Test 1020
Business Administration Core Exam
1. D
Corporation. By starting a corporation, Tim and Dan can sell stock to raise the necessary capital to cover business expenses. By owning the majority of the stock themselves, they can still control the business. A sole proprietorship is a business owned by one person. A major disadvantage of a partnership is that the capital available is limited to the partners' resources, so partnership is not the best option for Tim and Dan. A franchise owner buys the right to sell the goods or services of the parent company. Franchises are business ownership options rather than legal business structures.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
2. A
Training materials. Employees are often expected to read a variety of company resources in order to learn about and understand policies and procedures. Training materials are a type of reSOURCE: that companies often make available to employees. By analyzing the materials, employees learn about company structure, business strategies, operating policies and procedures, etc. The more employees know and understand about the company, the better able they are to perform effectively and advance in the organization. Sales reports, promotional brochures, and research documents usually do not contain information about company policies and procedures.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Jackson, S. & Schuler, R. (2003). Managing human resources through strategic partnerships (8th ed.) [pp. 369-370]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
3. B
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 79]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
4. D
Go in order. When Chad puts something in place for catching the oil first, he is following his friend's directions in order. Good directions are listed in sequential order, or the order in which they need to occur. There is generally a good reason for the order, so follow it. If you skip around, you may miss one of the directions. Failing to do so could result in quite a mess. In this situation, Chad is not asking questions, noting key words, or accepting responsibility.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
5. C
Four times as fast as people can talk. Humans can listen and process speech much faster than they can generate it; much faster, not slower, than the average person talks. This ability is not part of the communication model, nor does active listening increase it.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
6. B
Commands attention. Effective communication requires that the receiver be willing to accept the message from the sender. A communicator who commands the receiver's attention is increasing the opportunity for successful reception of the message. Speakers should use variations of voice pitch, rather than speaking in a monotone. They should also try to speak without mannerisms and avoid sounding like a recording.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 184-185). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. D
Providing an answer. Businesses receive inquiries on a regular basis. The inquiries might come from customers, suppliers, or business associates. The purpose of an inquiry usually is to ask a question. Therefore, when providing responses to inquiries, it is usually best to begin by providing an answer. If the inquiry includes more than one question, the response should provide answers to all of the questions by beginning with the most important question. It is not necessary to restate the question. If the question is unclear, it may be necessary to ask for more information before providing a response. Many inquiries are routine questions. Therefore, it usually is not necessary to be sympathetic.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 119-121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. C
Visualize themselves following the directions. Whether it's to provide drivi ng directions to a specific location, or to provide instructions to carry out an activity, most people will need to give verbal directions to another person at some time. To provide the steps in a clear, audible, and logical way, it may help you to visualize yourself following the directions as you give them. While nonverbal actions (e.g., pointing) may be helpful when providing directions, not everyone knows sign language. If you provide too many options while providing directions, you may confuse the other person(s).
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Buzan, T. (n.d.). The power of verbal intelligence. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://www.scribd.com/doc/18283400/The-Power-of-Verbal-Intelligence
9. B
Unbiased. Ed believes that his idea is feasible, so he needs to persuade other group members that it is too. To do this effectively, Ed needs to present his reasons and information logically and objectively— without bias. Ed should present his reasons in a direct, unemotional way. If Ed is over-emotional or cynical, the group members may not take him seriously. And, if Ed presents the information in an understated or subtle way, the group members may not understand what Ed is trying to say.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 288-289]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
10. A
Offer to get the information and call back. When a customer asks for information you don't have, apologize for not knowing and offer to get the information. No one is expected to know everything, but you should know where to find necessary information. Always offer to call the customer back. It may be inconvenient for the customer to call you again, and s/he should not be asked to call someone else. Asking the customer why s/he needs the information would be rude.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 417-419]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. D
Assertive manner. Assertiveness is the ability to express yourself; communicate your point of view; and stand up for your rights, principles, and beliefs. Business employees who participate in group discussions should present their ideas and opinions in an assertive manner so others will know exactly what they think. Being assertive is an effective way to express your point of view in group discussions. Employees should not be argumentative when participating in group discussions because the goal usually is to reach some type of agreement. Employees usually do not present their ideas and opinions in a written format or a nonverbal style when participating in group discussions.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 329-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
12. B
Work to understand what the communication means. Effective written communication presents information in a clear, easy-to-read style so that readers do not have to try to figure out what the communication is all about. Readers should be able to grasp the communication's message in a minimum amount of reading time. Written communication should follow a logical train of thought, and readers should be able to find the information they need within the communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 116-119]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. C
E-mail. There is no variable expense associated with most routine e-mail. There are expenses associated with business letters, such as the cost of paper and postage, and with the fax and telephone.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 301]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. C
To sell products. One reason why businesses write informational messages is to sell products to customers. Businesses often develop sales letters that explain their goods and services and send these letters to prospective or current customers. The sales letters include important information about the business and its products and are intended to encourage customers to buy. Letters and memos are types of informational messages. Businesses identify customers before sending them informational messages.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 283]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
15. B
An e-mail requesting vendor pricing and discounts. An inquiry is a request for information. Businesses often send e-mails asking or requesting information from other businesses. Some requests might include product pricing, membership eligibility, or shipping dates. A performance review, meeting agenda, and financial report provide business information. The information is not an inquiry unless someone asks for something.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 285-286]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
16. B
Staff. Messages for all employees are considered staff communication. This is a form of downward communication in which information is presented to employees by management. Upward communication occurs when employees present information to management. Informal communication is the unofficial exchange of information among members of an organization. Lateral, or horizontal, communication involves the exchange of information between employees on the same level.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
17. D
Provide a meeting agenda to review. An agenda is a list of topics that will be discussed in a meeting. By having an agenda before the meeting takes place, employees can gather information and prepare notes for the discussion. Unless the department's financial status is the reason for the meeting, participants are unlikely to need a copy of the department budget. It is seldom appropriate to limit each participant's speaking opportunities.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
18. A
Customers' names. Customers' names are very special and important to them. The salesperson who can use the customer's name in the presentation brings a personal and positive touch to the sale. Brand names are more important to some customers than to others. In most cases, technical terms tend to have a negative rather than a positive effect on customers. Not all customers or selling situations involve credit terms.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Anderson, R.E., & Dubinsky, A.J. (2004). Personal selling: Achieving customer satisfaction and loyalty (pp. 116-117). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
19. B
Employees would not have jobs if there were no customers. Without customers, there would be no need for employees, businesses would close, and employees would be out of work. All customers are important to the success of a business—not just those who own the business. Customers deserve the very best service now, regardless of what might happen in the future. Businesses pay employee bonuses—not customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Select Knowledge. (n.d.). Quality best practice 3—Achieving service excellence. Retrieved September 14, 2009, from http://www.selectknowledge.com/images/public/preview_quality3.pdf
20. A
Telling the truth. A service orientation is the philosophy of providing quality service to customers. Businesses reinforce this orientation through communication. To be effective, the communication should be truthful and provide customers with accurate information and correct answers to their questions. Even if the answers are not the ones that customers want, they will respect the business for being truthful. For example, it is better to tell customers that their orders will be shipped in five days rather than promise shipment in two days if that is not possible. Businesses do not reinforce their service orientation through communication by developing advertisements, using publicity, or writing news releases.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2000). Customer service: Business 2000 (pp. 135-136). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
21. D
Managers. Business managers set policies to guide the operation of the business so both employees and customers know the rules. Customers, salespeople, and suppliers do not set policies for businesses. However, their comments and suggestions may be used by management in developing policies.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Washington State University. (2008, Spring). Business management economics: Lecture 2— Managing the business. Retrieved September 14, 2009, from http://classes.ses.wsu.edu/EconS352/Sp2008-Marsh/lectures/Lecture2 _Managing_the_Business.pdf
22. D
Domineering/Superior. Domineering/Superior customers often appear overly self-confident and pushy by boasting about their purchases. Since these customers usually know what they want, they convince or sell themselves. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude. Suspicious customers question everything and want facts and proof before being convinced to buy. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of difficulty in making a choice or buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
23. A
Investigate the problem. Once you fully understand a customer's complaint, you have to decide if the complaint is justified before you can resolve the situation. Investigating the problem helps to determine how the situation can be handled within company policy. Restating the complaint eliminates any misunderstandings. Taking action occurs after determining how the complaint can be handled. Asking a supervisor about a complaint would only be done in unusual circumstances.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Ontario Skills Passport. (2009, January 20). Special events coordinators and special events managers. Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://skills.edu.gov.on.ca/OSPWeb/jsp/en/nocdetails.jsp?key=1226&sort=D#9
24. A
Buying gum. This activity involves the exchange of two things of monetary value, gum and money. Economic activities involve consumption, production, exchange, and distribution. The other alternatives are noneconomic activities.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Clayton, G.E. (2005). Economics: Principles & practices (pp. 6, 10). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
25. D
Form. Form utility is the usefulness created by changing the shape of a good to make it more useful to customers. Manufacturers can create form utility by changing their products according to the marketresearch information from customers. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods and services are available at a place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by customers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from seller to user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
26. C
Sold to the ultimate consumer. Retailing is not simply the exchange of goods or offering goods for sale. Retailing occurs only when goods are sold to those who will use them, and it may occur in the consumer's home, over the telephone, or in a variety of ways other than in a retail establishment.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
27. B
Promoting the new bread through advertising. Since Franco's Bread Shop is introducing a new type of sandwich bread to the community this week, the bread shop is now performing the business activity of marketing by promoting the new bread through advertising. Collecting information and developing a system for storing information are both part of information management. (Collecting information can be part of marketing, too.) Planning for long-term results can be part of marketing and/or strategic management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
28. B
Consumers. In a market economy, consumers decide what will be produced by casting economic votes through their purchases in the marketplace. Custom determines what is produced in traditional economies. Strategic planning is a management activity that might use consumer demand data to make production decisions. Trial and error is not an economic decision-making method.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: O'Connor, D.E. (2006). Encyclopedia of the global economy A guide for students and researchers (p. 33). Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.
29. B
Prices. Supply and demand work together in private enterprise to determine prices. Consumers indicate their demand for products by the prices they are willing to pay for those products. Limited government control is a characteristic of the private enterprise economic system. Profits are determined by factors in addition to prices. Competition is a characteristic and economic freedom of the private enterprise economic system.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (Private Enterprise)
30. C
Cost of goods. The amount of money paid for raw materials and products sold is cost of goods. Operating expenses are all of the expenses involved in running a business. Gross profit and net profit are received, not paid.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
31. A
Indirect. Businesses compete indirectly with other businesses whose products are different from their own. Direct competition refers to competition between businesses which offer similar types of products. Price competition focuses on the use of price to attract scarce customer dollars. Nonprice competition is a type of competition involving factors other than price.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete!
32. C
Productivity. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced from set amounts of resources. Inputs are all the resources used in producing goods and services. Objectives are goals to be reached. Mass production is the production of a few products in large quantities.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. D
Discrimination. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristic, e.g., race, religion, gender, age, etc. In this situation, the business may be guilty of discrimination for hiring an older man rather than a young woman if both have similar qualifications. It might be considered discrimination if the business is making the hiring decision mainly on the basis of age and gender. This is not an example of harassment, team conflict, or remedial action.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 222, 246-247). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. A
It may reveal characteristics about ourselves that we don't like. Assessing strengths and weaknesses is a difficult task because it may reveal characteristics about ourselves that we don't like. It takes courage to evaluate yourself, acknowledge your strengths, and examine your flaws. Assessing strengths and weaknesses need not be a time-consuming process, although it should be an ongoing one. It is not unrealistic to try to discover all of one's strengths and weaknesses, nor is it impossible to be modest when listing one's strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. C
Personal. A personal trait is a personal characteristic expressed by a consistent pattern of behavior. Julie changed her regular pattern of behavior from unreliable to dependable. Physical traits include age, height, weight, build, or other physical characteristics. Mental traits involve intellectual abilities such as remembering, comprehending, analyzing, evaluating, and creating. Emotional traits involve attitudes, feelings, values, and so forth.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
36. C
Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility. Increased job responsibility is just one benefit of demonstrating initiative. If you possess initiative, you are ready, willing, and able to both think and act on your own. You do not have to be prodded or urged to do so. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations, especially in the field of business. To be viewed as a person with initiative, your willingness to think and act on your own should be reflected in all areas of your life.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. B
Obligations. Obligations are personal promises or job duties you have promised to carry out. Giving top priority to fulfilling one's obligations is a characteristic of being responsible. A responsible person will not allow her/his own needs, desires, or weaknesses to prevent the fulfillment of those obligations.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. A
Consult a mentor. Sometimes, employees may find themselves facing a situation at work that doesn't seem to have a clear right or wrong answer. In these situations, it is helpful to have a mentor to whom they can turn for guidance and advice. Mentors should be people who are well-respected in the workplace and who have a reputation for behaving ethically. The office gossip is not a good SOURCE: of advice because s/he is behaving unethically. Coworkers may be inexperienced and not have useful advice. Friends are outside of the workplace and not available when needed.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
39. D
It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Having a sense of humor helps you maintain a positive attitude because it keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Being able to laugh at yourself and at annoying things that happen is very good for your positive attitude. It helps you to keep things in perspective. Havi ng a sense of humor does not have anything to do with hanging out with positive people, staying healthy, or giving your appearance the attention it deserves.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt For Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. B
Recognizing that all people make mistakes. If we can accept that, then we are on the way to making criticism a helpful tool. The other alternatives would not help us improve or change ourselves and would harm good human relations.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. D
Yes, you can give the person supportive feedback. People enjoy sharing their success with others and getting supportive feedback. Giving this supportive feedback is a way to show empathy. While sympathy is limited to problem situations, empathy is not.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
42. D
Cultural sensitivity. The willingness to adjust your opinions and behaviors so that you value different people and ideas is cultural sensitivity. Communication is an exchange of information. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
43. B
Concise. Communicating all the important information in the shortest way possible means you are being concise. Being concise means making the best use of your words. Being sensitive means putting “you” before “I” in your communication. Being concrete means your communication is accurate, specific, and easy to visualize.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: QS LAP 25—More Than Just Talk
44. C
I am worthy of my own respect and the respect of others. To be assertive, you need to believe in your own worth, have self-respect, and expect respect from others. You do not have the right to express your feelings in any way you choose if it will offend or hurt others. Being able to ask others for help is a characteristic of assertiveness. It is not always possible to agree with everyone.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. C
Project team. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project. In large companies, the team members often communicate via computer rather than face to face. A work team is a group of employees who are responsible for carrying out an entire work process. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Gido, J., & Clements, J.P. (2003). Successful project management (2nd ed.) [p. 324]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
46. B
Role model. Angela is a role model. A role model is a person whose behavior is imitated by others. Leaders are often role models, but they also do much more. The behavior of people who are examples and heroes is not by definition imitated. These people may serve as role models, but not necessarily.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
47. C
Reachable goals. Individuals who have an achievement orientation want to do their best and be successful. One way to develop an achievement orientation is to establish reachable goals. Achieving goals builds confidence and self-esteem and encourages individuals to continue achieving. If the goals are unrealistic, individuals might fail, which often leads to giving up rather than trying to achieve in the future. In order to achieve, it is often necessary to establish firm deadlines. Establishing personal relationships and safe conditions are not ways of developing an achievement orientation.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. A
Be able to identify opportunities for change. To be a change leader, you must be able to identify opportunities for change. Research shows that successful change can be led from all levels and all walks of life. You don't need to be a certain age or have a certain amount of education or experience to be a change leader.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
49. B
Being a good listener. By being aware of what's going on in the industry, Matthias is being a good listener. He's keeping his ears and eyes open for issues and trends that may affect the team vision. In this situation, Matthias is not demonstrating enthusiasm, flexibility, or being an example.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
50. C
Difficulty getting along with others. More people are fired because they can't get along with their coworkers than for any other reason. Businesses usually let such people go because of the problems they cause within the business. Help is usually offered to employees who need a better understanding of their jobs or have poor job performance. Poor self-esteem is a personal problem that the individual must work to correct.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
51. B
It is better to receive $100 today than $101 a year from now. According to the concept of the time value of money, the sooner money is received the more time you have to let it grow. Receiving money later costs you the opportunity to earn interest or other appreciation. Saving money will not buy time on debt payment. Time and money are not related by due date.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Investopedia.com. (n.d.). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
52. C
Installment loan. Under this plan, the customer is usually required to make a down payment and a series of continuing payments for a specified period of time. With an open account, a customer is billed each month for all purchases made during the preceding month. The option account gives the customer the choice, or option, of paying the entire amount due without a finance charge or paying a minimum amount due (or more) with a finance charge added. With a revolving credit account, the customer pays a small amount each month, usually with a service charge.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Types of credit. (n.d.). Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://finance.mapsofworld.com/credit/types.html
53. B
Co-signer. When a borrower agrees to a loan, s/he is making a contractual agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person co-sign for the loan. A co-signer is responsible for paying back the loan if the borrower does not. The credit union, Treasury Department, and debt collectors are not responsible for repaying a loan unless they agree to be cosigners on loan contracts.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 182-183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Saving even a little bit each month will help. Even a small amount of money, invested from an early age over a long period of time, can make a significant contribution to retirement savings. People do not have plenty of time to save for retirement; beginning early allows more time for savings to grow. Social Security benefits are not likely to cover basic living expenses. Due to longer life spans, many people are in retirement longer than 15 years.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J., Dlabay, L., Hughes, R., & Hoyt, W. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 477-481). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. A
Specific details. The S in SMART goals stands for specific, the first characteristic of effective financial goals. Saving money and spending wisely are good habits that can support financial goals, but they are not what the S in SMART represents. A sense of teamwork is not related to the characteristics of financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
56. D
Unexpected car repairs. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Individuals develop personal budgets so they can manage their money. An expense is money that the person pays for something. A variable expense is a cost that is unexpected or may change, such as unexpected car repairs. It is a good idea to budget a certain amount of money to an emergency fund to cover unexpected, variable expenses. A salary increase is a SOURCE: of income rather than an expense. Fixed expenses, such as car loans and homeowner insurance premiums, are payments that are not expected to change.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 75-77, 79). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. A
Amount due on an inheritance. A tax liability is a debt, or the total amount of tax an individual owes. There are many types of taxes, and one of them is an inheritance tax. When individuals receive an inheritance, they usually have to pay tax on at least a portion of the inheritance based on the amount of the inheritance. The inheritance tax is a debt that individuals must pay when they receive an inheritance. Deductions for a charitable contribution, credits for eligible expenses, and the value of an exemption reduce the tax liability on the amount of income that a person earns.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Double-entry. While maintaining financial records, accountants often record transactions using a system that affects at least two accounts, called the double-entry accounting system. "Dual-entry," "bi-level," and "bi-weekly" are not terms used to describe the recording of transactions or the maintenance of financial records.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (p. 73). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. B
Validating their credit history. Individuals often validate their credit history before applying for additional credit to make sure that the information in the history is accurate. In some cases, individuals may want to provide additional information to more fully explain their income status if the credit history does not include all sources of income. Also, if there was a history of late payments for a certain account, individuals might want to explain that the charges were in dispute and that the matter has been resolved. Adding additional information often helps to answer questions related to an individual's credit history. Individuals usually do not provide additional information about their income status and payment history when opening a checking account, estimating their tax liability, or hiring a financial planner.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 174-175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. A
Deduct allowable expenses. Form 1040 is the longest version of the tax forms. However, there are benefits to using this form depending on an individual's situation. If an individual has a lot of allowable expenses that are deductible, the individual often can reduce the amount of tax that is owed. These deductions must total more than the standard deduction in order to save money on taxes. For example, if the standard deduction is $8,000 but the individual has allowable deductions of $12,000, it is to the individual's benefit to use Form 1040 to claim the higher deduction. Using Form 1040 does not speed up the refund process or enable individuals to estimate tax payments. Individuals use Form 1040 to itemize deductions rather than to claim the standard deduction.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 384-385). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. A
24-hour account access. One of the advantages of using an online brokerage firm is 24-hour access to your account. Many self-directed investors like being able to access this information at any time without having to call or visit their broker. Online brokerages do not offer personal guidance from a live broker or many additional financial products and services. Online brokerages usually have low commissions rather than high ones.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2009). Brokers and online trading: Full-service or discount? Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/broker/broker2.asp
62. C
One investment to another. The purpose of the risk pyramid is to show a comparison of one investment to another. With high-, moderate-, and low-risk categories, the pyramid helps you to see which investments are more or less risky than others. Near the peak are the most risky investments, while at the base are investments with the most reliable returns. The purpose of the risk pyramid is not just to compare stocks to stock mutual funds, corporate bonds to municipal bonds, or one stock to another.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business?
63. B
Ordinary life. Ordinary life is a type of life insurance that pays benefits on the death of the policyholder. It also provides a savings and investment program at current market rates and has cash value. Term is a form of life insurance that covers a specific number of years. Homeowner's insurance protects property owners from damage to their property. It usually includes liability insurance, which protects the homeowner if someone else is injured on or by their property.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 382-383]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
64. D
Profit-and-loss statement. A profit-and-loss statement is an income statement that summarizes a business's revenue and expenses over a period of time. A business owner preparing to apply for an increased line of credit probably would ask the accounting department to compile a profit-and-loss statement to provide current financial information to the bank. The information in a profit-and-loss statement reflects the business's financial condition and indicates if it is making sufficient profit to repay an increased line of credit, which is a type of loan. A marketing-information report contains marketingrelated data from inside and outside the business. A capital-goods analysis lists all the equipment, resources, facilities, etc., owned by a business. Truth-in-lending is a federal law that requires all finance charges to be disclosed on consumer credit agreements.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. B
New business projects and strategies. The finance function would definitely be involved in a decision regarding new business projects and strategies. It is important for a business's financial managers to help top management with planning. Marketing involves decisions about public relations, publicity, and personal selling. The human resources department aids in the hiring process.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. A
The skills, knowledge and characteristics required for a job. A job specification is an explanation of the skills, knowledge, and characteristics required for a job. It describes what an employee in that position should be. An explanation of the responsibilities and tasks associated with a job is a job description. It describes what an employee in that position does. A job specification does not indicate the physical location of a job or who manages the department where a job position is open.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. B
Promotion. An advertising campaign is a series of advertisements planned around a central theme. Such campaigns are frequently part of a firm's promotional efforts. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Planning consists of establishing methods for achieving goals and objectives.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way!
68. B
Presentation. Presentation is the way in which the information is communicated. It addresses such factors as clarity of language used, sufficiency of font size, clarity of layout, effectiveness of colors, usefulness of graphics or photos, clarity of audio or video (if included), and helpfulness of any animation used. Presentation is particularly important on the Web since so much time is spent reading online. Relevance deals with whether the information pertains to the topic being researched. Objectivity deals with presenting unbiased information. Timeliness deals with how up-to-date the information is; however, the importance of timeliness will vary from topic to topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: The Open Learn University. (n.d.). 4 Evaluating business and management information on the internet—4.2 P is for presentation. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://openlearn.open.ac.uk/mod/resource/view.php?id=188766
69. C
By cause/effect. Identifying the causes and/or the effects of the highway bypass will be helpful in persuading management to make a decision about its course of action. Cause tells management why the bypass happened, while effect presents the results of the bypass. Chronological order would provide management with information according to the sequence in which the bypass occurred. An alternating organization pattern would stress the points you want to make about a comparison you are making. Emphatic order would present your ideas in their order of importance, either the strongest point being given first or last.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (2009). Cause/effect. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://writing.colostate.edu/guides/processes/organize/pop4a.cfm
70. C
It is data put into a useful form. Data and information are not the same thing. Data are the necessary facts and figures, but information is what you get when data are in a useful form. Information is something an organization values, and it is not always simple to manage.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. B
Transaction processing system. This is a computerized information system that processes daily, routine business transactions at the operational level of companies. Knowledge work systems aid knowledge workers in the creation and integration of new knowledge into companies. Its purpose is to improve worker productivity. Decision support systems aid managers in making decisions that are unique and rapidly changing. Executive support systems are reporting tools that enable managers to turn a company's data into useful reports.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Chapter 2: The strategic role of information systems. (2003). Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://www.scribd.com/doc/17116780/Chapter-2-Strategic-Role-of-Information-Systems
72. C
Operating system. An operating system runs the computer, serving as a go between for hardware and software applications. In addition, the operating system provides security for the computer system. A server is any combination of hardware or software designed to provide services to clients. Application software is software that enables the users to perform specific tasks, such as word processing. A computer's hard drive is the element of the system that stores software applications, the operating system, and other data.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Soward, K. (1999-2009). Computer operating system tutorial. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/way_5209060_computer-operatingsystem-tutorial.html
73. C
Internet companies offering phone service. Digital convergence is the tendency of digital services that were once separate entities to combine into new forms. An example of the Internet offering phone service is Skype. Wireless, bandwidth, and WANS are not examples of digital convergence.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 148-150]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. B
Use more words for descriptors or a more precise keyword. Unless the search engine will only allow one word to be used, it is better to use exact wording to get to the site that has the needed information. For example, using "retail" as a keyword would very likely net several hundred or thousand sites, but if "grocery AND retailing AND Texas" is used, the search will be narrowed down tremendously. Opening all 578 responses is not practical. Starting at #578 is not effective because many search engines list the most popular sites related to the keyword first. Going to another search engine will probably net about the same number of results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). Google Help Center: Advanced Search Made Easy. Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.google.com/help/refinesearch.html
75. D
Status Bar. The Status Bar appears at the very bottom of your window and provides such information as the current page and the number of words in your document. You can change what displays on the Status Bar by right-clicking on the Status Bar and selecting the options you want from the Customize Status Bar menu. The Ribbon In Microsoft Word 2007 is used to issue commands. The Ribbon is located near the top of the screen, below the Quick Access Toolbar. The Title Bar displays the title of the document on which you are currently working.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Baycon Group. (2009). Lesson 1: Getting familiar with Microsoft Word 2007 for Windows. Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.baycongroup.com/word2007/01_word2007.html
76. A
Templates. The template feature of presentation software allows the user to enter information into a set of standardized slides that all have a similar look. The wizard uses already prepared slide shows to suggest content. Blank slides allow the user to prepare the presentation from scratch. The premade slides would be considered part of the wizard.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Baycon Group. (2009). Lesson 2: PowerPoint overview. Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.baycongroup.com/powerpoint/02_powerpoint.htm
77. D
To maintain client lists. One use of a computer database is to store information about the business's customers. A database allows a business to add and update information and to organize it in many different ways. For example, a business might organize its client list according to the amount of money each customer spends, by zip code, or by location. The business can rearrange this information at any time by a simple click on a computer key. Databases are not used to transmit documents, communicate with vendors, or to monitor economic trends.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation (2009). Access 2007: Why do I need a database-Lesson 1. Retrieved August 29, 2009, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computer/lesson.aspx?id=1476&p=3
78. A
Interest rate is expected to decrease by 1/2%. Spreadsheet software programs allow businesses to use a computer to perform accounting and other financial calculations. An advantage of using a spreadsheet program is that a business can make various changes to specific numbers and figures to find out quickly what effect they will have on its financial status. For example, a business could reduce the interest rate it is paying on loans to find out the effect that would have on operating expenses. If a business owes a substantial amount of money and the interest rate decreases, it will be able to save a significant sum in interest. The business can enter several different interest rates, and the spreadsheet program will automatically do the calculations. The alternatives are not examples of change that will affect a business's financial status.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2000). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (11th ed.) [pp. 461-463]. Cincinnati: South-Western College.
79. B
Point-of-sale software. There are many point-of-sale software applications that enable businesses to perform a variety of functions beyond the point of sale. Some of these functions include placing orders, controlling inventory, placing special orders, etc. Wi-Fi is an abbreviation for wireless fidelity, and it provides wireless networking capabilities. SMS is an abbreviation for short messaging service and is used to send text messages on a variety of cell phones. Spreadsheet applications are computer applications that simulate a paper worksheet of financial data.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Appliance stores point of sale software. (n.d.). Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://wws5.com/au_pdf/appliancestores-au.pdf
80. C
Assurance. This clothing manufacturer is using quality assurance. Quality assurance is a process businesses use to prevent defective products from being created, not just to eliminate or correct them after they've already been produced. Quality inspection is a process businesses use to check for defects after products have been produced. Quality guarantee and quality delivery are not traditional terms used in operations or quality control.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. C
Government agency. Service businesses must follow certain procedures to ensure the safety and health of both their customers and their employees. The government establishes health and safety laws to protect the well-being of anyone who enters the business. A service business that does not follow the laws could be endangering customers and employees. If this occurs, the appropriate government agency should be contacted so that corrective action can be taken to prevent accidents or illness. The local chamber of commerce, the utilities commission, and the regional risk coalition are not organizations that handle violations of health and safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Paster, Tara (2007). The HACCP food safety training manual (pp. 122-124). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
82. B
Using a letter opener to slit envelopes. A letter opener is designed for this task. Using scissors to open a pop can and a knife to pry open a drawer are examples of using tools for tasks other than the ones for which they were intended. A hammer that has a loose handle is an example of a defective tool that may be hazardous to use.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 243]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
83. D
Described on an accident report form. The company should keep a written record of accidents, injuries, and illnesses for its own use. Most companies are also required to record such information on forms provided by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Even minor cuts or injuries should be treated because of the danger of infection. Accident report forms, rather than company stationery, should be used to ensure all relevant information is collected and recorded. Not all accidents require a doctor's attention.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Workplace accident report form. (2009, June 10). Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.docstoc.com/docs/7105004/Workplace-Accident-Report -Form
84. D
Security measures. Taking security measures involves using a variety of security methods and devices to protect the physical building and its contents. If used properly, they protect the business from the risk of theft of money and other valuables and even loss of life. Businesses must work toward detecting and preventing losses that result from such activities as customer theft (shoplifting), employee pilferage, and burglary. Maintenance activities involve the repair and general upkeep of business equipment and property. A benefits program includes all of the vacation time, health insurance, and other employee benefits provided by the business. Compensation policies are guidelines the business follows in paying employees.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Workplace violence incidents and security measures: 2005. (2005). Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/tables/09s0640.xls
85. B
Review the invoice. One way to evaluate supplier performance after the purchased goods or services have been delivered is to review the invoice. By reviewing the invoice, a purchasing specialist can determine whether the supplier charged the agreed upon price. A purchasing specialist should contact the supplier's references, visit the supplier's plant, and/or check the supplier's credentials before doing business with that supplier.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
86. A
Legal contract. A purchase order is a form identifying the prices, discounts, dating, transportation, charges, etc., applicable to an order issued by a buyer to a seller. Once the order is signed and accepted by a vendor, it is a legal contract. Therefore, a business must fill out all the information correctly because the agreement is enforceable by law. If a business makes an error, such as listing a higher purchase price, the vendor has the right to charge that price. A purchase order is not a receiving document, a delivery form, or a payment record.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 288]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
87. A
Continuous. Businesses with a steady demand for their standard products, such as toothpaste, often operate continuously. In most cases, the continuous production process is highly automated and operates steadily with assistance from only a few employees. Intermittent production starts and stops frequently and produces only when there is a need to increase stock levels. Labor-intensive production processes rely more on people than on machines. Batch production processes are used to produce limited quantities of a product at one time.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
88. A
Help to prevent medical problems. Good posture helps to keep the body in alignment and enables the body's organs to function properly. This helps to prevent such medical problems as a bad back, fatigue, and muscle strain. Good posture may make you look taller than you really are, but that is not an important reason for practicing good posture. Good posture cannot eliminate the need for some clothing alterations, and it is not likely to improve your ability to relax.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
89. D
Gives you a good start the next day. It is better for you psychologically if you can start each work day in a work area that is reasonably well organized. It usually takes only a few minutes to straighten things up at the end of each day, and it is time well spent. Cleaning up before you leave does show you are trying to stay organized, make your work area look neat overnight, and set a good example for coworkers, but those are not important reasons to develop this habit.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: O'Connor, K. (2005). Organize your time and space in two minutes or less. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://www.right-writing.com/organize.html
90. A
Dynamic. Goals are dynamic, meaning they are flexible and can be changed. In this case, Chris changed his career goal from grooming horses to giving riding lessons. Good goals are specific, measurable, and effective, but Chris's example does not illustrate these traits.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
91. D
Mind mapping. Mind mapping allows your brain to think the way it wants to, meaning that you don't force it to think logically or step-by-step. It can just spit out ideas. The results may appear random or chaotic. Mind mapping involves drawing pictures, arrows, and other visual elements to represent a problem and organize ideas about possible solutions. Brainstorming is a problem-solving method in which a group throws out possible solutions to the problem. Appreciative inquiry is a problem-solving method that requires you to think positively about the problem. The intuitive problem-solving approach requires you to wait for the solution to flash into your mind. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem
92. C
Extrinsic. These are the actual rewards obtained for performing the job. Intrinsic satisfactions come from within yourself. Concomitant satisfactions result from such working conditions as a pleasant work environment or good relationships with coworkers. Vocational satisfaction is the overall pleasure obtained from working in an occupation.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 30). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Accepting responsibility for mistakes. Employers expect their employees to have the necessary skills to do the work, but they also expect them to be honest. Being honest means not only that employees will not lie or steal, but that they will accept responsibility for their mistakes and not make excuses or blame others. Businesses respect employees who are honest and admit their mistakes because businesses realize that everyone makes mistakes from time to time. Employees who complete assignments on time are meeting their employer's expectations for dependability. Employees who help coworkers or look for better ways to do the job are exhibiting initiative.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 94-97]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
94. B
Unemployment benefits. Employees have certain rights on the job, and one of these is to receive unemployment benefits if they lose their jobs for no fault of their own. Employers pay the cost of unemployment insurance so that employees can receive benefits if they lose their jobs. For example, employees who are terminated because the business is losing money and needs to restructure are entitled to receive unemployment benefits. Workers' compensation is insurance purchased by employers to provide benefits such as disability payments to employees who are injured on the job. Individuals often purchase insurance coverage to protect themselves from various mishaps.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 236-237). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. B
State departments of vocational rehabilitation. These departments provide current information about the physical requirements of many jobs and suggestions about other agencies to contact. College and high school services for persons with disabilities focus on access to education rather than on career planning. Nonprofit vocational training programs offer limited types of training to persons with disabilities and usually have relatively few job openings.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: U.S. Dept. of Labor. (2000). Occupational outlook handbook 2000-2001 (pp. 8-9). Washington: U.S. Government Printing Office.
96. B
Small-business owners generally are not interested in expanding their businesses. Entrepreneurs are individuals who expand their businesses in the form of products, personnel, and target markets. Entrepreneurs do not necessarily need to start a business from scratch, and they can purchase franchises. However, for franchise owners to be entrepreneurs, they must expand the business or create new businesses. Entrepreneurs are usually very involved in the daily management of their businesses in the early stages of the ventures. The U.S. Small Business Administration defines a small business as being one employing fewer than 500 people.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
97. C
Avoid making any negative statements about the firm she left. In many cases, people leave jobs because they can no longer tolerate the workplace. They may want to get away from a disagreeable coworker, a domineering boss, or an unpleasant atmosphere. When these people apply for new jobs, they should not describe problems or be totally honest and open about their previous situations. They should not be dishonest, but they should give whatever positive reason applies to them. These might include the desire for added responsibility, the hope of career advancement, or the wish to broaden horizons. Refusing to discuss why you left a job would indicate that you were hiding something or had been fired for some reason.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. D
Is short and typed. A follow-up letter after a job interview should be short and to the point. The purpose is to briefly thank the interviewer. Typed letters are preferred. Follow-up letters do not contain a photo or another résumé. They should not be long and detailed.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Ober, S. (2001). Contemporary business communication (4th ed.) [pp. 550-552]. Houghton Mifflin.
99. B
Personalized. Some jobs have certain requirements that applicants should respond to by preparing personalized résumés that provide specific information about the applicant's qualifications. For example, a person applying for a sales position might mention experience in the restaurant business if the job was related to selling supplies to restaurants. Making the résumé more personal for specific types of jobs might give an applicant an advantage over someone who provided a general résumé. A chronological résumé lists an applicant's education and experience in order according to date, beginning with the most recent. A functional résumé emphasizes major accomplishments according to importance rather than date. A generalized résumé contains broad, general information rather than specific information.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Grayson, B. (2009, June 11). How to create a personalized résumé. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-t o-Create-a-PersonalizedResume&id=2463545
100. D
Accomplishing company goals. Top-level management uses the business's resources to achieve company goals through the management activities of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling. First-line supervisors have the responsibility for supervising day-to-day activities. Maintaining security and conducting research would be the responsibility of mid-level managers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1044
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Corporation. A corporation is a form of ownership owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. The liability of each owner is limited to the amount invested. A franchise is an agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. A partnership is a form of business ownership owned by two or more persons. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
Good reading skills. All business employees need to possess basic reading skills. However, employees who are required to extract relevant information from written materials should possess good reading skills because some of the materials may contain complex information that is difficult to understand. Good reading skills include the ability to focus on the content and analyze and evaluate the meaning of the message. Employees who possess good reading skills usually have extensive vocabularies and are willing to look up the meaning of unfamiliar words. Possessing the ability to listen or an effective speaking voice will not help employees to extract relevant information from written materials.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. D
Achieve tasks. Business employees often are expected to apply written directions to achieve tasks, such as operating a new piece of office equipment. When applying written directions, it is effective to follow a step-by-step order to be able to perform the task correctly. Most written directions are explained in a step-by-step way because they must be performed in a certain order. Employees do not apply written directions to give commands, read materials, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. B
Restating directions in your own words helps clarify them. When you restate the directions, the person giving the directions can correct any misunderstanding you may have had about what you are to do. Listening is more than hearing. Listening is an active behavior that involves understanding, evaluating, and responding to what is being said. Asking questions and taking notes will also help you to understand and to follow directions accurately.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Ludden, L.V. (2003). Job savvy: How to be a success at work (3rd ed.) [p. 40]. Indianapolis: JIST Publishing.
5. B
Employee is thinking of an answer. To listen effectively, employees should concentrate on what is being said rather than think about a possible answer. Many times employees become distracted and think about what they should say, especially if a manager is evaluating their performance. The temptation is to develop a response rather than focus on understanding the evaluation. Employees need to make a conscious effort to concentrate in order to listen effectively. The use of audiovisuals often helps employees to understand directions, especially if the information is technical. Taking a few notes also increases understanding.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Daft, R. (2002). The leadership experience (2nd ed.) [pp. 322-325]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
6. C
Clarify the information exchanged. Verbal communication is a spoken exchange, and individuals who are speaking to each other can ask questions in order to ensure that they clearly understand what is being said. Written communication does not have this benefit, but it does provide a written record of the information exchanged. Verbal communication does facilitate interaction with others and a rapid exchange of ideas, but those are not always important or advisable in business.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. C
Use visuals. It is often more difficult to give verbal directions than to provide written directions unless the information is fairly simple or familiar to the audience. To overcome the problem of giving verbal directions, it is often helpful to use visuals such as diagrams or charts. The visuals reinforce the verbal directions and help the audience to understand the explanation. It is not helpful to speak softly, use complex words, or limit body language when giving verbal directions. These actions may make it more difficult for the audience to understand the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 114]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. A
Supporting ideas with research. Ideas that are research-based are more easily accepted than those that are not. Although the research gathered may result in the boss thinking the employee intelligent, it is not the main reason for collecting the statistics. The research does not create alternative ideas. It is meant to add validation to the original idea. Clarifying an idea involves explaining it in more detail.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leitch, M. (2006, February 15). Giving ideas. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.internalcontrolsdesign.co.uk/advice/index.html#all
9. C
Identify the firm or department and yourself. General guidelines for answering a business telephone include greeting the caller, identifying yourself and the business or department, and asking how you can be of assistance to the caller. It is not always necessary to get the correct spelling of the caller's name. Immediate action may also not be required. Callers should not be called by their first names unless they are personal acquaintances of the individual answering the telephone.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 681). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
10. A
To share many different opinions. Many businesses encourage employees to participate in group discussions to analyze problems and find solutions. The advantage is that when employees share many different opinions, there is an increase in the chance of developing useful recommendations. However, for the group discussions to be useful, all members must feel comfortable and be willing to express their opinions. Businesses do not make it possible for employees to participate in group discussions to discuss personal issues, to plan extracurricular activities, or to have casual conversations.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 554]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. D
To arrange findings in a logical manner. Before preparing a business report, it is important to organize the information so the findings are arranged in a logical manner. The facts and findings should be presented in a logical manner so readers will be able to understand the message. If the information is out of order, the message may not be clear. Before the information can be organized, it is necessary to understand the purpose of the report, identify the target audience, and investigate the cause of the problem.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 280-281]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. A
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual because their content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 388-391]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. B
Collection letter. A business sends collection letters to customers who owe the business money and have not made arrangements to pay. Collection letters must be written carefully in order to prompt customers to pay without threatening them in any way. A card catalog is used by libraries without computer systems to keep track of the libraries' holdings. An exit interview is a discussion with an employee who is leaving a company. Both an exit interview and an oral report are forms of verbal communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 341-343]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. D
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memorandum, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the message was written. The company's name and the employee's title do not always appear in the heading.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 571]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. C
Salutation. The salutation is the greeting that follows the inside address (e.g., Dear Mr. Robinson). The dateline precedes the inside address. The body is the message. It comes between the salutation and the complimentary close. The signature lines of a letter give the writer's name and title.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 305]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
16. D
Drop notes in a suggestion box. Suggestion boxes allow employees to write out ideas and drop them in at any time. Management may not have time to listen or may not want to be bothered during lunch or during their own time away from work. Discussing the idea with a friend of management involves the risk that the idea may not be passed on, and/or the other person may take the credit.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2001). Understanding management (3rd ed.) [pp. 450-451]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
17. C
Write down the idea. After the meeting, ask her manager if it can be added to the agenda of a future staff meeting. Participants in a staff meeting should stick to the agenda. Since Megan's idea is new, it needs to be saved for another discussion. Speaking up during this meeting, passing notes, or whispering will all be distracting and force the staff off task during the meeting.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. B
Yes, employees should be well informed and able to help customers. One good way to have a customerservice mindset is to be well informed about all aspects of a business. Although it is good to call a customer by his/her name, if known, this is not always possible. Employees often have brief conversations with customers. They should pay attention to customers regardless of how busy they are.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 10-12). Mason, OH: South-Western.
19. B
By requesting input through employee and customer surveys. Service-oriented companies are generally committed to providing exceptional service levels. Service-oriented companies are always looking for ways to improve their service levels. Requesting feedback from employees and customers regarding service levels is one way businesses can evaluate and improve service. Testimonials are statements by identified users of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of a product. Distributing testimonials, evaluating product development procedures, and conducting a feasibility analysis are not methods that businesses generally use to improve their service levels.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2002). Customer service: Business 2000 (p. 139). Mason, OH: South-Western.
20. B
"Is it designed to last?" Customers often inquire as to the design or construction of a product. Employees should be well-informed about the design and construction of products in order to explain their features and benefits and encourage customers to buy. Knowledgeable employees can effectively handle customers' inquiries about products. "Is there a return policy?", "Is financing available?", and "Is delivery included?" are inquiries about a business's policies rather than about the product.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 266). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. D
Getting feedback from. Businesses use the comments, suggestions, and other feedback from customers to help them decide if certain policies need to be revised or changed. Feedback also helps businesses know if their policies are meeting customers' wants and needs. Businesses would not change policies that have helped them to acquire new customers, to satisfy current customers, or to create good relations with customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2006). Entrepreneurship and small business management (pp. 362-364). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. B
Slow/Methodical. Slow/Methodical customers may need more action on the salesperson's part in order to close within a reasonable period of time. Dishonest customers should be watched for signs of dishonest behavior. Disagreeable customers are often surprised and calmed by salespeople who are composed, courteous, and efficient. Suspicious clients will often be your customer for life if you can gain their confidence and trust.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
23. D
Courteous and display concern. Your courteous and concerned attitude, plus the chance for the customer to express dissatisfaction, will place the customer in a good frame of mind. It is not always possible to implement customers' solutions because of the business's policies. The customer's point of view may also be unacceptable. Any adjustments allowed would depend upon the circumstances and the business's policies.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 52-53). Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. B
Capital goods. Capital goods are the manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Labor is the work people do. Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling activities in order to achieve goals or objectives. Natural resources are any resources found in nature, such as land, water, and timber, that are used to produce goods or services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. D
Increases. There is an inverse relationship between the amount customers are willing and able to buy and the price of the good/service. As prices go down, consumer demand increases rather than stabilizing, or remaining the same.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
26. D
Excess supply. Any price set higher than the equilibrium price, or market -clearing price, will result in excess supply. Conversely, any price set lower than the equilibrium price will result in excess demand. Price rationing refers to a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and services produced. Decreased supply will not occur if the price of a product is set above equilibrium.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Price)
27. A
Human resources. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing employees. It often involves finding workers for the business, and includes recruiting, selecting, and hiring employees. Recruiting, selecting, and hiring employees are not the responsibility of information management, operations management, or strategic management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
28. D
Efficiency. When employees are working faster or better, they are increasing their efficiency. They may increase their value to the firm in the process—and perhaps their wages and benefits, too. But their efficiency is directly tied to how fast and how well they do their work.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
29. A
Natural. Natural risks result from such natural causes as floods, tornadoes, fires, lightning, blizzards, and earthquakes. Wildfires would be a natural risk. Economic risks are changes in the market that force prices to be lowered, products to change, or even businesses to fail. Human risks are caused by human weakness and the unpredictability of employees and/or customers. Incompetence is a form of human risk whereby the employee does not have the skills, knowledge, or attitudes needed to succeed in the position.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
30. B
Perfect monopoly. Perfect monopoly is not a term used to refer to market structure. The four main idealized market structures used in trade theory are perfect competition, monopoly, oligopoly, and monopolistic competition. Perfect competition is an idealized market structure that includes large numbers of buyers and sellers. A monopoly is a market structure in which there is only one seller. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are a number of small sellers. A monopolistic competition is a market structure in which there are many sellers producing differentiated products.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: University of Michigan. (2001). Deardorff's glossary of international economics. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www-personal.umich.edu/~alandear/glossary/m.html
31. A
Increased. As the country has grown and business has expanded, the role of government in business has grown as well. Government's role now includes not only passing laws that affect business but enforcing those laws. Other causes of government's increased involvement in the economy include changes in people's attitudes, concern for the environment, and increasing industrialization.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. D
Productivity. Productivity is the amount and the value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). Businesses use such methods as specialization of labor, efficient methods and equipment, participative decision making, training and education, communication, motivation, and a good quality work life to increase workers' efficiency and productivity. Improved efficiency may actually reduce labor costs, selling prices, and unemployment.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. B
Emotional intelligence can be defined in different ways. Although the concept has been defined in different ways, emotional intelligence is usually described as being aware of our own emotions, responding to them appropriately, and then doing the same with the emotions of other people. Emotional intelligence is not the same as being an emotional person. Nor, is it "managing" emotions by ignoring them. Emotional intelligence may be as important as (or more important than) traditional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Prejudice is an attitude, not an act. An employer who thinks that all young people are lazy and poorly trained is exhibiting prejudice because the employer is putting all young people into one category and is not considering individual differences. If employers refuse to hire young people because they are prejudiced against them, the employers are guilty of discrimination, which is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, e.g., race, gender, age., etc. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual. Hostility involves acting in an unfriendly or menacing manner.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 187). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. C
Willing to take positive risks. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Self-confident people tend to exhibit certain characteristics, such as a positive attitude, an appreciation and acceptance of others' compliments, and a willingness to take risks. A self-confident person can express his/her own opinions or ideas even when others disagree, which involves risk taking. A selfconfident person understands that others' ideas and opinions do not hold any more or less value that her/his own ideas and opinions. While a self-confident person does not always agree with others, s/he does not ridicule or criticize others for expressing their own ideas.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 77-78]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
36. A
Enthusiasm. Your facial expressions, body posture, eye contact, personal appearance, and your actions tell others whether you are enthusiastic or indifferent. Ability, education, and intelligence cannot be measured by body language.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 352]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
37. C
Acting responsibly depends on where you are. Part of being responsible means knowing how to act in different situations and contexts. The way you act at home, for instance, is different from the way you act at school or on the job. But no matter where you are, there's a right way and a wrong way to behave. It may or may not be easier to get away with irresponsible behavior at home. The rules at school may or may not be stricter than the rules at home. Parents may or may not have higher expectations than your teachers do. Acting responsibly depends on where you are.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. C
Passed over for promotions. Most businesses try to act in an ethical manner, and they expect their employees to also behave ethically. Employees who behave unethically on the job may harm themselves by being passed over for promotions even if they are well qualified. Coworkers and supervisors often notice other employees' unethical behavior and may lose respect for them because of it. These employees may be passed over for promotions because their supervisors do not trust them to do the right thing, particularly in higher level positions that give them more authority. Employees are not harmed by attending training programs or being rotated to similar positions. Unethical behavior is not necessarily illegal.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
39. C
Positive. A positive attitude is an outlook that focuses on the good side of things. People with positive attitudes feel good about themselves, their jobs, and other people. They are better able to weather life's problems because they believe things will work out all right in the end. An indifferent attitude is one that expresses lack of interest. A negative attitude is an outlook that focuses on the bad side of things. A superior attitude is displayed by those who feel they are better than others.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. A
Eliminate negative ways of thinking. You can use self-control to eliminate negative ways of thinking and to replace them with a positive approach. In other words, you substitute positive thoughts for negative ones. Thinking before you make a response will help you to avoid problems but does not create a positive attitude. Dwelling on the fact that life is full of difficulties is a negative attitude.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
41. D
Change your behavior. Criticism is usually offered because what you are doing is either hurting you or someone else. After recognizing that you have made a mistake, decide what to change so that the problem is not repeated. Employees should not ignore constructive criticism or criticize the employer in return. It is not necessary to change jobs.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. C
Government. New or revised laws, regulations, policies, public services, leadership, etc., are all types of change brought about by government. They are often the result of economic changes. Changes brought about by individuals are changes concerning their bodies, lifestyles, minds, etc. Changes in society are brought about by shifts in people's values, tastes, habits, etc. Changes brought about by technology are developments, breakthroughs, and discoveries in the fields of science, engineering, etc.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2005). Management: Skills and application (11th ed.) [p. 340]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
43. D
You must feel your own emotions before you can detect them in others. An important step in developing empathy is to truly feel your own emotions so that you can see those feelings and respond to them in others. An empathetic person is not concerned about whether s/he agrees with others, does not judge others, and does not give advice.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
44. B
Nonverbal. Gestures such as pointing, arm-waving, or use of the hands to make a point are part of body language. This kind of communication is nonverbal because it occurs without words. Written communication is any form of communication in writing, such as a letter or magazine article. Verbal communication involves the use of words. Audiovisual communication includes any type of message transmitted through the use of media such as films.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
45. A
Using "you" statements. When confronting another person about a conflict, it is important to be calm and objective. The best way to do this is to approach the disagreement as a problem that you want to solve together. A technique to keep the discussion from escalating into a shouting match is by using "I" statements and avoiding the use of "you" statements. Use "I" statements to convey your beliefs, perceptions, and feelings. "You" statements tend to place blame or fault on the other person. As a result, the other person tends to become defensive and angry. It is important to listen to feedback.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. D
Self-awareness. Frank is demonstrating self-awareness. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of his/her own emotions. Each of us perceives the world through a unique set of values and beliefs. If you know what is important to you, your awareness will give you the confidence you need to respond appropriately. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is purposeful. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions. Social management is the ability to respond effectively to others' emotions.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
47. A
Learn to become comfortable with the idea that new situations occur. Because everyone experiences new situations, they are unavoidable. Therefore, to cope with new situations, adaptable people learn to acknowledge that new situations are always occurring. A person who stays in his/her own “comfort zone” is often fearful of new circumstances. Fear is a negative effect of adaptability. Some situations allow people to adapt over time, or during a transition period, and are not always avoidable.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens!
48. D
Themselves. Achievement-oriented people rely on themselves to set the standards for their work. They don't allow others to set the standards for them.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
49. A
It's the only way they will become committed to it. It's difficult to get people excited about a vision they don't really feel a part of. But when that vision is shared by the whole team, each member can feel personally invested in its success. Management may be able to force cooperation or compliance for a certain amount of time, but this will only result in low employee morale and, in the long run, will do nothing to further the vision. Only when team members feel the vision “belongs” to them as much as to the rest of the team or organization will they become truly committed to it. Team members are not necessarily responsible for determining the vision, and they may be talented creatively even if they are not fully committed.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
50. A
Sexual harassment. Federal, state, and local laws require employees to treat each other fairly. Sexual harassment is an example of illegal conduct that can cause lawsuits to be filed against both the harasser and the business. Reading the newspaper, sleeping on the job, and arriving late take time away from job performance and may result in a reprimand, but they are not illegal.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 239-240). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. B
Credit. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. One option businesses have to obtain credit is to secure credit cards from lending institutions. Businesses can obtain the goods and services they need right away, such as airline tickets and supplies, and then pay for the items when they receive their statement from their lending institutions. Businesses often purchase the things they need to operate effectively online. In fact, many web-based businesses will only accept credit cards as a form of payment. Debit cards, ATM cards, and store-value (gift) cards do not delay payment.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 126-127, 160-162). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. B
Credit cards. They do not qualify as a medium of exchange because they only delay payment; they are not the payment itself. Legal tender and currency are two names for the same thing: government issued specimen that are accepted as payment for goods and services. Bonds are an example of legal tender.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Friedman, D.H. (2003). Money & banking (5th ed.) [p. 6]. Washington: American Bankers Association.
53. D
Wages. A common SOURCE: of income is the money a person earns for work that s/he performs. This SOURCE: of income is a worker's wages. Businesses usually pay their employees at regular intervals, such as every week or every other week. In many situations, the businesses will deposit the employee's wages in their savings or checking accounts rather than pay them by check. Rent, interest, and dividends are other sources of income that are not associated with the work that an employee performs.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 71-72). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. C
Increase sales volume. Retail credit allows the consumer to purchase now and pay later. Credit encourages customers to buy impulse items and larger quantities or more expensive items, all of which increase a business's sales volume. Because of increased record-keeping expenses and bad-debt losses, offering credit does not lower operating costs but increases them. Offering credit is unrelated to any decisions concerning business hours.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
55. B
Read all paperwork carefully. Lyla should make sure she has read and understood all of the paperwork associated with the loan before signing it. She should be up front about her financial situation, so she should not inaccurately report her debts or overstate her assets. She should never sign a blank document, as doing so can lead to fraud.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Liberty Home Loans. (n.d.). Loan programs - finding the right one for you. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.competitivemortgage.com/mort_learn_cent/loan_program.html#7
56. D
Save more than he spends. By saving for retirement, he is ensuring that his life post-retirement is about the same standard as pre-retirement. Counting on an inheritance is risky. Investing in his factory's savings plan might be a smart step for Don, especially if the factory will match his contributions. Retiring later than planned will not make his retirement any more secure if Don does not practice wise saving habits now.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Brandon, Emily. (2006, December 20). Ten ways to pay for retirement. U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://finance.yahoo.com/retirement/article/102103/Ten_Ways_to_Pay_for_Retirement
57. B
Understand economics and finance. Financial planning does not help you understand economics and finance. It can help you meet needs and wants, influence the future, and recognize the importance of income.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
58. B
Earnings. Her employer will have kept track of her earnings and withheld the correct amount from each paycheck. She will not pay a tax on property because she does not own land or real estate. She has not inherited any money from a relative, or received a large gift of money so she will not have to pay taxes on wealth. She pays taxes on purchases when she makes those purchases, not when she prepares her income taxes.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. D
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit-card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (n.d.). A visual example of how to write a check. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/ig/How-to-Write-a-Check/
60. C
Cash; full. Paying the statement in full will assure that she does not have to pay extra interest on the balance, and will help improve her credit history. Paying in cash is better for her credit history's health than paying with another card, because eventually she will have to pay the money owed on the other card. Paying for one card with another can lead to a downward spiral of credit card debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Woolsey, B. (2005, July 12). Staying out of trouble with credit cards. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-for-good-credit1267.php
61. D
A credit union is controlled by a paid board of directors. Unlike other financial institutions which are controlled by paid boards, each credit union is typically operated democratically by a volunteer board. The volunteers are usually also credit union members. Rather than being owned by outside stockholders, credit unions are owned by their members.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 129). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. B
Fee structure. Financial-services providers are compensated in different ways. Therefore, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider to make sure the fee is affordable. Some providers may charge a flat fee while others may charge based on number and size of transactions. Some may charge for consulting time or for gathering information. Office location, tax status, and gross income are not important considerations when selecting a financial-services provider.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 260-261). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. C
Liability. Liability insurance protects the policyholder from claims of bodily injury or property damage caused by the policyholder's vehicle. It also pays for repairs needed as a result of the accident. Health insurance helps to pay medical bills. Whole-life insurance pays the insured's beneficiaries when the insured dies. Property insurance covers losses to real and personal property.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 386-388]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
64. D
Balance sheets. Businesses use the information collected through the accounting process to develop reports that indicate their financial condition. One kind of record is the balance sheet which shows the assets, liabilities, and overall financial condition of a business. Businesses need accurate balance sheets in order to know whether or not they are making a profit. Purchase orders are forms identifying the prices, discounts, dating, and transportation charges applicable to an order issued by a buyer to a seller. Inventory forms are the records used in counting the number and type of items available in inventory. Promissory notes are legal forms signed by a borrower promising to repay a loan.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. C
Obtaining funds. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. All businesses need funds to operate, so decisions about obtaining funds are very important. Businesses decide if it is necessary to borrow money, increase prices to generate more income, or take other actions to obtain funds. The role of finance in business does not involve paying employees, buying supplies, or monitoring expenses. However, finance is involved in obtaining the funds necessary to pay employees and buy supplies. Finance involves using funds to operate, such as paying expenses rather than monitoring expenses.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 2-3). Boston: Addison Wesley.
66. D
Recruiting. The part of staffing that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential job candidates is called recruiting. HR managers have many different methods for recruitment, and they will choose the ones that are most appropriate to their industry and the position(s) available. Training is an HR management activity that ensures employees are knowledgeable and productive. On-boarding is an HR management activity that gets a new employee started on the job. Interviewing comes after recruiting— recruiting produces potential candidates to interview.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. B
Promotion. The purpose of the promotion function of marketing is to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Some of the ways to communicate with customers include advertising, publicity, and sales promotion. Sending discount coupons to potential customers is a promotional form of communication intended to encourage customers to buy. Financing is the business function which determines the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities. Selling is the marketing function which involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Product/Service management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. B
Specific problems. Businesses need a variety of information to be able to make decisions and solve problems. The type of information they need depends on the business and the specific problem. For example, a retail business might need information about different suppliers because the current supplier is not performing adequately and the business wants to find a replacement. Businesses do not assess their information needs to deal with job applicants, personal relationships, or ethical issues.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
69. B
Quality of information. For information to be useful, it must be accurate and current. Therefore, businesses evaluate the quality of information they obtain to determine if it is relevant to the issue, accurate, and current. Information that is out-of-date or that includes errors will not help the business. The business might make poor decisions based on using information that is of low quality. Businesses do not evaluate the research procedure, type of statistics, or hardware application to determine if data are accurate and current.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 27-29]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. C
Information. Information is knowledge, facts, or data. A company collects and analyzes a variety of information to make wise decisions—decisions that are in the best interest of the company and its success. Because the company makes a variety of decisions, it needs to effectively manage all of the information so that it is available when the business wants it. Some types of information the company needs in order to make business decisions include product demand levels, markets, and product ratings (e.g., government grades).
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [p. 483]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
71. D
Database. A database is a collection (or file) of related information about a specific topic. Many businesses collect information about their customers and store this information in computer databases. Then, businesses can access this information at any time for a variety of reasons, such as tracking customers geographically. Spreadsheet software is used to organize, calculate, and analyze numerical data. Word-processing software is used to create text documents. The Internet is not a software application program.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials [p. 199]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Forwarding the message to the coworker's e-mail address. Many businesses have e-mail systems that allow employees to communicate with each other. The e-mail forward option allows an e-mail message to be sent to e-mail users other than the sender. The reply option is used when the e-mail recipient responds to the message sender. Posting a message in a secured e-mail folder does not ensure that the coworker will read the message. Although the message can be printed and handed to the coworker, it is not the most efficient way to communicate the information.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 301-302]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
73. C
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 359). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. C
Be as specific as possible. By being as specific as possible, results are narrowed to the most relevant material, which saves the researcher time from reading through unnecessary information. For example, if an individual is researching information on George Washington, the researcher should enter the keywords "George Washington" rather than "presidents" to retrieve the most relevant information. "Presidents" is a very broad, general term. The researcher would need to sift through much more information to obtain the needed information. Generally, most search engines are not case sensitive so it does not matter how the letters are entered into the query. Most search engines can conduct searches with more than 10 characters in the query field.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). The essentials of Google search. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.google.com/help/basics.html
75. A
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 32]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
76. D
To organize vendor information. Businesses often use database software programs to organize and analyze various types of information. For example, a business might organize information about its vendors according to name, location, type of product, selling price, or reliability. Spreadsheet software programs may be used to calculate weekly payroll. Graphics software programs may be used to diagram work schedules. Desktop publishing programs may be used to prepare promotional material.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2010). Marketing essentials [p. 199]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Integrated software application packages. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all types of business activities, such as inventory control, finance, tracking, invoicing, etc. For example, businesses can track the placement of an order, when the order is shipped and received, when an invoice is generated, and when payment is received. These types of computer programs are not known as electronic communications programs, interactive information display packages, or wireless connectivity programs.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 206). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. B
Allow employees to have access to the same information. Employees often work together to complete projects, and many of these employees work in different locations. Groupware computer software allows employees to share and access the same information from a variety of locations. The ability to access the same information allows each employee to have the necessary data to complete his/her portion of the project in a timely manner. By completing projects in a timely manner, businesses are in a better position to satisfy clients/customers and earn profits, which might increase their market share. Some businesses use groupware computer software to exchange information with their customers, but this depends on the type of business and the relationship with the customer. Groupware computer software can be used in many ways, including training, but the primary purpose is to make information available to the people who need it.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.web-conferencingzone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
79. B
An overview of the content that is visually interesting. The first thing a reader should see on a web page is the basic, rather than detailed, information about the web-page sponsor. Then, readers should be able to click on links to connect them to more detailed information or items of interest. To capture the reader's attention, the page should be visually interesting, which includes the appropriate use of color and smaller graphics. Since larger graphics tend to take longer to appear on the computer screen, some individuals might become frustrated because they must wait. Oftentimes, people will not go beyond the initial screen if they feel it takes too long. Therefore, it is preferable to use smaller graphics. Typefaces should be limited since too many of them can be visually distracting.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 214-218). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
80. D
Routinely inspect equipment. Some businesses operate equipment that may present a safety hazard if the equipment is not operating properly. As a result, certain health and safety regulations require these businesses to routinely inspect equipment to make sure it is safe. In some cases, government inspectors routinely visit the business to inspect equipment. If the inspectors find that the equipment is malfunctioning, they have the authority to force the business to stop using the equipment until it has been repaired and inspected again. Health and safety regulations do not require businesses to purchase new machinery, offer exercise programs, or install security cameras.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [p. 373]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
81. A
Provide training. Depending on the type of business, employees may be required to use equipment and machinery that may be complicated to operate. To help employees follow instructions and use the equipment and machinery in a safe manner, it is often necessary to provide training. During training, employees learn correct operating procedures which will minimize the possibility of accidents or injuries. Displaying first aid posters or installing a sprinkler system will not help employees follow instructions for the use of equipment and machinery. Depending on the equipment or machinery, employees may be required to wash their hands before or after use.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 407, 409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
82. D
Horseplay. Horseplay is behavior such as running, jumping, wrestling, or showing off. Carl was more interested in showing off than in doing his job safely. This type of incident would be included in an employee's performance evaluation. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or overexerting.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Kilbourne, C. (2009, March 31). 4 keys to preventing workplace horseplay. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://safetydailyadvisor.blr.com/archive/2009/03/31/training_horseplay_prevention_safety_re sponsibilities.aspx
83. D
Know the proper way to respond. Businesses should have established guidelines for employees to follow if accidents occur. And, employees should learn their employer's procedures for handling accidents so they can respond appropriately if an accident occurs. Not all employees are expected to have formal medical training. The Good Samaritan Law is in effect in most states to protect individuals from liability when they administer accepted first-aid techniques. Employees need to know whether they are covered by such a law. Understanding the accident report form is only part of the procedure.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
84. B
Evaluate the situation. The first step that an employee should take when an emergency occurs is to evaluate or assess the situation. The employee must determine what the problem is before s/he takes action. If the employee encounters an unconscious customer, s/he would check the customer's airways and pulse and call for an emergency medical squad for assistance. If the employee sees a fire in the building, s/he should follow the business's procedures, which would likely include actions such as advising others, activating the fire alarm, evacuating (leaving) the building, and notifying the fire department. The employee would call the police department when dangerous situations (e.g., robberies) occur.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 409-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
85. B
Purchasing. The main function of purchasing is to obtain goods and services for use in the business. Selling is a marketing function which involves determining consumer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
86. D
Has enough items on hand to run the business smoothly. Businesses need supplies so that they can operate efficiently. If a business runs out of printer toner, it cannot print letters, reports, or invoices, or conduct other activities that are necessary to keep the business up and running. To reduce the risk of running out of supplies, businesses often develop inventory control systems to track their supplies. Since the DEF Company is a consulting firm, it sells services, and therefore, does not sell the office supplies to customers. Generally, small companies do not need as many office supplies as big companies. Because DEF is a small company, it probably does not purchase too many items in bulk. Suppliers do not always offer free shipping. Businesses do not incur storage costs if their supplies are stored on their premises.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 355]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
87. A
Mass production. Mass production uses robots, assembly lines, computers, and other technology to produce large quantities of a few items. Continuous processing produces large quantities of a single product. Project manufacturing builds a small number of very large products, such as houses or highways. Job-shop processing produces goods to each customer's specifications.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. A
Conservative. When in doubt, be conservative. This is especially true in selecting clothes for work. Your work clothes should present a positive image of you and the business for which you work. They should not distract customers from the products you sell or coworkers from doing their jobs. Choosing clothing that is highly advertised, a current fad, or eye-catching would not be as wise as choosing something conservative.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand Me! (Personal Appearance)
89. C
Reduces stress. Stress on the job is often caused by the feeling that you have little or no control over your work or the circumstances in which you do it. Getting organized gives you some feeling of control, which reduces stress and makes you a better, more productive employee.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. C
Choosing your goal. Choosing your goal is a goal-setting basic that may take some time to accomplish, and that's all right. It's important to take all the time you need to think it through when you're deciding what you want to achieve. It shouldn't take too much time to write your goal down, break your goal down, or visualize yourself accomplishing it.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
91. C
Routine. Routine decisions are easy to make. They are made quickly and don't require a lot of thought or planning. Routine decisions, such as buying a bouquet of flowers, are based on personal feelings or are reactions to certain occurrences. Buying flowers is not a major, important, or urgent decision.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making)
92. C
Meeting their employers' expectations. A business has certain basic expectations of its employees. Because the employer is paying the employee, the employer expects the employee to arrive on time during designated work hours. The employer also expects the employee to be productive and work efficiently. An employee who goofs off or takes care of personal issues while on the clock is costing the business money because s/he is not doing the work that the employer is paying him/her to do. Other expectations that an employer might have of its employees are to understand the employer's policies, perform work in a safe manner, and make suggestions for improvement.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 94-96]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. D
Internet web sites. Today, Internet web sites are a valuable SOURCE: of career information that is available to individuals at all times. Many professional organizations maintain web sites that provide career information. Also, many businesses post career and employment information on their web sites. Some sites are designed specifically to allow job seekers access to potential employers, as well as information about careers in various industries. Employment agencies, local libraries, and school counselors are sources of career information, but they are not available to individuals at all times.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 117). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. A
Future outlook. When researching employment opportunities in business, it is important to consider the future outlook for the type of career. Some careers in certain industries are growing and the future is good. However, careers in other industries are declining. Individuals should find out if there is growth potential or if a job will be phased out over the next few years. An example is an increase in service jobs but a decrease in manufacturing jobs. Vacation time and safety programs vary from business to business and are not major considerations when researching employment opportunities. The office environment is unique to each business. Individuals usually learn about the environment once they begin a job.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 61). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. C
Reduces taxes. Our society needs entrepreneurs because they create new jobs for us, help our economy to grow, save us money, and solve everyday problems. Entrepreneurship has no direct impact on the taxes that citizens and businesses are required to pay.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. D
The government. Public employment agencies are operated by either the state or the federal government. Businesses provide these agencies with information about their needs for workers, and the agencies pass the information on to job seekers who inquire. Some schools do help students to find jobs, but this service is not open to everyone. Private employment agencies charge a fee for their services. They may collect from both the employers/businesses seeking workers and the workers who find jobs through their services.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 35]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
97. C
Listen carefully. In order to answer questions adequately, an applicant should listen carefully to the interviewer. The applicant needs to understand exactly what the interviewer is asking. By listening carefully, an applicant will be able to respond with the proper information. Talking rapidly and responding quickly will not help applicants to answer questions adequately. Applicants should dress appropriately for job interviews, but that will not help them to answer questions unless they listen carefully and understand what is being asked.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-68]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. D
Express your interest in the job opening. A letter of application serves as a way to introduce yourself, express your interest in a job with the company, and briefly describe why you are a good candidate for the job. Because your résumé is enclosed with the letter, you should provide résumé highlights, and ask the reader to refer to the résumé for further details about your skills, experience, and education. Salary requirements are usually not addressed in the letter of application. The interviewer contacts the job applicant to schedule an interview after reviewing the applicant's letter of application and résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. A
Advances in technology. Advances in technology have eliminated the need for some jobs while creating a need for new jobs. Therefore, some employees need additional education and training to change careers and pursue different occupations because the jobs for which they were trained no longer exist. Workers usually do not need to continue their education and obtain training to pursue different careers because of increases in responsibility, changes in geography, or limits to confidentiality.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 101). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. A
To serve as a link between top-level and first-line management. Since mid-level management operates between top-level and first-line management, it provides the connecting link between the two. Mid-level management plans ways that the long-term objectives set by top-level management can be reached and assigns the projects to first-line management. Making sure that projects meet deadlines and preparing workers' daily schedules are responsibilities of first-level management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1054
Business Administration Core Exam
1. B
Corporation. A corporation would benefit the partners by allowing them to have limited liability and greater financial power by issuing stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons who combine the capital, but the partners have unlimited financial liability. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who has limited capital and unlimited liability. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. A
Evaluate the author's level of credibility. When conducting research for a business, it is important to consider the source's level of credibility. A person who has extensive knowledge of or expertise of a specific topic is more credible and more likely to present valid or reliable information. For example, an article about the side effects of a medication tends to be more credible if it was written by a doctor or pharmacist rather than if the article was written by a financial planner or mechanic. Although the timeliness of written material is a consideration, it is not related to the author's level of expertise. A researcher cannot always determine the author's level of emotional intelligence by reading a written document And, it is possible to possess a high level of knowledge about a subject and have low emotional intelligence. The way in which the article is written, rather the author's expertise, will impact the understandability of the information.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: University of Maine at Farmington. (2007, March 29). Use valid, credible sources for information. Retrieved July 6, 2011, from http://plagiarism.umf.maine.edu/valid.html
3. D
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or list former local competitors.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Locker, K.O., & Kaczmarek, S K (2007). Business Communication: Building critical skills (3rd ed.) [p. 307]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
4. C
Asking appropriate questions. A technique for effective listening that helps employees to follow directions is asking questions to clarify instructions. Asking questions helps keep the listener involved and Jets the speaker know if the listener understands the message. Interrupting is a barrier to effective listening. Watching other employees during the instructions and looking interested would not help the employee to learn.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3'' ed.) [p. 53]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. C
Correct grammar. Your image as an employee can be enhanced by your use of good grammar, rather than slang, and by your ability to communicate clearly and effectively with customers and fellow employees. Not all occupations require a knowledge of several languages. The use of technical terms, or jargon, is limited since it may be difficult for employees to master and for customers to understand. 
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovee, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 132-133]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
6. C
Anger. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that use gestures and facial expressions rather than the use of words. Nonverbal behavior can indicate what the sender and/or the receiver think about a message. If the recipient responds to a message by frowning and clenching his/her fists, it is likely that the message has made the recipient angry. Message recipients might cry or cover their faces with their hands 1f the message contains sad news. Smiling and jumping up and down usually indicate that a message contains good news, which Indicates joy. A message recipient might express nervousness by tapping their toes, shaking, twitching, or biting fingernails.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T, O'Connor, L, & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
7. B
If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer. Businesses receive inquiries from customers on a regular basis. In some situations, an employee may not know the answer to a customer's question. To provide good customer service, the employee should take the appropriate steps to obtain the requested information. This may involve verifying the price in the computer system or transferring a customer's telephone call to the sales department Guessing the price, stating that s/he does not know the price, and telling the customer to contact another person are not legitimate responses to inquiries and do not provide customers with good customer service.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R V , & Flatley, M.E (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 119-121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. C
Employees process information differently. Because there are different ways that people process information, it is important to consider those differences when providing employees with verbal directions. For example, audio learners are more comfortable with sound and dialog, so when giving directions, it IS beneficial to speak clearly and use terminology that the listeners can relate to. Sometimes this involves using a metaphor or simile to make a point Diagrams and pictures are often useful when providing directions to visual learners. For learners who are motion-oriented, demonstrating the activity often reinforces the verbal explanation and makes it easier for employees to understand. This might include an actual demonstration or a video of a demonstration. It's always a good idea to ask the employees if they understand the directions because they may be too embarrassed to ask questions-even if they are confused. Presenting the directions in reverse order may confuse the employees.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Bock, W. (2006, September 20). How to give better instructions. Retrieved July 6, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Give-Better-lnstructions&id=305933
9. C
Puts the group on a certain course. Though each person in the group has the ability to influence the others, there's usually a leader who puts the group on a certain course. The leader does not necessarily take the meeting minutes, nor does s/he have to follow up with everyone later. In addition, the group members do not have to agree, though they may.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
10. D
Are meaningful to the note-taker. Effective note.taking involves writing down the most important information or key points for future reference. Writing or typing key phrases, words, or symbols that are meaningful to the note-taker are ways of capturing the most important information. Because the notes are for personal use, they do not need to reflect proper punctuation and grammar or make sense to the speaker. Notes do not always include personal opinion and bias.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Student Planning Center. (n.d.). Effective note-taking. Retrieved July 6, 2011, from http:/isle.berkeley.edu/studystrategies/calren/notetaking1.html
11. B
Flowchart. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. Flowcharts use text in a graphic format to present activities and processes. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A pie chart is a graphic aid that shows the frequency or distribution of parts in relation to a whole concept. A bar chart compares two or more variables in a graphical format. A geographic map is an illustration that shows the physical attributes (i.e., mountains, rivers) of a location or region.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovee. C L, & Thill, JV (2008) Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 379]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. B
Understands. Using the correct words in written communication is one way for businesspeople to make sure that the receiver understands the message. Correct and accurate language usage generally conveys the intended message and makes it easier for people to understand. Using the correct words will not necessarily ensure that the receiver accepts, agrees with, or approves of the message.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Bovee, C L , & Thill, J V (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall
13. B
Enhances the writer's credibility. When a writer takes the time to follow the appropriate writing style and cite sources in a preferred format, it indicates that the writer has taken care to present the facts and findings in a meaningful way. As a result, the writer often increases his/her credibility or trustworthiness with the audience. Using the appropriate writing style does not ensure the writer's objectivity, nor does it reduce the need to edit content. The primary purpose of a research report is to present facts, results, and recommendations rather than providing the writer with a creative outlet.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovee, C L, & Thill, JV (2008) Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. A-21]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. A
Proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors. Although many people view e-mail as an informal method of communication, it is a vital communication tool in today's business world. Therefore, it is important to maintain a professional tone when developing business-related e-mails. The text in a professional e-mail should contain proper grammar and correct spelling. To ensure that the message does not contain spelling and grammatical errors, the businessperson should proofread the message and make necessary corrections before sending the message to the intended receiver. Only the most critical e-mail messages should be sent as high priority messages. Capitalizing all of the letters in the text often implies an angry tone, so this practice should be avoided. Although the subject line should be brief, it should contain enough information for the message recipient to determine the message content. If the subject line is too vague, the recipient may delete the message before reading it.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovee, C L , & Thill, J V (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. D
In the order of importance. Informational messages often contain a variety of information that has different levels of importance. When writing the message, it is important to present the information 1n the order of importance. Depending on the message, the information might be arranged in order of its importance to the reader. For example, it is more important to readers to learn that they will receive discounts on certain purchases than to learn that the bill will be mailed on a different date. Information should be presented in a specific manner so readers will clearly understand. Information should be explained thoroughly, wh1ch may not be the shortest way possible. Presenting information in a conversational way IS not always the most effective because a conversational tone is casual and may not present all the 1mportant information.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2006). Business and administrative communication (7'h ed.) [PP 152-153]. New York McGraw-Hill.
16. A
Two coworkers share their opinions about a new work protect during a coffee break. Informal communication involves a casual exchange of information. This information may or may not Include work- related issues. Coworkers who talk about work-related topics while on a coffee break are engaging in informal communication. Informal communication can be positive for businesses because employees often share new ideas that may benefit the business. Formal communication involves following a specific protocol or systematic process to transmit messages. The distribution of a press release and production schedule are methods of formal communication, as is conducting a training session for new employees. 
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Lesikar, R V , & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
17. B
Join in the discussion. For staff meetings to be effective, all employees should participate in the discussion. The purpose of staff meetings usually is to discuss issues that are of importance to the business, or to solve problems. Therefore, employees should join in the discussion rather than remain silent because their ideas and opinions are valuable. Employees should not comment on every detail. Employees should adequately explain their ideas, but it is not effective to start an argument with those who disagree.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) (pp 327-330]. Mason, OH South-Western.
18. A
Promoting good customer relations. Customer-relations guidelines provide strategies for employees to use in their dealings with customers. An example would be a guideline that the customer is always right. An effective customer-relations program aids in building repeat business. It may also attract new credit customers, but that is not its purpose. Bonuses, quotas, and commissions are used to motivate the sales force. Whether these techniques help to increase the level of gross margin would depend upon a number of other factors.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 179-184). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
19. B
Reduced complaints. Handling complaints costs businesses money because of the time involved, the possible loss of business, and refunds to customers. Customers who receive excellent service are less likely to have complaints. Rapid employee turnover, increased costs, and decreased employee morale are not benefits to businesses.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 51-54). Mason, OH: South-Western.
20. D
Ask a coworker or supervisor. If employees do not know the answers to customers' questions, they should try to find another employee who does. This person may be a coworker, supervisor, or an individual who works in another department If the customer needs detailed information that only a coworker or supervisor can provide, then the employee should explain this to the customer in a courteous manner. Telling a customer to call the department supervisor, directing the customer to the company's web site, and trying to answer the question without the appropriate knowledge are not actions that provide good customer service or satisfy the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B , Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (201 0) Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 588-589]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
21. A
Learn about Argentina's culture from reputable sources and adapt his communication style so that he doesn't do something that will offend the client To develop positive relationships with international clients, businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By doing so, businesspeople become aware of actions that a client might view as hospitable as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can then adapt their communication style to build positive business relationships. It is unlikely that Tom can learn to fluently speak a foreign language in a matter of weeks. In Tom's situation, he might want to try to learn key Spanish words and phrases, because Spanish is Argentina's native language. It would be unprofessional to ask the client to hire an interpreter; instead, Tom's employer should consider obtaining the services of an interpreter during the meeting. Telling Tom not to worry about language barriers and different social customs would be unwise because Tom might do something to offend the client And, it cannot be assumed that a client from another country knows about American customs.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L, & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3'' ed.) [pp. 30-31]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
22. D
Domineering/Superior. These customers are overly confident and feel that they know more and are better than the average person. They will often behave in an arrogant manner toward employees. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced that something is true. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to avoid paying for the good or service by deceiving the salesperson. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
23. D
Listen to the customer. The customer should be allowed to explain the entire complaint before anything else is done. In some cases, it is helpful to restate the complaint to ensure understanding. The customer may ask for a specific resolution to the problem, or the employee might ask the customer what s/he would like to have done. Determining the appropriate action to take cannot be done until the complaint has been clarified.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 52-53). Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. B
Industrial Almost all producers must buy goods and services to carry out their daily activities. Specialty, shopping, and convenience goods and services are types of consumer goods and services. These are items which are used by the ultimate consumer to satisfy his/her own personal wants.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. A
There are not enough available so that everyone can have as much of them as desired. People want or demand more resources than exist or can be produced easily. Economics is the study of satisfying unlimited wants with limited resources. Everyone has unlimited wants which change.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. B
High demand. A seller's market is the best time for producers to sell. It is characterized by large demand. small supply. and high prices. Equilibrium price is the price at which the quantity of a good that buyers want to buy. and the quantity that sellers are willing to sell at a certain price, are exactly equal.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—lt's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. C
Contributing to public interests. The business is exhibiting social responsibility by helping the community to combat a serious problem. Sponsoring a program to combat drug abuse is not an example of filling consumer needs, assisting with a fund-raiser, or teaching students marketing skills.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
28. B
Benefit programs. Socialist countries are often called welfare states because they provide so many programs for the public welfare. However, high taxes are necessary in order to provide funds for such social services as free medical care, education, and other benefits. Competition is limited since government owns or controls part of the means of production and distribution. Prices are high, but that does not mean higher profits for businesses because of the high taxes they must pay.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
29. D
Bonuses. A bonus is an ex1ra payment over and above salary given to an employee as a reward or incentive. Many businesses reward employees for efficient work habits through monetary bonuses and other rewards. Employees who work efficiently usually save money for the business, which in turn increases profits. A premium is an item a business offers free to the purchaser of a particular product Quotas are specific goals to be met Rebates are a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
30. B
Competition. This is the rivalry between two or more businesses for scarce customer dollars. Task specialization occurs when individuals become highly skilled in one, very small portion of a job. Monopolistic activity occurs when a market is controlled by one supplier, and no substitute products are readily available. Consumption is the process of using goods or services.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
31. A
Providing insurance. Government provides protection to business property by issuing patents, copyrights, and trademarks. Patents are legal protection of inventions or processes granted by the government to their owners for a certain number of years. Trademarks are symbols, designs, or words used by producers to identify goods or services and may be registered with the government to prevent use by others. Copyrights are legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for 28 years. Government does not provide businesses with property protection through insurance policies.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. A
Education. Better educated and trained workers are usually more productive workers. Their higher levels of productivity contribute to overall productivity Unskilled workers are usually less productive than trained workers. Population growth alone will not increase productivity. Labor unions are groups of workers who have Joined together for a common purpose to improve the terms and conditions under which employees work.
SOURCE: EC 013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. B
Visualization. Visualization is the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. Affirmation IS a positive statement about a present or desired strength. Self-concept is your image of yourself Self-esteem is how you feel about yourself at any given time.
SOURCE: El:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C A (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 219). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. B
Discrimination. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristic, e.g., race, religion, gender, age, etc. In this situation, the business may be guilty of discrimination for hiring an older man rather than a young woman if both have similar qualifications. It might be considered discrimination if the business is making the hiring decision mainly on the basis of age and gender. This is not an example of harassment, team conflict, or remedial action.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C A (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 222, 246-247). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. B
Ongoing. Assessing personal strengths and weaknesses is an ongoing process. You should start your assessment early in your career, but you need to review your strong and weak points regularly. Keep the strengths that are valuable, improve your weaknesses, and notice how your assessments change as you mature. It is not a competition; rather, it is just about you. It can sometimes be difficult as well.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: El LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths)
36. D
Leadership. Your ability to guide or direct the actions of others is leadership. This trait is much desired by employers. It is important to develop your leadership skills. Receptivity means openness to change and input from others. Dependability is reliability. The willingness to act without having to be told to do so is initiative.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: El LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
37. C
Cope with. An interested and enthusiastic perspective can do much to help you cope effectively with everyday problems and pressures. Although such an attitude does increase your tolerance, it does not result in the avoidance, elimination, or prevention of all difficulties.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R, & Masters, L A (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 187]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
38. B
Increased Initiative usually brings increased job responsibility. Increased job responsibility is just one benefit of demonstrating initiative. If you possess initiative, you are ready, willing, and able to both think and act on your own. You do not have to be prodded or urged to do so. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations, especially in the field of business. To be viewed as a person with Initiative, your willingness to think and act on your own should be reflected in all areas of your life. 
SOURCE: El:024
SOURCE: El LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
39. B
Honesty and integrity. Employees demonstrate their honesty and integrity when they refuse to violate the trust a company places 1n them. Many employees have access to some confidential information and should discuss 1t only as dictated by company policy. Intelligence is the individual's ability to learn, and Initiative is the willingness to act Without having to be told to do so. Orderly and systematic behavior results from being organized and following a plan. Communicating involves exchanging information. 
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, LS., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 221). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. D
Positive feedback. Positive feedback is praise or approval. It IS a favorable message that the receiver wants to hear. Negative feedback IS a message that is critical and the receiver may not enjoy hearing. Upward communication refers to an employee communicating to a supervisor. Nonverbal communication is communication without words.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: El LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. C
Adjust to change. Since change is a constant in life, people must learn to adjust to changes as they occur. Adapting is conforming rather than being disruptive. Adapting is not trying to control life or be obedient.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Wallace, HR., & Masters, L A (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 237]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. D
Take note of both the person's words and body language. To really understand how a person feels, listen to her/him with your eyes and your ears. Repeating everything that the person says does not convey empathy. Instead, it may be annoying to the person. In addition, interrupting and not paying attention indicate that you really aren't interested in what the person is saying.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: El LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
43. A
Presents only relevant information. Conciseness is presenting the facts clearly. A concise statement is clear and specific rather than vague. Concise statements do not contain a great many adjectives. Being concise is the opposite of being wordy.
SOURCE: El:007
SOURCE: Bovee, C.L., & Thill, J V (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 6]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
44. B
Reinforces your message. When you are trying to be assertive, it is important to use the right body language to reinforce your message. Your body language is a nonverbal way of being assertive. For example, leaning toward a person shows your interest, while crossing your arms over your chest shows that you do not like what you are hearing. Body language does not help you to relax. Body language is nonverbal communication rather than verbal communication. Body language can express that you are interested. but it can also express displeasure, boredom, anger, and a wide variety of emotions. 
SOURCE: El:008
SOURCE: El LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. B
Information. Businesses often need a great deal of information in order to make good decisions. Instead of expecting one employee to gather all the information needed, businesses use teams. Teams bring together employees with different kinds of knowledge, experience, skills, and strengths. Using teams often takes more t1me than if an individual made a quick decision. Using teams is not a way to obtain capital or materials.
SOURCE: El:045
SOURCE: OS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork Skills)
46. D
Determine how much money you have and how much you will need. When determining necessary resources to turn your vision into a reality, you must figure out what resources (such as money) you have available to you right now, as well as what resources you don't have, but will need in the future. It isn't enough to determine only how much money you already have or only how much you will need next year. It would be impossible, however, to predict how much you might need for the next 20 years.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: OS LAP 11—Picture This
47. A
Outperforming others. Juan is using outperforming others as his criteria for success-he wants to outsell everyone else at his company this year. In this scenario, Juan is not necessarily demonstrating leadership He is not concerned with past performance or trying something new; rather, he is focused on competition.
SOURCE: El:027
SOURCE: El LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
48. A
Resistance. Even though change is unavoidable, many people still want to try to keep it from happening. When you are leading change, you will almost always face some type of resistance or opposition. Resistance can occur at any point in the change process, so you'll need to be ready to address it at any time. Ambiguities are words or phrases with either a double meaning or a doubtful meaning. Compromise is a settlement of differences in which each side makes a concession. Negotiation is the process of one person reaching an agreement with another person to meet specific needs or wants. In many cases, compromise and negotiation are not possible because the change must occur as planned.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: OS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
49. D
Getting acquainted with coworkers helps you to·treat them fairly. In order to know what would be fair to coworkers, you first need to become acquainted with them. This doesn't mean that you should ask them personal questions but general questions that will provide a basis for understanding. It is not necessary to establish personal friendships with coworkers, but you should speak to them every day.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 243-246]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. C
Having a good attitude. Being enthusiastic about your job is an example of having a good attitude in the process of building positive working relationships. A positive attitude on the job means many things, including being enthusiastic, being optimistic and cheerful, and refusing to grumble or to complain. Being enthusiastic is not an example of getting to know others on your work team or being cooperative. It may go along with demonstrating courtesy and respect, but it is best as an example of having a good attitude. 
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: El LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. B
Savings or checking account. Debit cards are a common method of payment for goods and services. Issued by financial institutions (e.g., banks), a cardholder or business employee simply scans the card into a machine when purchasing a product. The information is transmitted to the appropriate location, and the funds are electronically transferred from the cardholder's savings or checking account. An expense account is an arrangement between an employee and the employer in which the employee keeps track of business-related expenses and reports them to the employer for reimbursement. Interest is the money payments for the use of borrowed money. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later.
SOURCE: Fl:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R, Dlabay, L.R, & Hughes, RJ. (2005) Personal finance (p. 162). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. B
A safe work environment. Accidents and their costs can be reduced considerably if businesses create safe work environments. Unsafe conditions can be prevented more easily than unsafe acts. Therefore, businesses should create safe work environments that prevent their employees from making hazardous mistakes. Comfortable lounge areas, attractive furnishings, and convenient lunch rooms are not factors that help prevent accidents and injuries.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B, Sobel, J, & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
53. C
Scarcity. Scarcity of resources has little to do with the time value of money. It's relevant to a discussion of pricing or economic resources. The time value of money is a measure of its opportunity cost, or what the spender is foregoing by spending now instead of saving. Interest rates are a measure of that opportunity cost. Future value is the value of money at some future point.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2008). Personal finance literacy (p. 68). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. C
Finance company. To receive cash in exchange for the Silvers' contract, the dealership dealt with a sales finance company. This is a business that purchases borrowers' contracts from sellers and receives the borrowers' payments. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members. It usually operates within a business or a labor union. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers. Most of the loans are for real-estate purchases. Commercial banks are full-service banks offering a variety of banking services, including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards.
SOURCE: Fl:002
SOURCE: Lowe, RE., Malouf, C A , & Jacobson, A.R. (2003). Consumer education & economics (5th ed.) [pp. 280-281]. New York Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. B
The balance of the loan owed. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person co-sign for the loan. A co-signer is responsible for paying back the loan if the borrower does not. The co-signer is legally responsible for paying the balance of the loan owed, including interest and principle. If the original loan was $5,000 plus interest, and the borrower defaulted after paying half of the loan, the co-signer would be responsible for paying the remaining half of the loan.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor J.R.. Dlabay, LR., & Hughes, R.J (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 181-182]. New York McGraw-Hill Irwin.
56. B
Like getting a free loan 1f you pay the balance each month. When you pay the balance on a credit card each month, you are getting what amounts to a free loan. A credit card is not a good way to pay for Impulsive purchases-impulsive purchases are usually a bad idea no matter how you pay for them. Credit cards are not an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period. Nowadays, easy access to credit cards is a growing problem.
SOURCE: Fl:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
57. C
Spending patterns. A budget is an estimate of what income and expenses will be for a specific time period. The expense section of a budget helps individuals review their spending patterns, which are the ways that they spend money. For example, a budget might indicate that a lot of money was being spent on convenience foods or casual clothing. This indicates a spending pattern that may need to be changed depending on the amount of income. Developing a personal budget will not enable individuals to review their insurance policy coverage, investment plans, or bank statements.
SOURCE: Fl:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, JR., Dlabay, LR., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 80-81). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
$519.83. To calculate Brad's gross earnings last week, add together the number of hours that he worked, excluding holiday hours (11 + 8 + 9.5 + 9 + 9 = 46.5). Nex1, determine his overtime hours by subtracting 40 from the total number of non-holiday hours he worked (46.5- 40 = 6.5). Calculate Brad's pay for the first 40 hours of his workweek by multiplying his regular pay by 40 hours ($8.70 X 40 = $348.00). Then, calculate his overtime hourly wage by multiplying his regular hourly pay by time and one-half ($8.70 X 1.5 =$13.05). Multiply his overtime hourly wage by the number of overtime hours worked ($13.05 X 6.5 = $84.83). Next, calculate his holiday pay per hour by doubling his regular hourly pay ($8.70 X 2 = $1740). Multiply his holiday pay per hour by the number of holiday hours worked ($1740 X 5 = $87.00). Finally, add together his regular pay,.his overtime pay, and his holiday pay to find his total gross earnings for the week ($348 00 + $84.83 + $87.00 = $519 83)
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Burton, S, & Shelton, N. (2005). Practical math applications (2nd ed.) [p. 162]. Mason, OH South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. C
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be·transferred from the check SOURCE: to the payee. There are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account The check cannot be cashed or placed into another account A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice-there are no restrictions placed on the funds transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: Fl:560
SOURCE: American Bankers Association. (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (pp. 22-24). Washington: Author.
60. A
Checks that have not cleared. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. In many cases, the balance will be different because checks have been written that have not cleared the bank. Therefore, these amounts will not appear on the bank statement To verify the actual amount in the account, it is necessary to subtract the checks that have not cleared from the balance listed on the bank statement When reconciling bank statements, it is not necessary to consider the number of transactions, services not available online, or the types of payroll deposits
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor. J R, Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, RJ., & Hoyt, WB (2005) Business and personal finance (p. 147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. D
Validating their credit history. Individuals often validate their credit history before applying for additional credit to make sure that the information in the history is accurate. In some cases. individuals may want to provide additional information to more fully explain their income status if the credit history does not include all sources of income. Also, if there was a history of late payments for a certain account, individuals might want to explain that the charges were in dispute and that the matter has been resolved. Adding additional information often helps to answer questions related to an individual's credit history. Individuals usually do not provide additional information about their income status and payment history when opening a checking account, estimating their tax liability, or hiring a financial planner.
SOURCE: Fl:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R, Dlabay, L.R, Hughes, RJ., & Hoyt, WB. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 174-175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Use secure web browsers when purchasing online. Identity theft occurs when an individual obtains and uses another person's information (e.g., credit cards) without that person's consent To reduce the risk of identity theft, people should use secure web browsers to make purchases. Because Internet sales transactions often require a person to provide credit-card information, it is important to make sure that the web browsers are secure. Using secure web sites reduces the risk of computer hackers obtaining confidential information for fraudulent purposes. Another way to reduce the risk of identity theft is to memorize passwords. If a personal planner is stolen, the risk of identity theft goes up because the passwords are written down. Also, people should not share bank account numbers with others. When more people know an individual's banking information, the risk of identity theft increases. Everyday cash transactions do not require a purchaser to provide personal information and, therefore, do not pose a high risk for identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J R, Dlabay, L.R, & Hughes, RJ. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 181-183) New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. D
A retail bank. Retail banks provide a variety of financial services, including savings and checking accounts for individuals. Opening a savings account with a properly insured bank will provide Patrick with a safe place to keep his money, and he will earn interest on the money that he places in his savings account. Patrick will also be able to remove money to pay bills without incurring the financial penalties he might experience if he borrowed money from his retirement fund. Investing in the stock market involves risk; however, Patrick may earn dividends on stocks that perform well. A holding company (parent company) is a business that owns the majority Qf another company's shares of stock.
SOURCE: Fl:075
SOURCE: lnvestopedia. (2011). Retail banking. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/retailbanking.asp
64. A
Pay for the right to own something. With an ownership investment, investors pay for the right to own something. When they do this, they may buy a home to live in, collect popular items, or even invest in multiple corporations through stock mutual funds.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
65. B
Accounting information. Managers use accounting information to make financial decisions that affect the business. They decide how to spend the business's money based on the accounting information. Schedules are useful 1n determining the most effective use of time. Standards may be used to ensure quality control. Policies are guidelines used in decision making.
SOURCE: Fl:085
SOURCE: Fl LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
66. D
Determining need. The first task in the HR management activity of staffing is determining need. A company cannot fill JOb positions w1th appropriate employees until it knows exactly where human resources are lacking. Determining JOb descriptions, recruiting, and screening and selecting applicants are all staffing activities that occur after need has been determined.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. A
Publicity. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from it. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Retailing involves buying goods and selling them to the final user.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your WayI (Nature of Marketing)
68. A
"Home foreclosures"; Arkansas; years: 2000 OR 2010. When quotes are put around phrases, search engines will select only those websites containing the exact phrase. By putting Arkansas within the quotes, you would delete results that had Arkansas appearing after the phrase home foreclosures. Adding the year's designation before 2000 OR 2010, lets the computer know that you are not searching for footage, phone numbers, etc. By using OR rather than AND, the results will contain one or the other years; they would not need to contain both years for the websites to appear in the results.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com: (2011). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http:Ilwww.google.com/support/websearch/bin/static.py?page=guide.cs&guide=1221265&answer=136861
69. C
A government agency. A government agency, such as the Bureau of Labor Statistics, should contain unbiased, accurate information. A term paper and a personal blog would probably be biased based on the writer's viewpoint. Although Wikipedia is an open SOURCE: of information that is constantly updated, you might have received wiki information when It was inaccurate.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Claudia Chan, C., Leung, J., & Miu, S. (2008). Reliable websites: How to sort out the trustworthy sites and the dishonest ones. Retrieved September 21, 2009, from http:1lwww.slideshare.netlguest4041d/reliable-websites-presentation
70. D
Value. Money is the most common medium of exchange in society. People exchange money for goods and services that they want The price, or the amount of money a person is willing to pay for the product, communicates the product's value or worth. Income is money reSOURCE: owners receive for supplying goods and services. Market is a customer or potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. Attributes are a product's characteristics.
SOURCE: Fl:060
SOURCE: Clark, 8 . Sobel. J , & Basteri. C G (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 34). Tinley Park, IL Goodheart -Willcox.
71. A
Large amounts of related data. Database programs are computer software applications that are used to collect and sort many types of Information. Information stored in databases help businesses to organize customer lists and financial information, track products and shipments, and catalog various records, such as personnel files. Internet search engines are software programs that automatically crawl the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and display a list of results. Problem-solving skills refer to a person's ability to find alternatives to achieve a desired outcome. Skills are not managed through a computer program. Databases can track customers' buying habits but cannot manage what customers will purchase.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Farese, L S , Kimbrell, G , & Woloszyk, C A (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p.163]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Keyboard. Computer keyboards are used to type or place text, numbers, and graphics into the computer. A keyboard is an essential item for inputting data into a computer system. Printers allow the user to print (or copy or scan) documents and graphics from the computer. The hardware consists of the central processing unit, hard drive, and modem. Software programs are installed in the computer and instruct the computer to perform certain operations.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (2011). Operating system. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http://www.webopedia.comfTERM/O/operating_system.html
73. A
Operating system. An operating system runs the computer, serving as a go between for hardware and software applications. In addition, the operating system provides security for the computer system. A server is any combination of hardware or software designed to provide services to clients. Application software is software that enables the users to perform specific tasks, such as word processing. A computer's hard drive is the element of the system that stores software applications, the operating system, and other data.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (2011). Operating system. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http://www.webopedia.comfTERM/O/operating_system.html
74. C
Including it as a file attachment or by pasting it into the body of the e-mail. If the sender is unsure of the receiver's ability to read a document type, pasting the document into the e-mail is the best choice. If maintaining the format is important and the sender knows the receiver can read the document type, a file attachment is best While rekeying is a possibility, the amount of time required makes this a poor choice. Hyperlinks lead to places on the World Wide Web or to other places in the document, so cannot be used to locate a file on either a local or network computer.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Microsoft Corporation. (2010, September 9). Compose and send e-mail messages using Outlook Express. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http:i/support.microsoft.com/kb/2406757
75. D
Dictionary. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. An advantage of using these programs to write business letters, memos, reports, etc., is that the programs usually contain a dictionary that allows the user to check the spelling of words. The dictionary feature helps users to avoid mak1ng spelling mistakes in important business documents. Spreadsheet software programs have the capability of performing calculations. Graphics software programs allow users to create flowcharts. 
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L S., Kimbrell, G , & Woloszyk, C A (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Transition. The transition tool provides a variety of ways for slides to move smoothly from one to the next The effects tool is used to determine how the text or graphics will appear within the slide. Animation is the overall term for creating movement 1n the presentation. Formatting is the tool for creating the overall look of the presentation.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: FYI Center. (2011). What are slide transition effects? Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http://windows.fyicenter.com/888_Tools_PowerPoint_What_Are_SIide_Transition_Effects.html
77. B
Operating expenses. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses often use spreadsheet software to analyze operating expenses on a monthly or yearly basis. Businesses are able to enter figures for each category of expense for each month, and the software calculates the percentage of increase or decrease. This enables businesses to regularly monitor their expenses and determine if they are spending more than budgeted and make the necessary adjustments. Businesses use database software to manage personnel records and word-processing software to prepare technical reports and advertising plans. 
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, LS., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C A (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199-200) Woodland Hills, CA Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. C
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Because accounts payable, accounts receivable, and general ledger applications are related or interdependent accounting activities, the company should purchase an integrated accounting software package. Marketing intelligence involves obtaining and analyzing information about the target market Engineers use engineering design software to develop various products and structures. Customer identification and preferences are often elements of customer- relationship management integrated software.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Choon Kow, K. (2008, May 22). Integrated accounting software with SOURCE: code. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http:l/ezinearticles.com/?lntegrated-Accounting-Software-With-Source-Code&id=1194327
79. B
Increase efficiency. Groupware computer applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. When employees have.easy access to the information they need to do their jobs, their efficiency and productivity levels increase because they do not need to go to other locations (work stations) to obtain what they need. The primary advantage in using groupware applications does not boost a business's liability or reduce its competition.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http:l/www.web-conferencing-zone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
80. C
Logistics Logistics refers to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. This includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing and transporting goods. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Safety and security has to do with protecting customers and employees from hazardous materials and processes Maintenance and repairs has to do w1th keeping facilities and equipment in working order. 
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. B
Safety training. Safety training is formal instruction about ways to prevent danger or injury Businesses can reduce the nsk of accidents by instructing employees about how to use equipment properly, how to spot hazardous conditions, and what procedures to follow if safety is compromised. Supply manuals will not reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace No evidence exists that ties a person's weight to accident reduction. Electronic data interchange (EDI) enables businesses and their vendors to maintain up-to-date inventory mformation.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2005). Small business handbook: Small business safety and health management series. Retrieved July 7, 2011, from http://www.osha.gov/Publications/small business/small-business.pdf
82. C
Government agency. Service businesses must follow certain procedures to ensure the safety and health of both their customers and their employees. The government establishes health and safety laws to protect the well-being of anyone who enters the business. A service business that does not follow the laws could be endangering customers and employees. If this occurs, the appropriate government agency should be contacted so that corrective action can be taken to prevent accidents or illness. The local chamber of commerce, the utilities commission, and the regional risk coalition are not organizations that handle violations of health and safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Paster, Tara. (2007). The HACCP food safety training manual (pp. 122-124). Hoboken, NJ John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
83. A
Ask questions. When it comes to safety, no question is stupid, and the consequences of not asking, such as pretending to understand or complaining to friends, could be serious. Although many safety rules are based on common sense, employees need to fully understand their employer's rules and procedures.
SOURCE: OP 007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
84. D
Computer systems. Computer systems consist of the hardware and software components that enable computers to function. One of their purposes is to store information for future use. Scanners are input devices that can read text or illustrations on paper and translate the information into a form the computer can use. The scanner, itself, does not store information, but enables computers to store it. Display screens, or monitors, display the characters being keyed into the computer; they are not storage devices. CD-ROMs are written during their manufacturing process; they cannot be used to store business information since they are Read Only devices.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Anatomy of a digital computer. (n.d.). July 11, 2011 from http://www.nios.ac.in/srsec330/330L1.pdf
85. B
Shoplifting. Shoplifting is the theft of goods by customers. Customers may steal goods from counters, displays, dressing rooms, or any place they find items. Security devices help prevent or reveal these thefts. Pilferage is the theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items from the business by an employee. Burglary is illegal entry into a building to commit a theft. Fraud is deceiving or cheating a business out of money or property.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C , & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 185, 187-188). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. D
Bid analysis. Businesses compare the prices offered by different vendors for the same goods and services in order to decide from whom to make the purchase Analyzing the bids allows businesses to find out which vendor is offering the best price. Price fixing involves businesses' agreeing on prices of their products resulting in little choice for the consumer. Receipt of goods is the arrival of the order at its destination. Invoice payment is paying for the goods once they have been received.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
87. A
Make them competitive with similar products. Updating or altering an existing product is a good way to compete effectively with similar products produced by other companies. Changing products is usually much less expensive than creating new products. Updated or altered products are not new products but new versions of old products. Changing products does not help the business to plan quantities smce it does not know how well the revised product will selL Being able to use a known production process would not be a valid reason for updating or altering products.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. C
Change your habits. You'll have to break the old habits that got you into the mess you just cleaned up. This will require conscious effort on your part until it becomes a way of life. Being organized should mean that you don't have to work as hard to get things done as you did before. You should not need to reorganize frequently or to have help in staying organized.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L A (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. A
Persevere. Perseverance is the ability to keep at something until it is finished. John was set on his goal, and he kept at it until it was achieved. John's career goal was a long-term goal rather than a short-term goaL John developed higher self-esteem because he achieved his goaL John's goal was very clear, not vague.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. B
Personal. Cameron's stress over his parents' divorce is a personal problem. Personal problems are those that affect you and those close to you, such as family members. Personal problems often result in feelings of confusion and affect other areas of your life. These problems follow you to school and work, and you feel them with you wherever you go. Cameron's problem may affect his relationships with friends, his time at school, and his work; but it is a personal problem at its core.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
91. D
Aptitude. An aptitude is a natural ability to learn something. It is an inborn talent that can be developed by the individual. Each individual has different aptitudes that s/he should identify in order to choose an appropriate career. The application of an aptitude generally occurs when there is a need for the skill or a reason to use it on the job.
SOURCE: PO:013
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L A (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 413-415]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. C
Harassment. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual. Harassment includes teasing and making fun of people, especially if those actions upset the employees to the point that they don't want to go to work or can't perform productively. Employees have the right to expect that they will be treated fairly at work, which includes being free from harassment. Employees also have the right to report acts of harassment to management and to obtain immediate relief. Criticism is an analysis of something or someone that identifies any shortcomings. Intolerance, or bigotry, is the inability to see others as equals. Partiality Involves g1v1ng special treatment to one person rather than treating everyone equally.
SOURCE: PO:021
SOURCE: Ludden, L. (2003). Job savvy: How to be a success at work (3rd ed.) [pp.136-137]. Indianapolis, IN: JIST.
93. A
Job requirements. Individuals currently employed in specific occupations are often good sources of Information about those JObs and their requirements. These employees perform the required tasks on a da1ly basis and can explain the jobs to others. They can provide details about what the jobs actually entail and describe an average workday. Employees in specific fields might not have information about referral programs, placement services, or industry statistics.
SOURCE: PO:022
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003.) Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 33]. Thomson/South-Western.
94. C
Merchandising. Bo's career is in the area of merchandising. Merchandising careers involve marketing activities that are focused on efficient and effective product planning, selection, and buying for resale. Bo does not work in professional selling, marketing research, or corporate/general management. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, such as designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. Careers in corporate/general management focus on planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating part or all of a business organization through the allocation and use of financial, human, and material resources.
SOURCE: PO:025
SOURCE: PO LAP 15—Go For ltl (Careers in Business)
95. B
Passion for. Successful entrepreneurs are all passionate and enthusiastic about what they are doing. They enjoy their work, and they often start their·businesses so that they can share their natural talents, interests, or hobbies with others. Successful entrepreneurs do not have concerns or reservations about what they are doing; if they did, they wouldn't have started their businesses in the first place. Entrepreneurs certainly are not apathetic or indifferent about what they are doing; they are dedicated to it.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PO LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. A
Reason for leaving previous job. Most employment applications ask why you left previous Jobs. The answer should be positive and not in any way critical of a former employer. Common reasons for leaving previous JObs include accepting a better position, returning to school, or because the JOb was a seasonal position that ended. The question about eligibility to work in this country usually appears in the personal Information section. Questions about course of study completed are contained in the education section. The question about availability to begin work is usually in a general section about the type of job desired. 
SOURCE: PO:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
97. B
I have skills that this company could use. Recognizing and appreciating your own skills gives you self- confidence and helps you to present yourself well in a job interview. All of the other alternatives represent an over-confident or cocky attitude that is likely to make a negative impression on the interviewer. 
SOURCE: PO:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-69]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. C
Schedule an interview. Applicants write letters to businesses in the hopes of obtaining an interview and ultimately a JOb. One way of getting an interview is for applicants to specify in their letters a time that they will call to discuss the possibility of scheduling an interview. Taking the initiative often helps Job applicants obtain the interviews they need. By law, job applicants do not need to provide personal information about age, marital status, children, etc. Therefore, it is unlikely that an applicant would call to provide unrequested information. It would be inappropriate for job applicants to call in order to discuss salary and benefits or ask questions about the company.
SOURCE: PO:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G, & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126) New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
Work experience. Many young people have limited paid work experience, and many of these jobs may be in areas unrelated to their career goals. One way to obtain valuable work experience is to serve as a volunteer in a specific industry or for a business-related organization. Volunteer work refers to activities or tasks that a person performs without pay. Although responsibilities might be menial in nature, the experience provides the volunteer with insight as to how business operates and what is expected of employees. Volunteers usually do not receive monetary compensation, technical training, or guidance counseling.
SOURCE: PO:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 27, 518). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. C
Planning. Top executives have the responsibility for planning a company's direction, which involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. In a large company, the president is not likely to be directly involved with coaching employees or the production of products. The president's only involvement with hiring would be hiring management personnel.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1061
Business Administration Core Exam
1. A
Business-format franchise. A business-format franchise operates under a trade name and offers the opportunity for many people to become their own bosses while helping companies expand more efficiently. Product trade-name franchises offer an agreement to stock and sell a specific or exclusive line of goods. General partnership agreements are designed to combine capital, experience, and the abilities of two or more people. Limited partnerships are designed for two or more people who want limited liabilities.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
2. D
Reading. The first step in applying written directions to achieve tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. Therefore, reading for understanding and meaning is an important step. Employees should listen if the directions are given verbally rather than in writing. If employees do not understand the written directions, they might speak to a manager and ask questions for clarification. However, they should first read the directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. B
Employee handbook. Businesses often develop employee handbooks that provide information about their general policies and procedures. For example, a business might outline overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they first start their jobs. Productivity manuals, customer newsletters, and personnel records are not sources that workers use to obtain information about a company's general policies and procedures for employees.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human reSOURCE: management (10th ed.) [pp. 529-530]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
4. A
Ask questions. Before employees can follow directions, they must understand them. Therefore, asking questions is important because supervisors do not always give directions in a clear and concise manner. If employees are not sure of what is expected, they should ask. Taking the time to completely understand the directions will help employees to do the work correctly and efficiently. Reviewing notes may not be helpful if employees have written down incorrect directions. Employees are not expected to do the research; researching is the responsibility of supervisors. Before employees can practice tasks, they need accurate directions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
5. A
Respect of coworkers. Being able to listen effectively is an important skill in the world of work. Employees who listen to others and try to understand what they are saying usually are able to respond appropriately. The benefit is that they earn the respect of coworkers because they take the time to try to truly understand what others are saying. As a result, they are able to answer questions, complete job assignments correctly, and assist coworkers when necessary. Being able to listen effectively might lead to a promotion but does not guarantee it. Being able to listen effectively does not necessarily mean that employees will have access to management. Employees who listen effectively often have more responsibility rather than fewer assignments.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 55, 57]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. C
Tone of voice. People can change the meaning of their words by changing their tone of voice. For example, the same words can be a request or a command depending upon the tone used to deliver them. Tempo is the rate of speed or rhythm the speaker uses. Economy of speech is using as few words as possible to express an idea. Accuracy refers to the correctness of the message.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 74-76]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. B
Empathetic. Being empathic is acting according to an intellectual identification with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. It is often helpful to imagine yourself in your friend's place, to try to understand how s/he feels. By doing so, you often gain insight and can better help your friend by providing thoughtful advice. If you are too formal, judgmental, or businesslike with a friend, you may come across as uncaring, and you may offend your friend.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
8. D
Others may have different opinions. When defending their ideas, employees should keep in mind that others might not agree with the ideas or may have different opinions. If this happens, employees need to remain objective and clearly explain their ideas and provide supporting information. Being calm and logical is often the best way to defend ideas to others who have different opinions. Managers usually ask questions because they want to clarify information and make sure they understand the ideas. Employees' objectively defending their ideas usually does not result in office conflict. If employees understand their ideas, it should not be difficult to explain the data.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 288-289]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
9. B
Being a good listener requires active listening skills. In order to be a good listener while handling telephone calls, you need to learn to shut out distractions, put aside what you are working on, and focus on what the speaker is saying. This is not a natural skill, but it is one that can be learned through practice. There will still be times when, no matter how carefully you listen, you will have to ask questions.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 79, 85-87]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. D
Mind-mapping programs. Mind-mapping computer programs help individuals organize a lot of information in a meaningful way. Some web sites, such as Bubbl.us and Mindmeister, provide mind-mapping programs free of charge. After mapping out the information in a logical order, the writer can then prepare the report in a clear, understandable way. Index cards are manual tools for organizing information. Statistical applications record numerical data. Online survey services (e.g., SurveyMonkey.com) allow users to prepare, distribute, and analyze online questionnaires.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: NovaMind. (n.d.). Mind Mapping Software. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://www.novamind.com/
11. A
Reading the text aloud. By reading the text aloud, Lana will not only see the text, she will hear it. By hearing the words, Lana can detect missing words and assess the clarity and sequence of the information. Reading text backwards helps detect misspelled words, punctuation errors, and some grammatical errors, but this activity does not help the editor clarify that content is logical and meaningful.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Pantejo, C. (2007, October 4). Four simple steps to effective editing and proofreading. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://www.articlesbase.com/writing-articles/four-simplesteps-to-effective-editing-and-proofreading-226584.html
12. C
Regards. A closing is the point in which the writer ends a letter with a word of farewell just before signing his/her name. When writing business letters, closings are usually neutral, professional, and friendly. Closings such as "regards" and "sincerely" are common ways to end business letters. THX is an initialism that represents the word thanks. Initialisms are not appropriate to use to close formal business letters. A writer might use "greetings" to open an informal letter and use "affectionately" to close a letter to a friend, family member or significant other.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 93]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. D
Come right to the point. The opening paragraph of a business letter should explain the reason for writing and come right to the point. Effective business letters do not waste the reader's time by providing a lot of unnecessary information, but they immediately come to the point and capture the reader's attention. The letter does not need to be formal, but it should contain specific details and have personal appeal for the reader.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A K., Steinauer, M H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 313]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. B
To sell products. One reason why businesses write informational messages is to sell products to customers. Businesses often develop sales letters that explain their goods and services and send these letters to prospective or current customers. The sales letters include important information about the business and its products and are intended to encourage customers to buy. Letters and memos are types of informational messages. Businesses identify customers before sending them informational messages.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 283]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
15. D
Letters of inquiry. The function of a letter of inquiry usually is to make a request. Businesspeople often write letters of inquiry to request an appointment with a current customer, a potential customer, or a business associate, particularly if those people are located out of town. For example, a businessperson might write several letters requesting appointments with various customers before arranging a sales trip. Persuasive messages are intended to encourage others to take action rather than to make a request. Sales letters are a type of persuasive message. Corporate memorandums are internal forms of communication.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 604]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. B
Staff. Messages for all employees are considered staff communication. This is a form of downward communication in which information is presented to employees by management. Upward communication occurs when employees present information to management. Informal communication is the unofficial exchange of information among members of an organization. Lateral, or horizontal, communication involves the exchange of information between employees on the same level.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. A
Gathers necessary information. Before the meeting takes place, Sam should gather information and prepare notes for the meeting, so that he can provide necessary input or feedback that his supervisor has requested. If Sam attends the meeting and does not have the correct information, he may lose credibility with his supervisor and coworkers in terms of his job performance. Having handouts for meeting participants and obtaining feedback from others may not be necessary for Sam to provide. Minutes are a formal method of note taking that document the discussion, vote taking, and problem resolution that occur during the meeting. A specific person usually writes the minutes during the meeting.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
18. A
Courtesy from salespeople. Many customers don't complain about the treatment they receive, but they don't return to the business to shop. A lack of parking, advertised items, or customer-service personnel could also be detrimental to a business, but they are not likely to have as much impact on the customer as an encounter with a rude or indifferent salesperson.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 21). Mason, OH: South-Western.
19. D
Greater profits. Businesses that provide good customer service usually retain their current customers. Since it is much less costly to retain current customers than to find new ones, greater profits are usually the result. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas that is not paid for by the company which benefits from it. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Season is a certain time of year.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 620]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
20. A
Customers' confidence in the business increases. Customers' confidence in a business grows when the business provides accurate answers to their product questions. They feel the sales staff are knowledgeable, which also gives customers more confidence in the products they buy. Customers are less likely to need to return products when their questions about those products have been answered, and their total purchases are more likely to increase than decrease. Customers may need to ask fewer questions when their inquiries are handled in an effective manner.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 588-589]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
21. D
Treat customers fairly. Management establishes policies that help employees to deal with customers in the same way for the same situation in order to be fair. Customers who are not treated fairly may take their business elsewhere. Businesses do not develop policies to treat customers differently, to offer special privileges, or to give personal favors.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Wolfe, L. (n.d.). How to develop outstanding customer service policies. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://womeninbusiness.about.com/od/businessplans/a/q-customersvc.htm
22. A
By identifying the customer's real needs. Product-related complaints often occur when customers make improper buying decisions. Salespeople should try to identify the customer's real needs so that s/he can suggest the most appropriate product. High-pressure selling techniques are never recommended and would likely cause complaints. Salespeople may not be able to advise from personal experience in all cases, and their advice may not be appropriate for the particular customer. Approaching customers promptly is a good idea but will not prevent them from having product-related complaints.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 52). Mason, OH: South-Western.
23. A
Thorough knowledge of the products. Employees have the most contact with customers and are the ones who often project the image of the company. Employees can reinforce a positive image by having thorough knowledge of the business's products so they can effectively explain the products to customers. Well-informed employees are able to answer questions correctly and reassure customers that they are making the right buying decision. On the other hand, poorly-informed employees project a negative image because they do not have a thorough knowledge of the products. Employees do not reinforce the company's image by having comfortable work stations, generous pay and benefit plans, or full access to customer databases.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N, LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2008). Professional selling: A trust-based approach (4th ed.) [p. 42]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
24. A
People, ages 25-55, who lack technological skills. This group of people is needed to fill jobs in the technology area. Since they are the core of the work force, a lack of skills would create problems. All of the other groups would contribute to our leadership in technology.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. C
Scarce. Resources, goods, and services that are available in limited quantities have more value than those items that are plentiful. A scarcity creates more demand and also a higher price. For example, a small wheat harvest would increase the price of bread. Resources, goods, and services that are abundant, inexpensive, and unlimited are readily available and, therefore, less valued.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. B
Demand. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that buyers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Producers try to balance supply with demand so that neither a surplus nor a shortage will occur. Supply is the quantity of a good or service that sellers are able and willing to offer for sale at a specified price in a given time period. Cost of production is the total expenses associated with producing a product. Standard of living is the quality of life and general conditions to which people are accustomed.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. C
Undeveloped. Traditional economic systems are found only in undeveloped countries where there is little or no government involvement in either the production or the allocation of goods and services. In a traditional system, people produce what they can, and everything is consumed. Industrial and established countries have more complicated economic systems that may involve government regulations, competition, or free enterprise. Independent countries include all countries that are self-governed.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 54-55). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. D
Poverty. Private enterprise is the most productive economic system the world has ever known, but it does have some disadvantages. Property and income are not distributed equally, and poverty has not been eliminated. There are still many people who are not able to afford the basic necessities of life because they hold low-paying jobs or are unemployed. The private enterprise system promotes competition, freedom, and profit.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
29. D
Profit motive. The profit motive is the hope of making a profit that serves as an incentive for individuals to assume risks involved in investing in business. It is a goal toward which an individual or a business can work. Competition is the rivalry among two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Private property is anything of value that is owned by an individual or a business. Supply and demand work together to determine prices.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
30. B
Price and nonprice. Most businesses use a combination of price and nonprice competition. For example, a business is using price competition when it advertises a special sale. It is using nonprice competition when it advertises its delivery service. When the business uses the two together, it is combining price and nonprice competition. A business advertising a special sale and delivery service is not using a combination of direct and indirect, perfect and monopolistic, or local and national competition.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
31. A
Interstate highways. Public goods are goods and services that are used by all people and cannot be withheld from those who don't help to pay for them. Marketing research, automobiles, and private schools are goods and services provided by private businesses.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. A
Most businesses try to increase productivity. Increased productivity provides greater profits for the business and enables it to compete more effectively. Businesses can increase productivity in several ways, such as providing updated equipment, training employees, and paying fair wages. Productivity is important to a business and can be measured in a variety of ways. One way is to measure the monetary value of work produced. Reduced productivity would probably mean higher prices.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. A
Accurately assess his emotions. Paul was not evaluating his emotions correctly. He thought he was just fine, but he wasn't. Paul needed to accurately assess his emotions so that he could boost his selfconfidence. In this case, he did not need to display empathy for another's emotions or exhibit a positive attitude. Empathy is part of social awareness, and a positive attitude is part of self-management. Paul was at the self-awareness step.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. A
"I do not put off for tomorrow what I can do today." This is a positive affirmation because it incorporates an avenue to complete things on time. Affirmations are positive statements about present or desired strengths. The other examples are negative statements.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Sasson, R. (2011). The power of affirmations. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://www.successconsciousness.com/index_00000a.htm
35. C
Interests. Interests are the things that a person is curious about, concerned for, or involved with. When assessing their personal strengths and weaknesses, people often identify their interests because interests are strong points that might lead to appropriate occupations. For example, an individual works on the school newspaper, likes to create posters for upcoming events, and belongs to the English club. These interests are this person's strengths. After assessing personal strengths and weaknesses, individuals might select suitable careers. Assessing personal strengths and weaknesses does not involve identifying benefits or risks.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths)
36. B
Joyce should work on one trait at a time. If she tries to work on improving all three traits at the same time, she probably will not follow through on any of them. It would be a mistake for Joyce to ignore her supervisor's comments as these are meant to help Joyce. Asking for a transfer will simply postpone any efforts to improve.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
37. B
Happiness. An enthusiastic attitude increases your personal happiness and satisfaction and will help you to enjoy life more. It should serve to reduce the amount of stress that you experience. Your enthusiasm may prompt your supervisor to increase your responsibilities, thereby improving the overall importance and quality of your work experience. Being enthusiastic will not increase your problems or your skills.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 187, 236-237]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
38. C
Demonstrate initiative on a regular basis. Initiative is a personal trait expressed by a consistent pattern of behavior. To be viewed as a person with initiative, you must demonstrate that trait regularly over a period of time. Telling people that you have initiative, practicing initiative from time to time, or cooperating with those who have initiative would not be sufficient.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
39. D
"I told my supervisor I would work on Friday nights, so I will be here Friday." Employees who do what they say they will do are demonstrating responsible behavior. Making excuses is not acceptable, and employees should assist each other. Supervisors should be consulted when there are problems with difficult customers. Employees should be willing to perform extra job duties in addition to their regular duties.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
40. C
Body language. Body language is gestures, facial expressions, posture, eye contact, or any other form of communicating without words. The body language you use reveals as much about what you are thinking as the words you use. A service attitude is the salesperson's commitment to the client's needs as expressed through professional behavior. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
41. D
Cultural sensitivity. Cultural sensitivity involves being aware of, and accommodating to, the differences in the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. Workers who are employed by international businesses must deal with people throughout the world, and they need to be sensitive to their differences in order to be successful. For example, businesspeople in some countries greet each other with a bow rather a handshake, while others may hug when they meet. Being sensitive to such differences enables businesspeople to succeed in a global market. Economic nationalism is a type of protectionism that discourages imports. International businesses should not exhibit regional behavior, which may be limiting, in order to be successful in a global market.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
42. C
Some people do not know how to be assertive. Some individuals have simply never learned how to behave assertively. They may confuse assertiveness with aggressiveness and fear it will cause conflict or embarrassment. Assertiveness can improve bad situations because assertive people speak openly which may "clear the air." People sometimes fail to assert themselves because they cannot accept their personal rights.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
43. C
Functional. Functional conflict exists when people disagree about something tangible or concrete. Often, the people involved agree on a goal but have different approaches to the situation. Coworkers disagreeing about the best way to solve a problem are involved in functional conflict. They agree that the problem must be solved, but they disagree about the best way to do this. Emotional conflict arises when people have different personal beliefs, values, or experiences. Intangible and specific are not types of conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
44. C
Work team. A work team is a group of employees which is responsible for carrying out an entire work process. This might include all the steps in producing a product, performing a service, or running a section of the business. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project. A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as obtaining speakers for a conference.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Gido, J., & Clements, J.P. (2003). Successful project management (2nd ed.) [p. 324]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
45. A
They require hard work and determination. Visions require hard work and determination if you want to make them into reality. You will most likely encounter many setbacks along the way, and your vision will keep you on track. Visions are not exactly the same as dreams. You might dream of becoming a billionaire by the end of the year, but that isn't a vision because visions are realistically attainable. Many visions can and have permanently changed the world. Visions are not intended for the short-term future; rather, most visions will be turned into reality over a long period of time.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This
46. C
Levels of stress. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. When people are not willing to adapt to new situations, they often feel higher levels of stress. Fighting or ignoring new circumstances can increase stress, which can harm a person's health and well-being. Resisting change does not necessarily affect an individual's ability to reason or use logic. When a person learns how to adapt to change, s/he may feel content or a sense of accomplishment by accepting the change. Being adaptable often helps a person to relax, which can facilitate creative thinking and learning.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens (Adaptability)
47. A
Do things more efficiently. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more efficiently than they have ever been done before. They are driven to achieve their goals and meet or exceed a high standard of success. They do not like to be told what to do or to let others win. They are not satisfied with the status quo—the way things are. They are constantly seeking to improve.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
48. A
Celebrate success. The final step in the process of leading change is celebrating success. The change process can be a long one, full of hard work for everyone involved. A good change leader shows gratitude and appreciation to everyone once the change has been completed and also remembers to celebrate the smaller successes along the way to completion. Communicating the change, addressing resistance, and putting the change into action all come before success.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
49. C
Coaching is enabling others to reach their potential. Coaching is enabling others to reach their true potential by helping them to overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing so. Coaching doesn't always involve athletics. You don't have to be involved with sports to be a coach; you just have to be involved with other people. A coach isn't necessarily a boss. Coaching others is a lot more than just telling them what to do. There isn't just one way to coach. You can coach others in a variety of different ways.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
50. B
Low productivity. Low productivity is not a benefit of effective human relations at work; rather, it is a disadvantage that can occur if human relations are poor. High employee morale, good business image, and increased cooperation are all benefits of effective human relations at work.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. A
Airline ticket. Many lending institutions and retailers offer credit cards, which allow individuals or businesses to purchase now and pay later. Because credit-card holders often pay high interest rates and other fees, they must be careful when using their credit cards so they don't charge more than they can pay off in a reasonable timeframe. Using credit cards to make large-dollar purchases often makes it easier to change or cancel transactions such as airfare. In fact, many businesses prefer credit cards as a payment method. Using a credit card to purchase a pack of gum, a magazine, or a small pizza is not a good idea, especially if the transaction fee is higher than the price of the good or service.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 154-155). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Rent. Income is money reSOURCE: owners receive for supplying goods and services. As a reSOURCE: owner, Lisa is supplying office space and receiving rent payments from the sole proprietor, so she is receiving income. A salary is a form of income that is money payments for labor. A dividend is the sum of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment. Interest is the money payments for the use of borrowed money.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 66-67). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. B
Immediate gratification. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a person decides to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. When a person places $500 in the bank, the opportunity (benefit) is having money available for the future. The cost of placing money in the bank means that the person does not have the money to purchase a desired item. When a person purchases something that s/he doesn't need but really wants, the benefit to the person is immediate gratification or a sense of instant satisfaction that s/he has acquired the desired product. The opportunity cost (benefit lost) is not a higher discretionary income, lower salary or wages, or long-term dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 20-23). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Maintaining inventory levels. Maintaining inventory levels that will meet customers' needs is essential to the success of a business. If the business finds itself short of stock at a time when it is also short of cash, it may use credit to buy more. The other alternatives are benefits to businesses of extending credit to customers.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
55. B
Saving even a little bit each month will help. Even a small amount of money, invested from an early age over a long period of time, can make a significant contribution to retirement savings. People do not have plenty of time to save for retirement; beginning early allows more time for savings to grow. Social Security benefits are not likely to cover basic living expenses. Due to longer life spans, many people are in retirement longer than 15 years.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J., Dlabay, L., Hughes, R., & Hoyt, W. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 477-481). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. B
Assign each goal to a general category. A good way to prioritize your financial goals is to assign each goal to a general category, such as "must do," "important but not critical," or "not so important." Ranking according to what needs to be done first and ranking every goal in numerical order are two common pitfalls. Another pitfall is ranking everything as very important or thinking that all the goals are equally important.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
57. B
Collecting taxes. All levels of government collect taxes from individuals and businesses. The taxes are used to pay for different types of public services such as police protection, road repairs, and public education. Donations are given rather than mandated. Embargoes are actions that suspend trade with another country and are used for political reasons or during hostilities. Government policies are one of many factors that influence the ebb and flow of the business cycle; however, there are aspects of the business cycle that cannot be regulated.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Lowe, R.E., Malouf, C.A., & Jacobson, A.R. (2003). Consumer education & economics (5th ed.) [pp. 141, 146]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Shows the parts of a business transaction. As a way to apply the double-entry accounting system when maintaining financial records, a T account shows the parts of a business transaction. It does not reveal motives, increase accuracy, or heighten awareness—though analysis of the parts of a business transaction may result in any of the three.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (pp. 73-74). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. A
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use checkmarks to identify the items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Checkmarks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined checks, or total the interest received.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (pp. 267-269). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. D
Obtaining credit in your name. Identity theft occurs when someone illegally obtains another person's information and uses that information to assume the other person's identity. It is important to protect against identity theft to prevent unauthorized individuals from using your information to obtain credit in your name. In most cases, the unauthorized person has no intention of paying for the credit, so the debt will be listed on your credit report, which may have a negative effect on your credit rating. It is not important to protect against identity theft to prevent unauthorized individuals from sending you information online or trying to sell you a product.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 181). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
Financial planners. There are many types of financial planners who help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. These planners provide financial services such as recommending and selling life insurance, mutual funds, stocks and bonds, etc. Part of what they do is provide advice on how their clients can achieve their financial goals. Certified public accountants, trust departments, and local bank managers usually do not help individuals select the type of life insurance to buy and the most appropriate investments.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 259-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. C
Protects against financial loss. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). For example, a company that loses its inventory and equipment in a fire can file a claim with its property insurance carrier to obtain money to purchase new inventory and equipment if the policy premiums are up-to-date and the policy covers such losses. Insurance does not necessarily reduce a business's security needs, lower personal tax obligation, or enhance economic utility.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 403). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
63. A
Variances. Businesses analyze their financial information to determine the differences between what they had forecast and what actually happened. By doing this, they can account for those differences and improve future forecasts. In this scenario, equipment costs were not a factor. The business could not determine from its financial information whether the supply of raw materials decreased or demand increased. Forecasts are estimates based on information known at the time the forecast was made and will not be exactly what actually happens. In this scenario, therefore, the variances would not be considered forecasting errors.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: Consoli, A. (2006, June 23). Entrepreneurs know how to use financial information. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Entrepreneurs-Know-How-to-UseFinancial-Information&id=228042
64. B
Current assets. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Assets are classified as either current assets or fixed assets. Current assets are items such as accounts receivable, the monies owed to a business by its customers, that change throughout the year. Liabilities are debts that the business owes. Accounts receivable are a SOURCE: of income. Cash is currency and coins.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Monetary returns and risks. The finance function obtains, monitors, and controls funds so the business can achieve its objectives. Finance involves monitoring monetary returns (e.g., sales revenues, investment profits) and analyzing risks (possibilities of loss) associated with expenses and investments. The financial function does not directly monitor or control the business's product-development process, supply channel members, or selling and distribution efforts.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (p. 443). Boston, Houghton Mifflin.
66. D
Performance evaluations. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. An important aspect of human resources management is coordinating performance evaluations with employees and their supervisors. A performance evaluation is a formal assessment by the supervisor of an employee's job performance that lets the employee know how s/he is doing on the job. The human resources department keeps the performance assessment form in the employee's personnel file. Sales promotions are coordinated by the business's promotion function. Information systems are usually computer-based and maintained by technical personnel. Equipment requisitions are order requests that are placed and tracked by the purchasing department.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & McDaniel C. (2008). The future of business: The essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 297]. Mason, OH: Thomson Higher Education.
67. B
Consumer. The marketing concept is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. A company should be able to achieve its goals by giving customers quality products at fair and reasonable prices. For most businesses, the primary goal will be to make a profit.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
68. C
Information that is needed. Information is a collection of facts, statistics, or data. Before businesses can use the information, they must determine the type of information that is needed. For example, does a business need economic data because it wants to expand, or does it need marketing data because it wants to attract new customers? The business must decide the type of information it needs before it can obtain and use that data. Businesses do not need to determine the type of computer system to purchase, the type of report that is required, or the type of collection process to develop before using relevant data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 26]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. D
A technical-trends report that was written on February 5, 2011. An important factor to consider when evaluating information is its timelines. If an article or report was published a long time ago, the information may not be relevant or accurate anymore, particularly if the topic involves technology. Because the technical-trends report was written recently, the information is likely to be up-to-date. Due to technology, the world is constantly experiencing medical breakthroughs and changes; therefore, a journal article that was published a decade (10 years) ago is less likely to contain up-to-date information. Stock values change rapidly, so a stock table that appeared in a newspaper on January 14, 2010 would not contain the most current information about stock values. Because the world's history has dramatically changed since 2000, the history textbook is outdated.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Southern Illinois University: School of Law Library. (n.d.). Evaluating web sites and other information resources. Retrieved September 22, 2011, from http://www.law.siu.edu/lawlib/guides/eval.htm
70. A
Request for proposal. Complex projects often require the expertise of external resources. Building a new facility requires skills from architects, construction companies, electricians, etc. And because these types of projects are expensive, companies want to obtain bids from the potential vendors or contractors to determine which one is best suited to perform the work. A request for proposal (RFP) is an invitation for potential vendors to present bids to obtain a contract and perform the work. Because the work is complex, the RFP must include specific information and provide detailed instructions about the way the proposal should be written. Often, an RFP will require potential vendors to provide a summary of qualifications as a section of the proposal. A business plan is a company's blueprint for success—its business model. An executive summary is an element of a business plan and provides and overview of the most important information.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
71. C
Identity. Managing information regarding copyrights and trademarks helps a company to preserve its identity. If a competitor tries to infringe upon this protected material, the company will be ready to stake its claim quickly. Copyrights and trademarks do not necessarily relate to inventory, correspondence, or customers.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
72. D
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Wikipedia. (2011, September 20). Operating system. Retrieved September 23, 2011, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system
73. A
Makes it easier to comparison shop. The continuing growth of the Internet (e-commerce) allows consumers to log onto their computers and visit several web sites to compare products and prices. This makes comparison shopping easier because consumers do not need to telephone or drive to multiple businesses to obtain the desired product information. The Internet benefits businesses because it allows them to promote their products on their web sites. Another way that the Internet affects businesses is that it often reduces the need to use intermediaries to get the products to the end users. Because there is so much information available through the Internet, people may suffer from information overload, which is a disadvantage of the Internet.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Pakhare, J. (n.d.). Advantages and disadvantages of the Internet. Retrieved September 23, 2011, from http://www.buzzle.com/articles/advantages-disadvantages-internet.html
74. D
E-mail inquiry field. Many businesses provide a feedback option on their web sites that enables customers to e-mail the business concerning problems or to ask questions. The e-mail inquiry field is an effective method of providing customer service as long as the business responds in an appropriate amount of time. A portable document format allows users to view files created by another operating system. An electronic file attachment allows a user to send an attachment with an e-mail message. Computer programming code is used to create software, web pages, etc.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: CT-CLIC.com. (2007-2011). Online inquiry form. Retrieved September 23, 2011, from http://www.ct-clic.com/ContactForm/default.asp
75. D
Manage their time. Many employees use electronic calendars to keep track of their activities and prepare schedules. The benefit of using these devices is that it allows employees to manage their time because they can keep a schedule of their activities. They know what they have to do at a certain time on a certain date, such as attend a meeting. They can also list deadlines for projects. This enables them to plan the use of free time in order to accomplish their assigned responsibilities. Employees do not use an electronic calendar to communicate with coworkers or delegate tasks. Employees use electronic calendars to keep track of deadlines; however, managers usually determine the deadline based on the priority of the project.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 359-361). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
Sort by zip code. Database software programs allow businesses to arrange customer information according to various criteria. Once the names, addresses, and other information are entered in the computer, the business can sort the data alphabetically, or by zip code, or by any other criteria. For example, a business might sort the list by birthday in order to send each customer a personalized card. A business might use a spreadsheet program to calculate monthly profit, a word-processing program to prepare sales letters, and a communications program to write e-mail messages.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Point-of-sale. There are many point-of-sale software applications that enable businesses to perform a variety of functions beyond the point of sale. Some of these functions include placing orders, controlling inventory, placing special orders, etc. SMS is an abbreviation for short messaging service and is used to send text messages on a variety of cell phones. Java is a computer-programming language. URL or uniform reSOURCE: locator is the web site's web address.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Appliance stores point of sale software. (n.d.). Retrieved September 23, 2011, from http://wws5.com/au_pdf/appliancestores-au.pdf
78. B
Database sharing. Groupware applications refer to the modes that employees who work in different locations use to work together or collaborate so they can accomplish a common goal. One mode of collaboration is sharing a database that links or networks several people via computer. For example, when both a sales representative and a warehouse manager have the ability to turn on their computers and access the same inventory status information to see if a product is in stock for a customer, they are using a groupware application. E-mail filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information. Job rotation is an instructional method in which trainees are rotated periodically from one job to another in order to broaden the trainees' perspective of the business. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses spend time with current and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Groupware Technology. (2011). Technical services. Retrieved September 23, 2011, fromhttp://www.groupwaretechnology.com/TechnicalServices
79. A
Home page. The design and content of the home page is extremely important because many visitors do not go beyond that page. Therefore, it is important to create an home page that provides an overview of the web site and links to other pages on the site. If the goal is to have visitors follow links to access additional information or make a purchase, the home page must generate interest and encourage visitors to continue. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. A domain name is a business's web address. A shopping cart is a computer program designed to act as an online catalog and order-processing center.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (p. 192). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. C
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. A
Report workplace accidents. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. These regulations usually require businesses to report workplace accidents to the appropriate agency. The purpose of this requirement is to identify and correct unsafe working conditions, and to compensate workers who have been injured on the job. Health and safety regulations usually do not require businesses to inspect office facilities, hold regular safety meetings, or purchase fireproof supplies. However, safety-conscious businesses usually inspect their facilities to identify potential safety hazards. Also, businesses often hold regular safety meetings to keep employees informed.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 407-408]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
82. B
They are exposed to different safety hazards. The types of safety hazards employees encounter depends upon where people work and the type of work that they do. The number of hazards each faces depends upon many factors, such as employees' observance of safety rules, management's attention to unsafe conditions, and the business's enforcement of safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
83. A
Police department. To take appropriate action during an emergency, an employee must determine what the problem is. Because the safe was open, the office was in disarray, and a computer was missing, the business was probably robbed. In case the robber is still in the building, Josh should leave the business immediately and seek a safe environment. Then, following company procedures, Josh should notify his supervisor or the local law enforcement authorities (police). Josh should call the fire department if a fire occurs. The local health department handles issues associated with health risks. The owner should file a claim with the business's insurance company after the robbery has been reported to the appropriate lawenforcement authorities.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
84. D
Observing customers. Employees can provide regular, routine security for a business by being attentive to customers, letting customers know employees are aware of their presence, and observing what customers are doing. Both the route taken and the time of trips to the bank should be varied to prevent robberies. Salespeople should check the floor limit on customers' credit to make sure customers do not exceed it. Switching price tickets in order to buy an item at a lower price is a form of fraud.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 405]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
85. D
Increased risk of theft. Businesses establish different types of security procedures to protect their assets—equipment, inventory, facilities, money, information, and employees. Businesses need to communicate these security procedures to employees so the employees know what they need to do to maintain a secure work environment. If employees do not follow security procedures, the risk of security breaches occurring increases. For example, an employee who does not properly lock the cash drawer increases the risk of robbery. If employees fail to lock the warehouse doors at the end of business hours, the risk of theft increases. If a security breach occurs, the business may experience financial losses (e.g., stolen money, goods, and equipment). Employees follow safety procedures to reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace. Financial losses may decrease if businesses train their employees about ways in which they can identify counterfeit paper money at the point of sale.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 1528). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. B
Purchase agreement. After a purchasing specialist has determined that s/he has selected the right supplier for a job, s/he and the supplier develop a purchase agreement which states all of the terms of the purchase. An invoice is a formal, printed record of a sale that is usually delivered with the goods or services purchased or mailed after delivery. A request for bids is sent out during the competitive bidding process. A blanket purchase order is a special kind of purchase order normally used only for fairly inexpensive goods or services that the business uses on a regular basis.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
87. D
Competitive. Business is very competitive, and companies are always looking for more efficient production processes in order to reduce their costs. Businesses that can produce goods more inexpensively and, therefore, sell them at lower prices than other companies are able to be competitive and attract a larger share of the market. Developing efficient production processes does not necessarily make businesses responsible, flexible, or innovative. However, these are characteristics of most successful businesses.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. C
Business clothing usually should be conservative. Steve should try to create a positive first impression of himself by following certain guidelines for proper dress. Dressing conservatively, especially for an interview, is one of these guidelines. Steve does not want his appearance to distract the interviewer; he wants the interviewer to focus the discussion about Steve's qualifications for the job. Other guidelines include wearing an outfit that has one focal point, wearing styles that are fashionable rather than faddish, and choosing coordinating patterns and textures.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
89. B
Create a work system appropriate for you. Arrange the items you need on a regular basis in a manner that is convenient for you. This will not reduce your workload, but it will make your work go more smoothly. Your efforts may make your work area more attractive or impress your supervisor, but those are not overall goals for getting organized.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. B
Appropriate to you and your abilities. You must set goals that you are capable of reaching. Setting inappropriate goals results in frustration. Specific and challenging goals are other characteristics of good goals. Goals may be short-term (less than a year to achieve) or long-term (more than a year to achieve).
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
91. D
Accepting a promotion. Once individuals make decisions and select alternatives, they must act on them. By accepting a promotion, a person is acting on a decision. Just deciding what to do doesn't complete the decision-making process. It is necessary for an individual to carry out the decision. Identifying a problem and choosing an option are steps in the decision-making process that occur before action is taken. Evaluating an outcome occurs after the action is taken.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making)
92. B
Meet your personal and professional goals. Becoming a problem solver helps you as you strive to accomplish your personal and professional goals. There will always be some obstacles in the pathway to success. It will be up to you to figure out how to overcome them. Becoming a problem solver won't always help you get what you want from other people, but it might help you work out conflicts in your relationships. Becoming a problem solver will help you as you pursue a career, but it won't necessarily make you more money. Becoming a problem solver won't keep you out of tough situations—those are an inevitable fact of life. But it can help you learn what to do when you're in those situations.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
93. B
Self-management. The ability to control one's own activities, behaviors, and attitudes in the workplace is often referred to as self-management. Employees who make a conscious effort to get to work on time each day are engaging in positive self-management skills. Other activities that employees can control in the workplace might include their ability to perform and produce quality work in a given time, willingness to learn new activities, level of flexibility, and degree of workplace socializing. Self-concept refers to how one views him/herself. Inner-qualitative and personal-orientation are not terms frequently used to describe self-control issues as they relate to the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Ludden, L. (2003). Job savvy: How to be a success at work (3rd ed.) [pp. 97-98]. Indianapolis, IN: JIST Publishing, Inc.
94. D
State departments of vocational rehabilitation. These departments provide current information about the physical requirements of many jobs and suggestions about other agencies to contact. College and high school services for persons with disabilities focus on access to education rather than on career planning. Nonprofit vocational training programs offer limited types of training to persons with disabilities and usually have relatively few job openings.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2010-2011). Occupational outlook handbook 2010-2011. Retrieved September 23, 2011, from http://www.bls.gov/oco/
95. D
To keep track of important job information. Job seekers must often follow up numerous job leads before they find the job that is right for them. Keeping a notebook or card file of information about each available job helps job seekers to keep all the information straight. The file could include information about the business, the job, the contact person, date and time of the job interview, and results of the interview. Job seekers would not show prospective employers a record of the different jobs they are investigating. A joblead file would not help job seekers to fill out job applications or keep them from paying a fee for information if a fee is customarily charged.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 36-37]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
96. A
"I was seeking a more responsible job." This is a positive response which indicates that the applicant is interested in getting ahead and is willing to accept additional responsibility. A job applicant should not make negative remarks about his/her previous employer(s) or coworkers. Even though all of the other alternatives could be true statements, they are negative and will reflect poorly on the job applicant.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
97. A
Yes, he should already have sent a follow-up letter. A follow-up letter should be sent as soon as possible after a job interview. Since the company has had time to make a hiring decision and notify Matt of its choice, we can assume that he did not write immediately following the interview. However, it is never too late to send a follow-up letter. Businesses do not generally expect to hear from job applicants after an interview, but they receive a positive impression of those who do write.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. C
Volunteering. People entering the labor market for the first time often do not have previous work experience. In such cases, businesses often consider any volunteer work that the applicants may have done as an equivalent to work experience. Many people gain valuable work-related experience by volunteering in hospitals, nursing homes, schools, and with community-service organizations. Brainstorming is a creative thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Networking is the process of sharing and exchanging job information. Apprenticing involves beginning in an occupation and learning the trade while employed.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 200). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. A
Seniority. Seniority involves the length of time that a person has been employed by one company. The longer people have been employed, the more seniority they have. Businesses often consider seniority when selecting employees to promote. Often, they try to promote the more senior employees because they have more experience on the job and have demonstrated long-term loyalty to the business. Compensation is pay and benefits. Favoritism involves granting special favors to certain people. Arbitration is a method of settling a labor dispute.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 487). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. D
Strategic planning. Strategic planning is long-range planning (three to five years) for the company as a whole. Strategic planning is one of the major responsibilities for top-level managers. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year) and is usually the responsibility of middle management. Day-to-day planning is the responsibility of first-line, or supervisory, management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1068
Business Administration Core Exam
1. D
Continuous assistance is provided by the franchisor. A business-format franchise is a more complex and more popular type of franchise arrangement than the product trade-name franchise. It involves a close, continuous, working relationship between the franchisor and the franchisee. Examples of the businessformat franchise are McDonald's, Holiday Inn, and Jiffy Lube. Products and other materials usually must be purchased from the franchisor's list of approved vendors. The franchisee must operate under the trade name of the franchisor.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
Good reading skills. All business employees need to possess basic reading skills. However, employees who are required to extract relevant information from written materials should possess good reading skills because some of the materials may contain complex information that is difficult to understand. Good reading skills include the ability to focus on the content and analyze and evaluate the meaning of the message. Employees who possess good reading skills usually have extensive vocabularies and are willing to look up the meaning of unfamiliar words. Possessing the ability to listen or an effective speaking voice will not help employees to extract relevant information from written materials.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. C
The use of company property. Businesses often develop employee handbooks, which provide information about their general policies and procedures. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they are hired. Employee handbooks usually provide information about overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Many employee handbooks include information about employees and their personal use of company property. Company-property issues that the handbook might address include making personal long-distance phone calls on the company phone and using the office copy machine or laser printer for non-business purposes. Lists of the company's current job openings and personal information about vacation days are usually available through the human-resources department, and are not included in the employee handbook. Additionally, the company's annual report is not usually included in the employee handbook. Often, corporations post their annual reports on the company's web site.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: SmallBusinessNotes.com. (n.d.). Employee handbook. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/managing-your-business/employee-handbook.html
4. C
Don't rush. When Millie skips ahead of the knitting directions in her book, she is rushing forward without all the information she needs to make the scarf. Reading and following directions is not a race. Taking your time and following the steps provided will ensure that you don't leave something out or do something incorrectly. This improves your chances of doing it right. In this situation, Millie is not ignoring the tips to know when to speak, accept responsibility, or note key words.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24 Simon Says
5. D
Use gestures for emphasis. Appropriate gestures can help to emphasize the point the speaker wants to make, and they are an important part of effective verbal communication. Speech mannerisms are distracting to listeners and should be avoided. The tone of the voice should be modulated, or changed, to prevent the speaker from sounding monotonous. Eye contact with listeners is important in maintaining communication and making them feel the speaker is addressing them personally.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Ober, S. (2007). Fundamentals of contemporary business communication (2nd ed.) [pp. 50-51]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
6. A
Facial expressions. Nonverbal cues are communication that involves the use of gestures or facial expressions, rather than the use of words. Facial expressions usually are the most important aspect of nonverbal cues or body language. For example, when people feel emotions such as happiness or anger, those emotions are expressed through smiles, frowns, and eye patterns. It is easy to see that someone is happy if s/he is smiling. Leg movements are a type of body language; however, they are not as effective a way to interpret nonverbal cues. Clothing style and office decor are nonverbal cues also, but they are not as easy to interpret as facial expressions.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 425-427]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. B
Use visuals. It is often more difficult to give verbal directions than to provide written directions unless the information is fairly simple or familiar to the audience. To overcome the problem of giving verbal directions, it is often helpful to use visuals such as diagrams or charts. The visuals reinforce the verbal directions and help the audience to understand the explanation. It is not helpful to speak softly, use complex words, or limit body language when giving verbal directions. These actions may make it more difficult for the audience to understand the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 114]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. C
Defending an idea objectively. Roberto is using facts to overcome an objection and defend his idea in a professional manner. A conclusion is the prepared ending of a presentation. Since Roberto had just finished his presentation, he had already delivered the conclusion. A transition occurs mid-speech to shift from one point to another smoothly. Cultural barriers to new ideas occur when a person allows his/her cultural background to affect his/her thinking. Roberto is trying to overcome a barrier to his presentation by using fact-based research.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Thabet, Dia. (2010, November 28). How to defend your idea without getting defensive. Retrieved on August 2, 2012, from http://.ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Defend-Your-IdeaWithout-Getting-Defensive&id=5460159
9. A
Many opinions increase the chances of developing useful recommendations. Many businesses encourage employees to participate in group discussions to analyze problems and find solutions. The advantage is that when employees share many different opinions, there is an increase in the chance of developing useful recommendations. However, the group leader needs to encourage participation, and make all members feel comfortable so they will express their ideas and opinions. A disadvantage of group discussions is that conflict is more likely to occur when more people express different opinions, especially about controversial issues. Group discussions do not always lead to decisions in which all participants agree, nor do they always help the business solve problems quickly.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 132]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. C
Key points. Effective note-taking involves writing down the most important information or key points for future reference. A person generally speaks faster than another person writes, so it would be difficult for a person to write down every detail or word the speaker says. The key points cited during a seminar may or may not be of interest to the businessperson. Inaccurate statements should not be cited during a seminar.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 225]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. A
The data are too complex to describe in the body of the text. Tables present text or numbers in a grid format. The table allows readers to see groups of data together for comparison. Tables are also useful because they summarize data in an easy to read format. Tables present data (e.g., statistics) that may be too wordy or complex to describe in a paragraph format. Tables should appear in a document where they are most appropriate, which may be the body, conclusions, recommendations, or appendices. The inclusion of a bibliography is not a factor when determining if a table should be included in the document. The primary purpose of tables is to provide information, which may or may not build credibility and impress the audience.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 371]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
All the necessary information. When preparing written communication, one of the most important rules is to be thorough and provide all the necessary information because the receiver may not have the opportunity to ask questions in person. Letters confirming customer orders should answer the questions of who, what, when, and where by including specific information about ordered items, quantity, delivery address, etc. The letters should contain all the necessary information to verify that what the business intends to provide is exactly what the customers have requested. Whether product ratings and grades, exchange rates, and a map of all business locations are necessary information to include in a confirmation letter depends on the type of business and the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 124]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
13. C
Organize content in a cohesive, manageable way. Long business reports often contain a lot of information about different topics. To organize the information so the audience can understand the report's contents, report writers often break content into chunks of related information. Headings and subheadings are often included before the section or topic to let the audience know the issue at hand. Headings and subheadings do attract attention because they are often formatted with a larger or colorcoded font; however, the primary purpose is not to convey a hidden agenda, provide supporting evidence, or solicit an opinion from the audience.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Young, D.J. (2006). Foundations of business communication: An integrative approach (pp. 461-462, 464-465). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. D
Title. The inside address section of a business letter should include the addressee's title, which might be both a courtesy title and a job title, if known. A courtesy title such as Mr. or Ms. should always be used and, whenever possible, a job title such as manager or president. A correct inside address with title is as follows: Mr. John Doe, President. The subject, date, and message are not part of the inside address section of a business letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (p. 200). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
15. C
Accurate content. Because informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver, it is important that content is accurate. In the workplace, employees and managers often make business decisions based on information they receive in informational messages, so it is very important for the writer to include accurate content in the message. Although a writer might communicate an emotional appeal, an honest opinion, or a request for action in his/her informational message, accurate content is the most important consideration.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 95]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. B
Features and benefits. When they are planning on making large or expensive purchases, some business customers ask the business to submit written sales proposals. Because the goal of the proposal is to make a sale, a well-written proposal will tell the customer the benefits of purchasing the business's products. The sales proposal should also point out the specific features of the products which may be different from the features of a competitor's product. The proposal might include shipping information, but receiving is controlled by the customer. The proposal usually includes pricing information but not accounting information. Laws and regulations usually are not part of a sales proposal unless the product is one that is regulated by the government.
SOURCE: CO:062
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 308-309]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. B
Contribute at least one opinion to every staff meeting in which you participate. While contributing is important, it should only be done if you have something meaningful to contribute. Setting goals for the number of times you speak up during a meeting can lead to time spent on unnecessary discussions. It is important to understand the purpose of the meeting prior to attending so that you can think about any contributions you can make about the topics to be covered. It is inevitable that conflicting viewpoints will surface during meetings. Always be courteous and respectful of both the leader and the other participants. This includes behaving professionally when differing points of view are addressed to avoid arguments.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. C
Be helpful. Roger is displaying helpfulness to this customer. He didn't know the answer to the customer's question, but he immediately went into action to find the person who did. This situation does not illustrate keeping promises, paying attention to internal customers (employees), or being thankful.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. B
Organized. Employees should always be well organized and prepared to provide customer service in a quick, convenient manner. Customers don't have a lot of time to waste. They expect employees to be knowledgeable about company goods and services, organized, and ready to work. Being organized will help employees to focus on serving customers. Employees should not be forceful or aggressive when dealing with customers. Employees who are detached give the impression of not caring about customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 141, 226-228]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
20. C
Using humor. Because Germans tend to be very formal and serious about their business, they do not find it appropriate to use humor during business situations. It is appropriate to use titles, shake hands, and make eye contact with Germans in business situations. These behaviors are respectful to Germans.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
21. D
Satisfy customers. Effective business policies are designed to satisfy customers by meeting their wants and needs. At the same time, the policies are meant to make a fair profit for the business. Business policies also are developed to keep operations running smoothly, to reduce misunderstandings, and to guide employees' actions.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 52). Mason, OH: South-Western.
22. C
Domineering/Superior. Carrie's customer is domineering/superior. He's talking down to her and giving her orders on how to do her job. A slow/methodical customer is indecisive or just takes a long time to make up his/her mind. A suspicious customer questions everything and is constantly worried that your business might take advantage of him/her. An irritable/moody customer is unpredictable s/he might be your best friend one day and a real crab the next.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
23. C
Product, personnel, and the business. Customer complaints can generally be divided into three general areas the product, the business's employees, and the business itself. Product complaints result when products are defective, the wrong size or color, damaged or spoiled, don't meet customers' needs, or are mispriced. Complaints about employees come from the use of high-pressure selling techniques, rudeness, lack of product knowledge, inaccuracy, and poor service. Customer complaints against the business itself are generally related to the business's policies and procedures.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 54-57). Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. C
Children's apparel. Consumer products, such as children's apparel, are defined as those economic goods and services that are purchased and used by the ultimate consumer. The other alternatives would all be considered capital products because they are purchased by businesses for use in their operations.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. B
Scarcity. Because of scarcity, choices must be made about which goods and services will be produced. Conservation promotes careful use of scarce resources in order to make them last longer. Unemployment is an economic condition in which individuals are not currently working in a gainful capacity. Abundance is an ample supply of any commodity, or the opposite of scarcity.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economics)
26. C
Form and place. Processing crude oil into gasoline creates form utility because the raw material is changed into a useful form. Delivering gasoline to a service station creates place utility because the good is made available at the place where it is needed by consumers. Time utility is created when a product is made available when the customer needs it. Possession utility, or the completion of a transaction, has occurred, but time utility has not.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Utility)
27. B
Low. There is an inverse relationship between consumer demand and the price of the product. In other words, the higher the price of a product, the lower the consumer demand for it will be.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
28. A
Contribute to the well-being of society. Businesses can show their social responsibility by maximizing their profits and/or contributing to public interests. While some businesses do provide certain social activities for employees, or may have a credit union from which employees can obtain loans for various purposes, these are not duties of social responsibility. Contributing to product development would benefit the business, not society.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20 Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. A
Communist command. In a communist command economy, capital for business investment is provided by the government, which obtains it by taking the profits of businesses it owns and by levying taxes. The government owns the businesses and controls the economy; therefore, it receives all the profits. The people are not allowed to invest in the economy. In a traditional economy, people produce only what they must have in order to exist. In a free enterprise or a market economy, the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 93-94). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
30. D
Gross profit on sales. After gross profit is calculated, the costs of running the business (known as operating expenses) are subtracted from gross profit to determine whether the business has a net profit or a loss. When your business's operating expenses are greater than your gross profit on sales, a net loss results. The gross domestic product is the final market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Profit)
31. D
Patents or copyrights. The government issues patents or copyrights to inventors and artists to protect their work. Although the government provides local governmental programs, this response is not specific enough to be correct for protecting private property. Federal Reserve Banks are used by local banks for their banking functions. They do not provide protection for local property. Local governments provide fire protection through fire departments, not through fire insurance.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. D
Combining well-qualified workers and efficient job methods. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). In order for a business to achieve maximum productivity, it must hire well-qualified workers, train them in efficient job methods, and provide them with up-to-date equipment. Productivity also increases when businesses use two-way communication, involve employees in the decision-making process, and offer flexible work schedules and overtime hours.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Productivity (Make the Most of It)
33. D
Collaboration is becoming a standard method of achieving business goals. Collaboration is used more and more to achieve business goals. You can see this in the frequent use of teams, group projects, and joint ventures. Our culture is not more relaxed and free; it is busier than ever. Emotional intelligence does not ensure a more secure business environment. And, even though more people can be world travelers and see other cultures, emotional intelligence is also important for people who do not travel.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. C
Takes time and practice. Visualization is the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. It is not always learned quickly or easily, but it does work well and can be very rewarding.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. B
Loyalty. Loyalty to a job means keeping confidential any information about a business that is not supposed to be public knowledge. Trade secrets are very important to some businesses. Tact is the ability to express your ideas and opinions so that they do not hurt or offend others. Industry is diligence. Initiative is enterprise and determination. Tact, industry, and initiative do not deal with keeping trade secrets confidential.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
36. A
Unexpected. Initiative is willingness to act without having to be told to do so. An excellent way to show initiative is to handle emergency and other unusual situations on your own. An example might be filling in for a coworker who is ill. Handling regular, routine, or training situations does not reflect initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. D
Work to let them know where she is. Calling work right away is responsible behavior because it gives the business a chance to make any arrangements that are necessary to cover necessary responsibilities. Calling for a tow truck, insurance estimates, or a rental car are later steps that may need to be taken.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. B
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics. Ethics give people standards by which they can judge situations and decide what is the right thing to do. Dignity is pride. Conflicts are disagreements. Commitment is dedication or devotion to something or someone.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 416]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
39. A
Blaming another person for his mistake. Taking responsibility for your actions involves accepting the consequences (good or bad) of your behavior, admitting and learning from your mistakes, and trying to do better in the future. In the example, Jason blamed the office assistant for the mistake, but he is the employee who is responsible for ordering the washers. By blaming another employee, Jason is failing to accept responsibility for his actions. Jason was not helping Susan to resolve the problem, providing a valid reason for the stock-out, or denying that a problem exists.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Payne, S. (2010, January 19). Accepting responsibility for your own work. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.helium.com/items/1587239-accepting-responsibility-for-your-ownwork
40. D
Responsible. Positive people accept responsibility for their own actions and don't try to blame others when they make a mistake. They care about their job duties and are willing to learn new tasks or to take on new duties. This makes them valuable employees. Positive people are flexible and adaptable. They are also generous, but that is not important to the business. Whether they are well trained is related to their background rather than their attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
41. D
It prevents Maureen from hearing the criticism clearly. Defensiveness raises a barrier between you and the speaker. Most of us feel angry or resentful when we are criticized, especially when the criticism is unjust. However, we cannot afford to exhibit this kind of attitude on the job. If Maureen listened with an open mind to the supervisor, she might learn not only how to correct her mistakes but how to avoid the mistakes in the future. Maureen's attitude indicates immaturity rather than a desire to call attention to herself.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. D
Resistant. Being resistant to change means to oppose or withstand change. The manager was resisting a technical change. Being receptive to change means to accept change. Being unable to change means not having the ability to change. Being willing to change means to accept change.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: tutor2u. (n.d.). Strategy: Types of change in business. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://tutor2u.net/business/strategy/change_types.html
43. D
Workplace privacy. An employee's right to privacy in the workplace is becoming more controversial primarily as a result of new technology. Today, many employers use video cameras to monitor employees on the job. Businesses also are able to track employees' use of computers and access their e-mail. Businesses often feel that they have the right to take these measures because employees are using company equipment on the company's time. On the other hand, employees often feel that businesses do not have the right to invade their privacy by reading e-mail messages or recording phone conversations. Job enlargement involves combining job tasks so that a worker has more responsibility for the completion of a job. Wellness programs and social status are not issues that cause controversy between employers and employees.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. (2012, May). Fact sheet 7: Workplace privacy and employee monitoring. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from https://www.privacyrights.org/fs/fs7-work.htm/
44. B
Cultural imperialism. Businesses in some countries, especially more developed ones, may have an attitude that their approach, tastes, or preferences are "better" than those of other countries, particularly less developed ones. Or, they may believe their cultural beliefs and attitudes are the only ones and neglect other countries' cultures altogether. This is cultural imperialism. It is not an effective business practice and does not lead to success in the long run. Globalization refers to keeping a product and advertising message the same around the world, while nationalization refers to something whose ownership is taken over by the government. Product adaptation is changing a product in some way to make it more appropriate for another country's preferences.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: Buzzle. (2012). Cultural imperialism examples. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.buzzle.com/articles/cultural-imperialism-examples.html
45. A
Nonverbal. Nonverbal communication is all of the things you express with body movements and facial expressions. Making and maintaining eye contact communicates interest in another person and what s/he is saying. Formal communication, such as business letters and reports, is expressed in more formal language than informal communication, which may take the form of memos or even rumors passed through the grapevine. Verbal communication is transmitted orally.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
46. D
Avoidance. Passive behavior is often called avoidance behavior because the main goal is to avoid conflict at almost any cost. It is the opposite of confrontational behavior which is frequently defiant or hostile. Passive behavior would not be referred to as creative.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
47. B
Objectivity and attentiveness. Adaptable people consistently exhibit certain attitudes or behavior, regardless of the circumstances. Some characteristics of adaptable people include objectivity; attentiveness; empathy; confidence; a respectful, positive, and self-corrective attitude; and constructive (positive) risk taking. Resistance and fear are not attributes of adaptable people. Adaptable people do not always do things accurately. Increased creativity is considered a positive outcome of adaptable behavior, rather than a characteristic of adaptability.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15 Stuff Happens
48. D
Facts. Vision is the future that you desire to create. To fulfill a vision, the leader may need to get others to embrace the vision and help him/her carry it out. Enlisting others' support might include using rational persuasion, which is the method of appealing to others' intellects and minds by providing supporting facts or evidence. By providing facts and evidence, the leader is giving reasons to support the vision. Practices are procedures or activities that are followed. Skills are abilities. Assumptions are thoughts or information that are taken for granted as being true, but may not be true.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. A
Approachability. A coach is a person who enables other people to reach their true potential by helping them to overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing something they want to achieve. Approachability is the attitude or demeanor that lets another person know that you are open and available to talk to him/her. Persistence is continuing to work at a task or idea until the desired outcome is achieved. Humility is the lack of pride. Dependability is doing what you say you will do.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7 Bring Out the Best
50. A
Interferes with the group's output. When there are frequent personality conflicts in a work group, the result is usually that it interferes with the group's output, overall effectiveness, and performance. Conflicts may not bring the work effort to a standstill, but they will slow it considerably. People who have frequent personality conflicts are generally not compatible.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. C
Credit. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. One option businesses have to obtain credit is to secure credit cards from lending institutions. Businesses can obtain the goods and services they need right away, such as airline tickets and supplies, and then pay for the items when they receive their statement from their lending institutions. Businesses often purchase the things they need to operate effectively online. In fact, many web-based businesses will only accept credit cards as a form of payment. Debit cards, ATM cards, and store-value (gift) cards do not delay payment.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 126-127, 160-162). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Unit of measure. Money can serve as a unit of measure to determine or compare the relative worth of different products. Chris compares the monetary value of the two candy bars and selects the less expensive one. While money does serve as the medium of exchange in this example, the fact that Chris is using money instead of some other medium of exchange does not directly impact his decision. Money would serve as the medium of exchange even if he purchases the more expensive candy bar. Store of value means that money can be held over time and still have purchasing power at a later date. The money that Chris is using is not a commodity because it does not have another use.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Slideshare. (n.d.). Money: Its uses and characteristics. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.slideshare.net/Geckos/uses-and-characteristics-of-money-presentation
53. B
Exceed the rate of inflation. When making investments, it is important to consider the time value of money, which is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Earnings from investments can come in different forms, such as accumulated interest from debt securities or dividends from equity securities. At the end of the investment period, a successful investment will yield more money than the investor started with. However, it is important to consider the rate of inflation which is an increase in prices of goods and services. If inflation increases more rapidly than the investment earns (e.g., 10%) during the investment period, then the value of money earned will not yield the desired results. Documents and forms do not affect the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 89-92, 180). South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. D
Increase sales volume. Retail credit allows the consumer to purchase now and pay later. Credit encourages customers to buy impulse items and larger quantities or more expensive items, all of which increase a business's sales volume. Because of increased record-keeping expenses and bad-debt losses, offering credit does not lower operating costs but increases them. Offering credit is unrelated to any decisions concerning business hours.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
55. D
College education. Most new parents begin saving for their children's college education after they are born, but some begin earlier. Tommy will likely have to pay for his own retirement and life insurance. As soon as he is born, he will likely be put on their health insurance until he can afford his own.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 266). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. A
Non-essential. The gum and the magazine are extras. An example of an essential expense would be paying the rent or car loans. Rent and car loans are also examples of fixed expenses. Variable expenses are also essential expenses, but they vary from month to month. Some examples are heating and electric bills, and gasoline.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). How to identify "essential" and "nonessential" expenses. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_12211191_identify-essential-nonessentialexpenses.html
57. D
$1,014.11. Gross earnings are an employee's wages before taxes and other deductions, such as medical insurance and union dues, are withheld from his/her paycheck. Net pay is the amount of money the employee receives in his/her paycheck after deductions are subtracted. Employers provide an itemized list of earnings and deductions on the employee's pay stub. To calculate Jason's gross earnings for the pay period, add his net pay, total tax obligation, medical insurance, and union dues together ($796.84 + $157.27 + $45.00 + $15.00 = $1,014.11).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
Track the amount of money she has spent. A check is a negotiable instrument or bank draft made payable to a specific party for a specific amount of money. A check serves as a written promise to the check bearer that money is available in the issuer's bank account. Checks are a common form of financial exchange. Both individuals and businesses use checks to pay for goods and services such as rent, utilities, food, and supplies. When writing a check, an individual or business keeps a check register that records information about the transaction. This information includes the date the check is written, to whom the check is made payable, the amount of the check, and the check number. The register is a central location to record and track all of the checks written and the amount of money spent. Check registers do not help the check issuers determine when to add funds to a savings account, understand the checking account's restrictions and fees, or decide when to order new checks.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 143-145). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. A
Buy more with his card than he can afford. If Jeff does this, he will be headed towards a mounting credit card debt. He should pay his bill on time to build good credit. Thinking of his card as a loan and tracking his spending habits will keep him from overspending.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 171]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
60. A
Validating credit history. If Eric had not checked his credit score, he would not have known that the credit bureaus mishandled his report. This example shows one of the steps for buying a house, but it is not an example of the importance of buying a house. Paying rent on time is one way to develop good credit; neither are truly illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: GettingaCreditCard.com. (2006-2012). Common practice of very responsible credit card users. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article12.shtml
61. A
Identity theft. Identity theft occurs when someone illegally obtains another person's information and uses that information to assume the other person's identity. One way to protect against identity theft is to immediately contact the credit-card company if credit cards are lost. If the cards fall into the hands of an unauthorized person, that person can attempt to use the cards as if s/he was the owner of the card. This is a type of identity theft. If someone uses another person's credit card illegally, the penalty is not excessive and, in many situations, there is no penalty if the company is notified before any illegal use occurs. Therefore, there is virtually no financial risk. Immediately contacting the credit-card company does not protect against high interest rates.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 181-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. B
Securities. In investing, legal owning- or lending-agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments are known as securities. Securities can be separated into "owning" and "lending" categories. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower that is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Premiums are the fees paid by policyholders to insurance companies to maintain insurance policies. Guarantees are sometimes provided by sellers to buyers in a purchase situation.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32 Risky Business
63. A
Contract. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Insurance is a legal contract which may be terminated if the business fails to pay the agreed-upon payments or to live up to the other terms of the contract. For example, a business may be required to maintain the facility in good condition so it is safe. When a business purchases an insurance policy, it is not agreeing to the terms of a charter. A premium is the installment payment. The business is the policyholder.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 411). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
64. A
Protection from theft and fraud. The accounting system should be set up in a way that makes it difficult for employees to gain access to the system and make changes to the information. The cost of operating the system and the capability to generate printed financial statements are not related to the issue of theft. A business would not be likely to maintain both a computerized and a manual accounting system.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. C
Has cash available to use. The cash conversion cycle is the ratio that reflects the number of days between a company paying for raw materials and receiving cash from selling the products made from those raw materials. The longer this period of time, the longer the company's money is tied up and unavailable for other uses. Therefore, a financial manager strives to keep the cash conversion cycle as short as possible, so that the business has more free cash to work with. A dividend is the amount of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The profit margin is a product pricing consideration. The profit margin is the amount of money that a business earns on sales after expenses and is expressed as a ratio. Liquid assets are things of value that the business owns, which can be quickly converted to cash.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. C
Staffing the business. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. Staffing is an important function because hiring and keeping qualified employees will contribute to the success of the business. Employees who are capable and hardworking usually help the business to achieve its goals and be successful. It is not possible to completely eliminate turnover. Management usually decides if it needs to expand and create more jobs. Human resources management administers the compensation package, but it is not responsible for reducing compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pushers (Human Resources Management)
67. A
Promotion. The example illustrates an advertising activity that is part of the promotion function. Purchasing is a business activity necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of a business. Selling is responding to customer needs and wants through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Product/Service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1 Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. A
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Many businesses use the Internet to obtain needed external information efficiently. For example, businesses can access the web sites of governmental agencies as well as competitors to find information about specific issues. This is a fast and efficient way to obtain information from a variety of sources without needing to visit the library and look through printed materials such as textbooks. Software instructs computers to perform specific operations. Not all software is used to obtain information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 139-143]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
69. C
Formal sales presentation. Presentation software is often used to provide visual support for oral presentations. Presentation software is often used during sales presentations to provide customers or prospective customers with visual information about the product's attributes and benefits. Graphic depictions of products are especially useful for items that cannot be easily transported to other locations because the audience can see an image of the product. Status meetings, employee performance reviews, and union contract negotiations are not the most appropriate business situations in which to use a computer-generated slideshow to highlight product information. The purpose of a status meeting is to update the team about various aspects of a project. An employee performance review is a tool to provide workers with feedback about their work efforts. Union contract negotiations occur when management and labor representatives meet to reach agreement about the workers' pay, benefits, working conditions, etc.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. A
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is a major federal law regarding information management and accounting records. Businesses must take proper steps to comply with this legislation. The Sherman Anti-Trust Act relates to monopolies. The Landrum-Griffin Act and the Taft-Hartley Act both relate to labor issues.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. A
Computer-aided design. This technology allows companies to experiment with different design combinations for new products without investing time and money in building prototypes or going into production. Computer-assisted manufacturing is used in actual production. Data processing gathers and analyzes information but does not design product features. Artificial intelligence is software that allows computers to learn and make decisions.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: wiseGEEK. (n.d.). What is CAD software? Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-cad-software.htm
72. B
Information systems. An information system is a method of gathering, storing, and analyzing data for the purpose of making business decisions. Businesses acquire vast amounts of information that must be stored and analyzed to make it useful. An effective information system enables a business to quickly and accurately process information and use that information to make decisions. Businesses do not develop operating procedures, survey methods, or management policies to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 594). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. D
It permanently stores the computer program files and data. The hard drive is the component of the computer's central processing unit (CPU) that stores the computer's program files and inputted data. A sound card is a device that transmits sound waves through the computer so the user can hear audio elements. A computer monitor allows the user to view the computer data. The power supply transmits power to other computer devices (e.g., printer) so they can operate.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Computer Knowledge For You. (2012). Computer components knowledge. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.computerknowledgeforyou.com/computercomponents/computer_components.htm l
74. C
Wireless Fidelity. Wireless Fidelity (Wi-Fi) allows computer users to access the Internet through radio frequencies, which don't require a physical connection to power grids. Wireless Internet allows users the ability to access their e-mail and various web sites from their laptop computers or cellular telephones from different locations. Analog or dial-up Internet access involves using telephone lines that are connected to a modem. Broadband cable requires a cable modem to access the Internet. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing the Web (e.g., Yahoo).
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 208-210). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. C
Coca-Cola AND current market share AND cola AND United States. Search engines need to be given directions using exact wording. Using "AND" links all of the required information together and gives a more productive search. The more exact the wording, the more narrow the responses returned, and the less time wasted on unrelated responses. Using "OR" as the logical operator will tell the search engine to return information on individual topics instead of responses that include all four topics. The "AND/OR" could return responses on either Coca-Cola or market share. It could also give you Coca-Cola market share, but it might not; or it might be for a country other than the United States. The "Coca-Cola OR current market share OR cola AND United States" could return responses for other companies, other industries, or information on cola in the United States, but not the specific information needed.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (2012). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=136861
76. A
Use the edit undo command. The edit undo command allows the computer user to undo a pre ious action, such as deleting text by mistake. Although it is possible to retype the paragraph or to copy the text from another document that contains the text, these actions are not as quick and easy as using the edit undo command. A template is a standard format that helps users develop documents.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Lamers, D. (2009). Chapter 8—Essential stuff: Undo. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.computersforretirees.com/chapter8.html
77. D
Database. A database program allows the organized collection of information with pieces of information related to one another. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information. Spreadsheets, word-processing software, and computer-aided design do not perform the functions required by the hotel.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (n.d.). What is a database? Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
78. C
$159.60. Spreadsheets are computer software programs and are used to save, sort, and update information. Formulas are programmed into the software that can automatically calculate numerical data such as percentages. Businesses often use spreadsheets to record, manage, and analyze a variety of financial, sales, and inventory information. In this example, the manager is using a spreadsheet program to calculate the sale price ($228.00 x 30% or .30 = $68.40; $228.00 - $68.40 = $159.60).
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 574-575). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. D
Web server. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web server or Internet service provider (IPS). The Web server or IPS may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web servers will provide the service free of charge. Developers post web pages for many reasons, which may include selling products to interested audiences. Legal permits are not required to post a web page.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Build-Website.com. (2010). Upload web page. Retrieved August 2, 2010, from http://buildwebsite.com/guide/upload.html
80. C
Product. Operations activities vary depending on a business's product. The product a business makes or provides affects every aspect of operations. A business's name, tax return, or address should not affect its operations activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. A
Reporting noncompliance. Certain government agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported for noncompliance so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations and keep the workplace safe. An employee notifying a government agency is not an example of spreading gossip, unethical behavior, or verbal communication. In fact, the employee is exhibiting ethical behavior. Also, the employee may have notified the agency in writing which is nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 407-408). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
82. B
Fatigue. Fatigue is a state of mental and/or physical tiredness. Being fatigued can cause workers to have difficulty paying attention on the job, to make mistakes, or to have accidents. Horseplay is behavior such as running, jumping, wrestling, or showing off. Poor housekeeping can create such hazards as tools or equipment on the floor for people to trip over or spilled liquids that can cause people to fall.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Medical News Today. (2007, January 15). Fatigue in the workplace is common and costly. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/60732.php
83. D
Find out how serious it is. In order to know what needs to be done or how much help is needed, employees need to find out whether the accident victim's injuries are minor or life threatening. Taking the victim's pulse should be done by medical personnel. Depending on the seriousness of the injury, it may be necessary to call a doctor or an ambulance, but an injured person should not be moved.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial and systems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 320-323]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
84. B
Robbery. To steal money from Puritan Supermarket, the robbers used force, violence, and fear to persuade the cashier to give them the money in the cash register. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Shoplifting is the theft of goods by customers. Burglary is any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft. Embezzlement is theft of valuables that have been entrusted to one's care.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Montaldo, C. (n.d.). Robbery prevention tips for businesses. Retrieved August 2, 2012, from http://crime.about.com/od/prevent/qt/prevent_robbery.htm
85. C
Their stores are geographically distant. Some retail chains have grown so large that central buying can no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant stores. In response to this development, many large retail firms have decentralized their purchasing operations by dividing the country into districts and delegating part of central buying's responsibility to district managers who are more familiar with local stores. Businesses usually obtain lower prices for large orders. Businesses do not decentralize their purchasing operations because buyers prefer to be independent. Both centralized and decentralized purchasing operations are able to maintain a wide variety of suppliers.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (The Nature of Purchasing)
86. C
Inventory of supplies. All businesses need to maintain an inventory of supplies in order to produce goods and services for customers. Small businesses may only need office supplies while retailers also need supplies to wrap packages. Large manufacturing businesses need vast inventories of resources to produce products. Without an inventory of supplies, businesses will not be able to do even simple tasks. The result might be a loss of customers and a loss of income. Some businesses may need only one vendor rather than a list of vendors. Businesses do not need to maintain a schedule of accounts or copies of invoices to produce goods and services for customers.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 360). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
87. A
Capital-intensive. Capital-intensive production processes rely heavily on the use of expensive equipment and materials rather than on the activities of workers. Facilities that generate electrical power are examples of capital-intensive production processes because they use expensive equipment but few workers. Intermittent production processes stop and restart at a later time. Labor-intensive production processes cannot take place without skilled workers. Standardized production processes require simple, repetitive tasks.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. C
Conservative. When in doubt, be conservative. This is especially true in selecting clothes for work. Your work clothes should present a positive image of you and the business for which you work. They should not distract customers from the products you sell or coworkers from doing their jobs. Choosing clothing that is highly advertised, a current fad, or eye-catching would not be as wise as choosing something conservative.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand Me! (Personal Appearance)
89. B
Think in new ways. Employees who have innovation skills are able to think in new ways and come up with new ideas and new solutions to problems and situations. Having innovation skills helps employees to think critically and find effective options and solutions to work-related issues. Employees who have innovation skills do not necessarily behave aggressively or socialize effectively. Having innovation skills helps employees to find solutions to problems rather than react to problems.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 326-329). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
Establishing criteria. Setting boundaries is also known as establishing criteria because criteria give you the parameters within which to make your decision. Pinpointing objectives, identifying alternatives, and making decisions are separate steps in the nine-step decision-making model and are not involved in the setting of boundaries.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
91. D
Taking courses required of those who do this kind of work. Whether you can complete the courses successfully will tell you whether you can succeed in a particular field. For example, doing well in basic and advanced accounting courses would indicate you have a good chance of being successful as an accountant. Talking to someone in the field, asking your counselor for information about job opportunities, and contacting businesses in the field are good ways of gathering information; but they are not predictors of success.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 482]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Equal pay. Many governments have established laws to help protect employees' rights in the workplace. One right employees have is to earn fair and equal pay for performing the same work as others. In many countries, it is illegal to pay an employee on the basis of race, age, or gender, because this is a form of discrimination, and it violates employees' rights. Employees do not always join labor unions, which is dependent on the industry and the nature of the work. Employees have the right to expect and receive proper training and supervision under safe working conditions; however, the example does not indicate that these rights have been violated.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 237-239). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Things. Individuals should consider what they like to do, their favorite activities, when identifying possible occupations. For example, some individuals enjoy operating machinery, driving vehicles, or using tools. As a result, they might consider a career that involves working with things which are tangible items. Examples include a landscaper who operates equipment and drives a truck, and a carpenter who uses tools to build furniture. Careers that involve working with people and animals require a lot of personal interaction and patience. Careers that involve working with information involve keeping track of data such as facts and statistics.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 33-34). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Have lower start-up costs. The initial cost of business start-ups depends on a number of variables. One factor that influences start-up expense is work space. Because a home-based business is run from the business owner's residential dwelling, it lowers the cost by not having to rent space or build a facility. Entrepreneurial ventures do not guarantee steady income or higher profit margins. The degree of professional training depends on the type of business the entrepreneur is running. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that most home-based business owners require less technical training.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
95. A
Guidance office. Most schools have a guidance office that local businesses often contact when they are looking for workers. Students searching for jobs should check the listings that are posted in the guidance office. The guidance office also will have information about those job openings that will be helpful to students wishing to apply. The athletic department, computer lab, and auditorium usually do not maintain lists of available jobs although staff in those offices may know of jobs specific to their fields.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 114-115). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. D
Having a personal data sheet. A personal data sheet is a list of information such as the applicant's Social Security number; the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of references; dates of previous employment; grade-point average; and any other data that might be asked for on a job application. Job applicants who prepare and use a personal data sheet can fill out job applications quickly, easily, and accurately because they have all the data they need on the sheet. Job applications are generally filled out by hand not by computer. Keeping a file of job leads helps the applicant to organize his/her search for a job. Knowing someone at the business would not necessarily help a job applicant to complete a job application.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 44-46]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
97. B
Include anything that the applicant forgot to mention. Many job applicants find the interview process nerve-wracking. After the interview, an applicant may think of some important fact about himself/herself that they forgot to tell the interviewer. It is appropriate for the applicant to include this information in a follow-up letter, which could help the him/her to get the job. A letter is not likely to overcome the impression that a nervous applicant made during an interview, but it may modify it somewhat. Letters demonstrate written communication skills, not oral. Interviewers must remain objective in order to hire the most qualified candidate for the job, which makes it unlikely that a hiring decision would be based on a letter.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. C
Online. Many businesses maintain job application information online which makes it possible for individuals to submit online applications. However, it is still important to write a letter of application and include the letter as part of the online application. The purpose of the letter is to express interest in a specific job and provide basic information about qualifications. When applying for jobs in person or by telephone, it is often not necessary to write a letter of application. Individuals usually do not apply for jobs indirectly.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 55-57]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
99. A
Kelly volunteers at a local radio station. One way to obtain work experience is by volunteering. Volunteer work involves donating time without pay to complete tasks or projects. By volunteering at the radio station, Kelly can gain insight about a potential career interest, and she gains experience that might help her obtain a paying position in radio in the future. Hiring someone to cut the lawn or perform contract work involves payment. Researching careers might provide Sarah with insight, but this activity won't provide her with on-the-job experience.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 55). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. A
Planning. Planning includes deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Managers begin the planning process by determining the goals and objectives they want the business to achieve. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done. Staffing is finding workers for the business, and controlling is monitoring the quantities being produced as well as the efficiency of production.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1075
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. This means that the owner is liable for the debts of the business. A corporation is owned by its stockholders who share the responsibility for debts. A hybrid is a form of business ownership that combines elements of corporations and either sole proprietorships or partnerships.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
What are the author's credentials? When identifying sources that provide relevant, valid written material, the researcher evaluates a variety of factors, including the credibility of the author. A credible author would have expertise and knowledge of the topic at hand. For example, an economics professor's article about aggregate demand would tend to be more trustworthy than if the article was written by a construction worker. Research reports should look at a topic from different viewpoints to ensure that it is objective and free of bias. Whether the author can be quoted or if a bibliography is required are not questions that address the reliability of the online information.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Ormondroyd, J., Engle, M., & Cosgrove, T. (2011, April 5). Critically analyzing information sources. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://olinuris.library.cornell.edu/ref/research/skill26.htm
3. B
Table of contents. When trying to locate specific information from a lengthy document or a book, it often saves time to first look at the table of contents. The table of contents is the portion of the text in which the sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. For example, if Brandon wants to obtain information about industry trends, he can look at the table of contents, find the section that discusses trends, and turn to the designated page of the document to read the desired information. The bibliography contains the citations or sources used to construct the primary document. The appendices are the segments added to the end of the primary document that include supporting information. Some research reports contain an analysis of the document's contents or research. By looking at the table of contents, the reader can determine if the desired information is included in the appendices or analysis sections of the report.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 460, 473]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
4. C
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker, and its desire to hear what the speaker has to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. D
Remember only so much information at one time. It is usually effective to verbally explain simple directions or instructions. However, if the directions or instructions are more complicated, employees usually are better able to follow written directions. The human brain is capable of remembering only so much information at one time. If the verbal directions or instructions are long and complicated, many employees will have difficulty remembering and following them. On the other hand, employees can refer to written directions or instructions at any time if they forget a step or a process. Body language might indicate if employees understand verbal directions or instructions. Employees usually are encouraged to ask questions and provide feedback to clarify their understanding of directions or instructions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 113-116]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. B
Taking steps to minimize barriers. Active listening involves the use of nonverbal cues, paraphrasing, questioning, and other techniques to let a speaker know that a message has been heard and understood. Barriers such as telephone calls, loud music, and other noises can hinder the ability to focus on what the speaker is saying. Taking steps to minimize barriers, such as closing a door, or letting a phone call go to voice mail can decrease distractions and improve active listening. Active listeners wait until a speaker has finished talking before asking questions. Interrupting the speaker is rude and distracting. If the listener pays attention only to the points s/he wants to hear, the message may be misunderstood.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 52-54]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
7. C
The exchange of ideas and information. Understanding must also exist before good communication is possible. Signals, gestures, and printed materials may all be involved in communication.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 178-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. B
I don't want to know you. There are several situations in which nonverbal communication is a better indicator of a person's attitude than words. In this situation, Hank has made a polite verbal response, but he has indicated by refusing to shake hands that he is not glad to meet Jeremy and does not really want to know Jeremy. Even if they had met before, shaking hands would have been appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 30-32). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
9. D
Verbal. Individuals who have effective verbal skills have the ability to communicate with the use of words. When explaining and defending their ideas objectively, individuals often are speaking to others and using verbal communication. Having effective verbal skills enables individuals to speak in an organized manner and present information in a logical order. They are able to speak clearly and provide supporting information in a way that others will understand. Individuals do not necessarily need to have effective technical, computer, or reading skills to be able to explain and defend their ideas objectively.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 184-187). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
10. C
Varying tone. Employees who answer the telephone for a business should not speak in a monotone but vary the tone of voice to reflect their interest and enthusiasm. Their voices should project sincerity, be easy to understand, and have a friendly tone. Decisiveness and stern control might give a negative impression.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 33-34]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
11. A
Listen carefully. Brooke must listen to the speaker so she can identify the key points that she wants to write down. By noting the key points, Brooke will be able to refer the most important information when she needs it later. Effective note-taking does not involve answering questions or expressing opinions. Brooke might need her notes to develop a briefing, which is a summary of important information or instructions.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Student Planning Center. (n.d.). Effective note-taking. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://slc.berkeley.edu/studystrategies/calren/notetaking1.html
12. B
Chronological. When describing a process or historical information, the writer may need to present the facts in chronological order. By describing the steps or events in the sequence in which they occur, the writer is presenting the information in a logical manner, which helps the readers understand the content. When presenting information in an inverted order, the writer is describing the steps or processes in reverse order. Concurrent means that activities are being performed at the same time.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Malamed, C. (2012). Ways to organize information. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://theelearningcoach.com/elearning_design/we-design-information-too/
13. A
Initialisms. An initialism is an abbreviation for a word a modern form of shorthand that is commonly used when writing informal messages, such as e-mail and text messages. Some businesses and industries use initialisms as part of their organizational culture. Examples of initialisms include FYI (for your information), 2L8 (too late), and LOL (laugh out loud). Because many people do not use or understand initialisms, it is best not to use them when writing professional e-mails. A conjunction is a word that connects two words or phrases (e.g., and, or, but). A modifier is an adjective or adverb. An antonym is a word that means the opposite of another word (e.g., hot, cold).
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 94]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. B
Clarity. Communication that is expressed clearly is described as having clarity. Caution is carefully stating a point in order to avoid conflict or misunderstanding. Courtesy involves the use of tact and consideration, while consensus is group opinion.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 156-157]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. A
Basic information. Businesses often write letters of inquiry to other businesses to request information and literature or to order goods or services. These types of letters are routine and should contain only the information the receiver needs in order to respond. It is not necessary to provide complex instructions or technical explanations when writing routine letters. Letters of inquiry usually do not contain confidential data because they are making requests rather than providing information.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 225-226]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. A
The change may improve the business. Many companies encourage their employees to make suggestions by providing suggestion boxes or by meeting regularly with employees and asking for their suggestions. Not all change is good or motivational to workers. The employees who suggest changes may not feel appreciated unless their changes are adopted.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2012). Harness the power of an employee suggestion program: Beyond the suggestion box. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://humanresources.about.com/od/quality/a/suggestion_pro.htm
17. B
Work in different cities. Telephone conferences are efficient ways to hold meetings for people who are in different locations. Telephone conferences allow for immediate verbal communication. The job function of telephone conference participants is not relevant. A video conference is an ideal way to have a meeting that requires the use of visual aids for employees in remote locations. Text messaging is not as efficient as telephone conferencing when multiple people are involved.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 100-101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
They may be fired. More people lose their jobs because they can't get along with other people than for any other reason. Establishing positive customer/client relations is very important to a business's success. Employees who damage customer relations are not likely to be promoted or given awards. Benefits cannot be taken away for misconduct.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 96, 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
19. A
Use customer names in conversations. Customers enjoy hearing their names, and they feel important when they realize employees have taken the time to learn them. You should maintain eye contact, not stare. You should speak at a comfortable volume not too loudly or too softly. You should try, whenever possible, to resolve customers' problems without involving a supervisor.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Solomon, M. (2011, April 13). Seven tips for building customer loyalty. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/219475
20. C
To answer customers' inquiries. Customers expect a business's employees to be able to answer all of their inquiries, especially those about products the customers want to buy. When employees can answer customer inquiries, they help to create a good image for the business. Being knowledgeable about the business and its products may enable employees to help each other, but that is not a primary reason for them to be knowledgeable. Knowledgeable employees do not necessarily create publicity for the business or reduce its promotional budget.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 224-225]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
21. B
Maintain eye contact. As an employee, you want to show customers that you want to listen. To do this, you should maintain eye contact, look and act interested, avoid doing other things, concentrate on what the customer is saying, and ask questions to clarify, when appropriate. You should strive to minimize your talking while maximizing your active listening. Defending company policy before the customer has finished speaking may make the customer angry. Also, you should not raise your voice; instead, talk softly and slowly. Remember, customers take their cues from you.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. C
Getting all the facts. Permit the customer to state the complaint without interruption. Restate the complaint to ensure that there are no misunderstandings on either side. Only then are you prepared to handle the problem. The person handling the complaint should not argue with the customer or try to control the situation by keeping the upper hand because these actions can create or fuel a heated situation. Company policy for handling complaints should be followed, not adjusted, since this ensures all customers will be treated in the same manner.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 52-53). Mason, OH: South-Western.
23. D
Lose credibility. A brand promise is a business's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. An example of a brand promise is a large company that pledges to deliver backorders within 24 hours. If the company consistently fails to deliver backorders within 24 hours, customers are likely to become upset, which may cause the company to lose its credibility. A business that loses credibility with its customers tends to lose sales and market share because its customers will likely find new sources to fulfill their needs. Liability refers to a debt, (e.g., money), that the company owes and does not always affect a company's ability to fulfill its brand promise.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Ubrander. (2006, August 31). How do I create a brand marketing plan? Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://ubrander.wordpress.com/2006/08/31/how-do-i-create-a-brandmarketing-plan/
24. C
Human. Economic resources are those things that make it possible to produce and sell the goods and services needed or wanted by consumers. The three major types of economic resources are natural resources, human resources, and capital goods. Human resources are people who work to produce goods and services. Some resources are scarce, or in short supply; valuable; or international, if they are available everywhere.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. B
Level of productivity. The general economic growth of a country depends upon its level of productivity. For example, the level of productivity in the United States has given the country a wealth of goods and services which allows its citizens to reach a certain standard of living. Gross domestic product is the final, total value of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. GDP serves as a measure of economic growth.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
26. A
Product's utility. The basic demand for a product is not determined by its price but by its utility, or usefulness, to a potential consumer. If consumers believe the business's new product will benefit them, there is likely to be demand for it. The costs of production, government policies, and the number of producers are factors that affect supply.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. A
Buy less of the product. Likewise, if customers feel that the price is relatively low, they will buy more. Customers affect prices of products through the use of their economic votes by deciding to buy or not to buy. Most retail prices are not negotiable or of interest to the Better Business Bureau, which tries to protect consumers from fraud. Many customers will complain about prices, but few would take the time to make a formal, written complaint.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More is Less (Price)
28. A
Human resources management. One of the major responsibilities of human resources management is staffing the organization with qualified workers. Management is also responsible for organizing the staff, which could be according to a chain of command that designates specific levels of authority. Line and staff is a method of defining employees by their positions within the business. Line employees are involved in producing the business's products, while staff employees are not involved in production but provide support to that effort. Operations includes all of the activities involved in the day-to-day running of the business.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
29. A
Risk. In a business venture, the outcome is uncertain, there is a chance of loss, and no one knows what may happen. This is risk. In some cases, the risk can be reduced by planning certain kinds of protection, such as insurance, but not all risk is insurable. The incentive for going into business is the belief that it will succeed, and the reward will be profit.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Profit)
30. A
Pure. Pure risks are risks that carry with them the possibility of loss or no loss. Pure risks are generally insurable. Speculative risks are risks that may result in a loss, no change, or a gain. Economic risks are changes in the market that force prices to be lowered. Human risks are caused by human weakness and unpredictability.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
31. D
Minimum-wage law. An example of a government fiscal control that regulates business practices is the minimum-wage law. The minimum-wage law is a federal law that sets the lowest amount of hourly wages that a business may pay its employees. Businesses are required to pay their employees no less than the hourly rate set by government. Copyright laws protect books and other artistic works and give their creators sole rights to them for 28 years. Zoning laws protect the value of business property. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a producer to identify a good or service, and it can be registered with the government to prevent use by others.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. C
Economizing. Economizing is the process of deciding how scarce resources will be used or which goods and services will be purchased or provided so that the most satisfaction can be obtained. All businesses try to economize in order to obtain the greatest satisfaction from their limited resources. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economic Activities)
33. B
Motivated. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are motivated. They have a strong desire to succeed. They often set high standards for themselves so that whatever they do is evaluated in terms of their goals. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are not necessarily prosperous or impatient. Transparent people are who they say they are and have nothing to hide.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. A
Raise. Any activity or achievement that makes you feel good about yourself will boost your self-esteem. Doing things you don't feel good about could hinder, lower, or damage your self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. C
Self-control. By not saying anything to Anna and concentrating on his duties, Alex is demonstrating selfcontrol. He is restraining his feelings, words, and actions toward Anna's complaining. Assertiveness is the ability to express yourself; communicate your point of view; and stand up for your rights, principles, and beliefs, while respecting authority and being tactful. Interest and enthusiasm is showing interest in those around you, the goods/services that you market, and in your business in general. Adaptability is flexibility, the ability to adjust to changing conditions.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
36. B
Self-confidence. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Selfconfident people adhere to their personal code of ethics, even when others do not agree with or are critical of those opinions, decisions, or behaviors. Creative thinking involves the use of the creativethinking process to generate unique ideas, approaches, or solutions. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. Optimism is a positive attitude.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2012). Building self-confidence. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
37. C
Lose trust in yourself. If you "go along with the crowd" instead of standing up for what you believe in, you are likely to lose trust in yourself. Responsible behavior means always being true to what you believe is right. When you waver on your own values, you lose trust in and credibility with both yourself and others. When you go along with what others want to do, you are less likely to do the right thing or get what you want and need.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. D
Taking a day of sick leave to play golf. Employees usually are allowed a certain number of sick days to be used in the event of health or medical problems. Employers expect employees to use sick days for legitimate reasons. It is considered unethical for an employee to use a sick day for recreational activities or vacation. Clocking out at the end of the day is standard practice in many businesses. Employees may schedule vacation for the length of time they are entitled, which may be two weeks. Many businesses allow employees to work four 10-hour days, which amounts to a 40-hour week.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4 Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
39. B
Believe that problems can be overcome. People who take a positive attitude handle life's problems better than others because they believe problems are temporary aggravations that can be endured or overcome. Setting reasonable goals is not part of handling problems. Positive people are more likely to be tolerant than others, and they expect life to be good rather than full of problems.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. B
Self-control. Self-control enables individuals to manage their lives by using discipline and will power. Perseverance is steadfastness, which is a desirable personal trait. Initiative is the willingness to take action without waiting to be told to do so. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14 Control Yourself! (Self-Control)
41. D
Maintain an open attitude. Because everyone receives both positive and negative feedback, it is important to learn how to handle both types of it. To handle criticism in an effective and appropriate manner, a person must be open to others' opinions and points of view. It is often a good idea for a person to ask a neutral third party for advice after s/he considers the criticism but disagrees with it. In addition, a person should ask specific questions about the criticism and implement the source's suggestions after the SOURCE: is finished speaking.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. C
Inevitable. Change involves altering the form, nature, content, or future course of something. Change is constant and unavoidable. Although many people seem to resist change, it is often beneficial. Many changes are announced before they actually occur so that people can be prepared for them. For example, a company informs employees that it will install a new computer system July 1, or the government says postage rates will increase in two months.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N., & Achua, C.F. (2010). Leadership: Theory, application, & skill development(4th ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
43. A
Respecting the privacy. When employees respect the privacy of others in the workplace, they are more likely to gain the trust and respect of their coworkers and managers. Respecting coworkers' privacy means that an employee does not read correspondence that is not addressed to him/her. In addition, the employee does not listen to others' private conversations or go through their personal belongings. In the example, Amanda waited until her coworker Jeff returned from lunch to obtain a file that she needed. Because she did not go through Jeff's workspace, she was respecting rather than violating his privacy. The example does not indicate that Amanda's intention was to correct Jeff's work or to reinforce his efforts she simply needed to review information in the file.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 267). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. B
Sensitivity. Being sensitive to others' feelings helps us to know what those feelings are, to understand them, and to put ourselves in that person's place. If we are indifferent, wary, or treat others with formality, we cannot be empathetic.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
45. D
You did a wonderful job decorating that cake. "You did a wonderful job decorating that cake is an exammple of sensitive communication. Sensitive communication means putting "you" before "I." The other sentences focus on "I" or "we" rather than "you."
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: QS LAP 25 More Than Just Talk
46. C
Preventing others from taking advantage of her. Assertive people don't take advantage of others or allow others to take advantage of them. They don't refrain from expressing their thoughts and ideas. They do not say "no" to all requests and do not feel guilty about saying "no" when necessary. They also ask for help when it is needed.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 200-201). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. A
You. "You" statements tend to place blame and fault on the other party. As a result, the other person tends to become defensive and angry. Then, conflict resolution becomes more difficult. "I" statements are used to convey beliefs, perceptions, and feelings, and are preferred because they don't blame or fault the other party. "Me" and "it" are not terms that are widely used to describe the types of sentences that people use during the conflict resolution process.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
48. B
Good visions have permanent results. A vision is a desire for the future that is achieved over time with determination and hard work. Good visions create positive results and may involve the input of many people over a long period of time. Visions are not based on mission statements, nor do they start out with specific goals. Visions are timeless rather than time bound.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11 Picture This!
49. C
Flexibility. Flexibility is a coaching characteristic that means you can accept change. If something isn't working, you adapt. Enthusiasm means that you help your coachee to be excited about the work s/he is doing. Approachability means that you have the type of attitude and demenaor that says, "You can always talk to me. I'm here to help." Dependability means being the type of person others can count on.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7 Bring Out the Best
50. D
Coworkers with empathy are better able to understand others. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. When you can "walk in someone else's shoes," even though you have not had the same experiences, you are better able to understand and to get along with that person. Empathy cannot prevent disagreements, help workers to understand legal guidelines, or enable them to learn a job quickly.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20 Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
51. B
Businesses pay 0.75% of each debit card sale to the bank that handles the billing. Although businesses pay a percentage of their credit sales to the bank that handles the credit card transactions, they pay a flat fee for each debit card transaction, regardless of the amount of the sale. Therefore, debit card transactions usually cost business less than credit card charges do. Because a business is informed during the debit card transaction if the customer has insufficient funds, there is no risk of the business not getting paid. It is easier for customers to get debit cards than credit cards, and businesses get their money sooner when customers use debit cards instead of checks.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 334-337). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. D
Dividends. A dividend is a sum of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The corporation usually pays dividends by check to stockholders on a quarterly basis. The stockholder can deposit the dividend check into a savings or checking account or convert it to cash. Credit, deposits, and cash are not forms of income that are earned by owning stock.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 274-275). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. A
The time value of money. Kimberly understands that the $1,000 available to her now is worth more than the same $1,000 two years from now. By placing the $1,000 in a savings account now, she can earn interest on that $1,000. So, in two years, she will have more than $1,000 to put toward her college expenses. The absolute advantage is the advantage achieved when a nation can produce a good or service for less than another nation. Capital gains are earnings from the appreciation of a stock investment, and Kimberly is not purchasing stock with the money. The foreign exchange rate is the value of a currency in relation to another currency at a given time.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 15-19, 30-36]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
54. B
Installment credit account. This type of credit is used to purchase large, expensive items such as furniture or appliances. Customers know exactly how much is due each month and how long they will be making payments. Revolving credit usually has a credit limit, and there is no set time for payment in full. Secured loans are funds obtained when the borrower pledges to the lender some valuable possession, such as real estate, stocks and bonds, machinery, or the cash value of a life insurance policy. Unsecured loans are funds obtained by simply signing a promissory note to repay the loan. These loans are usually for a short period of time.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
55. D
Realize what it takes to get the things you really want. Financial planning is a good way to realize what it takes to get the things you really want. It is not a method for stopping all impulsive purchases nor is it a way to achieve your professional goals. And, even the best financial planning can't guarantee you'll retire with a substantial amount of money in the bank.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
56. C
Earnings. Her employer will have kept track of her earnings and withheld the correct amount from each paycheck. She will not pay a tax on property because she does not own land or real estate. She has not inherited any money from a relative, or received a large gift of money so she will not have to pay taxes on wealth. She pays taxes on purchases when she makes those purchases, not when she prepares her income taxes.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. D
Gross pay. Gross pay is the total income earned for the pay period before income taxes and other deductions are subtracted from the wages. Net pay is the amount of money that the worker receives after the taxes and other deductions have been subtracted from his/her wages. Tax-exempt income includes revenues that are not taxed, such as tax refunds, veteran's benefits, and welfare benefits. Overtime income is the amount of money that an hourly worker earns for working more hours than s/he is normally scheduled to work.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 611, 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
The spelled out check amount is used if the numbers are unclear. The spelled out check amount is relied on when the bank or check recipient cannot easily decipher the numbers recorded on the check. The "Pay to the order of" identifies who can cash the check. The bank's routing number appears in the MICR line at the bottom of your check. The memo line is used to designate the check's purpose.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: The Beehive. (2001-2011). How to write a check. Retrieved January 20, 2011, from http://www.thebeehive.org/money/spend-it/how-write-check
59. B
Cash; full. Paying the statement in full will assure that she does not have to pay extra interest on the balance, and will help improve her credit history. Paying in cash is better for her credit history's health than paying with another card, because eventually she will have to pay the money owed on the other card. Paying for one card with another can lead to a downward spiral of credit card debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Woolsey, B. (2005, July 12). Staying out of trouble with credit cards. Retrieved August 18, 2010, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-for-good-credit1267.php
60. D
Cancel all of his credit and debit cards. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g. credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. The first thing Cameron should do when he realizes he has lost his wallet is to cancel his credit cards. By canceling the credit cards, Cameron will protect himself in the event that someone finds his wallet and attempts to use the credit cards. Financial institutions and businesses (e.g., retailers) issue credit cards, not government agencies. Cameron should contact the proper law enforcement authorities (e.g., police) if he thinks his wallet is stolen. He can report a lost wallet, and he can also change the passwords for his online banking accounts. However, the first thing he should do is to cancel his credit and debit cards.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). DETER: Minimize your risk. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/deter.html
61. D
Verify credentials. When selecting a financial-services provider, it is important to make sure that the provider is qualified. One way to do this is to verify the provider's credentials. In many areas, financialservices providers must pass an exam or obtain a license. These credentials verify that the provider has the necessary training and background to give financial advice, help develop financial plans, and make investments. Individuals organize their records before meeting with a financial-services provider. Tax forms are completed in accordance to government regulations. Planning an investment takes place after selecting a qualified provider.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 260-261). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Municipal bond. Municipal bonds are lending investments offered by municipalities, not banks. Savings accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit are all offered by banks.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32 Risky Business
63. B
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. This includes the liabilities, or debts, that the business owes. The bank found that the owner's current liabilities were too high to be extended. Budgets show estimated income and expenses but not what is currently owed. Income statements would include the income and expenses for a specific period of time but would not include outstanding debts.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
64. C
Going concern. Generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are universal rules that accountants use when they prepare and summarize financial reports. Presenting financial information in a consistent format helps accounting professionals understand financial information across many types of businesses and industries. When setting up an accounting system, accountants consider three assumptions going concern, business entity, and accounting period. Going concern assumes that the business will go on forever (indefinitely). Business entity is the assumption that the owner(s) and the business are independent units. The third assumption is the accounting period, which indicates that each business is divided into specific increments of time for the purpose of reporting financial data (e.g., month, quarter, annual). Tangible existence and open reality are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-year course) [pp. 32-34]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
65. B
Working capital management. A company's current balance of assets and liabilities falls under the focus of working capital management. Working capital management involves short-term decisions about cash flow. Return on capital is a component of working capital management that refers to how well a business is generating cash flow in relation to its invested capital. Capital investment decisions are made for the long-term and do not relate to current assets and liabilities. The cash conversion cycle is a component of working capital management that refers to how long a business's money is "tied up" between purchasing raw materials and receiving cash from sales.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. D
Job orientation. Many organizations, particularly larger ones, provide job orientation for all employees to help them learn their new jobs quickly. An exit interview is a discussion with an employee who is leaving the company. An attitude survey assesses the way employees think or feel about their work environment. A performance evaluation rates an employee's job performance so that s/he knows what is satisfactory and what, if anything, needs improvement.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human reSOURCE: management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
67. C
Hopefulness. Most things can be marketed including goods (durable and nondurable), services, organizations, places, ideas, and people. Included are holidays, health, and Hawaii. However, since hopefulness is an optimistic state of mind, it is not likely that it can be marketed.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
68. D
Specific problems. Businesses need a variety of information to be able to make decisions and solve problems. The type of information they need depends on the business and the specific problem. For example, a retail business might need information about different suppliers because the current supplier is not performing adequately and the business wants to find a replacement. Businesses do not assess their information needs to deal with job applicants, personal relationships, or ethical issues.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
69. C
An article written by a Harvard economics professor that was published in a business magazine last month. When evaluating the quality of online information, it is important to consider factors such as the SOURCE: type, the author's expertise, and the publication date. The Harvard professor has extensive knowledge about the topic of economics. The article was published last month, so it likely reflects current events and is up-to-date. A college student and a 16-year-old entrepreneur do not have the level of expertise that the professor has. The 2009 report and a 2005 textbook are not as up-to-date as an article written last month.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). How to determine the validity of a research article. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5035804_determine-validity-researcharticle.html
70. A
Constantly changing. Information management can be a challenge because the business world is constantly changing. Companies can't sit back and assume their current programs will continue to fit the bill. They must stay alert to information management needs and trends and be willing to adjust accordingly. Business technology is always changing and, more and more, companies' information is electronic rather than paper. Employees often suffer from too much information, known as information overload.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. D
The weather. Though humans can study the weather to understand and prepare for it better, it is not considered a technological innovation, and it was not invented by humans. The wheel, the Internet, and the cell phone are all considered technological innovations invented and improved upon by humans.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
72. C
E-business. E-business goes beyond buying and selling electronically as referred to in e-commerce. It also includes providing service to customers and suppliers and enabling interactive communication such as teleconferencing. URLs are Internet addresses, while web sites are collections of web pages.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Jensen, B. (n.d.). Jensen's technology glossary. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.translationdirectory.com/glossaries/glossary017_e.htm
73. C
Can be forwarded to others. When employees write e-mail messages to coworkers or customers, the recipients of the messages can forward them to others without the sender's knowledge or permission. Therefore, employees should be cautious about the content of e-mail messages because they have no control over what the recipients do with the e-mails. It is best not to include personal or sensitive information in e-mails, particularly if the sender wants the information to remain private. E-mail messages are not private conversations, do not take a long time to prepare, and are not considered formal correspondence.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: About.com. (n.d.). How to forward e-mails. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://email.about.com/od/howtoforwardemails/How_to_Forward_Emails.htm
74. C
Hyperlink. Many pages on the World Wide Web are connected by hyperlinks. A business's home page may include hyperlinks that users can click on to jump to other pages on the business's web site. Some businesses include hyperlinks from their web sites to other related sites. For example, a business searching government agencies might be able to jump from the FBI's site to the CIA's site by clicking on the hyperlink for that agency. An attachment is an electronic file attached to an e-mail message. A banner is a type of online ad that appears at the side or bottom of the web page. A symbol is a representation of something.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 164, 405]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
75. A
Cut, paste. Business employees use word-processing software programs to create text documents, such as letters, memos, and reports. Most word-processing programs have options that allow the user to move text from one part of the document to another. To move text, the user highlights the text, touches the "cut" button, which removes the text from its current position. The user moves the curser to the new location and touches the "paste" button, which places the text in the new location. This simple process saves time for business employees because they do not need to delete and retype the information. The "copy" button duplicates the text but does not remove it from its current location. A "find and replace" function helps the user to electronically locate and change words within the document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 503]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
76. C
Transition. Presentation-software applications provide computer users with the option to add different sound and visual effects when moving from slide to slide. This option is called a transition. The transition makes the presentation more interesting and visually appealing. The ability to add visual and sound effects between presentation-software slides is not referred to as a feed, jump, or lead.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to create transition effects in PowerPoint. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_12105_create-transition-effects.html
77. A
Database. Database software programs are used to collect, sort, organize, and analyze information quickly. A cruise line would use database software to maintain a list of recent passengers and their cabin preferences. The cruise line could sort the information according to various factors, such as the passengers' addresses, and develop mailing lists to promote upcoming cruises. Businesses use presentation software to develop visual aids to supplement an oral presentation. Communication software programs are used to send information from one computer to another. Word-processing software programs are used for writing and editing documents.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. D
$2,578.70. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses often use spreadsheet software to calculate commissions or to analyze the effect that raising the commission rate would have on operating expenses. In this example, the business is considering raising the rate by 1%. Calculating how much more the business will owe the salespeople is a simple process using spreadsheet programs because all the business needs to do is change the commission rate and the program will automatically calculate the new amount of commission due. To calculate the difference, first add the total sales and multiply by 1% to determine the increase ($62,500 + $66,350 + $65,100 + $63,920 = $257,870; $257,870 X 1% or .01 = $2,578.70).
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. D
An overview of the content that is visually interesting. The first thing a reader should see on a web page is the basic, rather than detailed, information about the web-page sponsor. Then, readers should be able to click on links to connect them to more detailed information or items of interest. To capture the reader's attention, the page should be visually interesting, which includes the appropriate use of color and smaller graphics. Since larger graphics tend to take longer to appear on the computer screen, some individuals might become frustrated because they must wait. Oftentimes, people will not go beyond the initial screen if they feel it takes too long. Therefore, it is preferable to use smaller graphics. Typefaces should be limited since too many of them can be visually distracting.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 214-218). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
80. D
Function effectively. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Operations make sure that there are materials and supplies available so employees can do their jobs. Operations make sure the physical facility is in good condition so work can be performed efficiently. Effective operations are important because the activities help to increase productivity and make the business successful. Operations are not involved in making sure that the business is able to motivate employees, sell quickly, or inventory products.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. D
Whistleblowing. A whistleblower is a person who reveals any wrongdoings or malpractices that are taking place within an organization. Jane attempted to resolve a potential problem internally with her manager, but needed to go outside her organization to get the problem resolved. Countries, such as the U.S. and Canada, have whistleblower laws that protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Attempting to ensure the safety of others is not being a tattle tale it is being a responsible adult. Because it can be interpreted by some people as tattling, whistleblower laws may be used to protect the person who reports noncompliance. Jane is attempting to prevent an accident; one has not occurred, yet. Security procedures are set in place by a company's management. Jane is reporting noncompliance that may result in a company's deciding to establish new security procedures.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Bainbridge, Ross. (2007, January 8). Whistleblower definition. Retrieved October 16, 2012, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Whistleblower-Definition&id=410263
82. C
Business risk. The firm's business risk increased because of the chance of accident or injury, which could result in lawsuits, medical expenses, and other losses. Economic risks are risks caused by changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, a change of product, or failure of businesses. Increased sales and employment would be positive outcomes of a business's policy.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 399-402). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
83. A
Determine the severity of the injury. Determining the severity of the injury helps the employee to determine what should be done next. If the injury is severe or life threatening, then an ambulance should be called. Calling an ambulance or notifying a supervisor should not be done until after the severity of the injury is determined. The severity of the accident will indicate whether to administer first aid. Filing a report would generally be the last aspect of handling an accident.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial and systems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
84. D
The risk of theft. Security methods and devices protect the physical building as well as the equipment, fixtures, records, and goods stored inside. If used properly, they protect the business from the risk of theft of money and other valuables and even loss of life. Security precautions cannot protect a business from natural disasters, such as floods and lightning. Economic depressions are long periods of decline in the gross national product characterized by a period of severely lowered production, curtailed purchasing of goods and services, and high unemployment. Foreclosure is a legal procedure to sell the assets of a business that has not paid its mortgage.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 383-385]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
85. D
The last employee to leave a business facility after business hours fails to set the security alarm. To protect their personal well-being, the well-being of coworkers and customers, and the business's property, employees need to follow their employers' security procedures. If the employee is the last person to leave the business facility, s/he needs to ensure that the doors are locked and the security alarm is set. If the security alarm is not set, it increases the risk of theft because it makes it easier for a thief to break into the building to steal money, inventory, or equipment. Installing electronic locks and security windows, updating antivirus software, and shredding unneeded documents are activities that reduce the risk of security breaches.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 48-51, 60-61). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. C
Informal. The informal buying method is often effective for small food markets and usually involves calling several vendors to obtain prices. Then, the market calls the lowest bidder to place an order. This is a simple process that reduces the need for a lot of paperwork. Also, orders can be placed quickly. Formal buying methods require more paperwork and usually written quotes rather than verbal quotes over the phone. Competitive-bid, negotiated, and standing-order are formal buying methods that take more time than informal methods.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 205-213). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
87. C
Bought by consumers. The purpose of the production process is to change resources into useful products that meet consumers' needs. Many raw materials are not useful in their original form but are transformed through the production process into useful items that consumers want to buy. Storing, shipping, and packing are activities that take place after the production process.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. A
Routine. Routine activities are those which are done on a daily or regular basis. Occasional activities happen at irregular or infrequent intervals, and they may be unscheduled or unplanned. An efficient activity is one that is carried out in the most effective manner.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. C
Realistic. Realistic goals are those that are possible to achieve with a reasonable amount of effort. Goals should be as specific as possible, since vague, general goals may not be motivational. The goal must be personal in order to be meaningful to the individual. It can be either short term or long term.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. D
Interests. Interests are the things about which a person is curious or concerned. They can cover a broad range of subjects, both mental and physical. Aptitudes are a person's abilities to do certain kinds of things. There is no indication in this situation that Chris has the abilities, skills, or aptitudes to participate in space exploration.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. B
Use and handle the equipment with care. A business expects its employees to carefully handle and use the business's office equipment. Equipment such as photocopiers, fax machines, and computers are expensive investments for the business and can cost a lot of money to maintain and fix. Therefore, the business expects its employees to be careful with the equipment to reduce the risk of equipment breakdowns. Business managers, rather than employees, develop procedures for equipment handling. For example, a business might delegate responsibility to the office manager to contact service vendors when equipment needs to be fixed or maintained. It is not always necessary to call service people when equipment is not working correctly, such as a paper jam in a photocopier, which can usually be removed carefully by an employee. Employees should receive training to operate basic office equipment so they do not need to interrupt coworkers to ask them to perform simple tasks (e.g., fax documents) that they can easily do themselves.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 33]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. B
Trade associations. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry who form a society to solve their common problems. Trade associations provide in-depth information about various jobs in their industries. This information includes skills, training, and education necessary to perform particular jobs in specific industries. Much of this information is often found on a trade association's web site. The web site might also provide links to other resources that have additional information about the field or industry. Local newspapers, college recruiters, and marketing consultants might be able to provide general career information about a specific field or topic of interest.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 53). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. A
Take ability assessment tests. Ability assessment tests help individuals to identify their skills and their capacity to perform certain tasks. These tests will help them to decide what type of career would be of interest to them based on their skills. For example, a person with good communication skills might be interested in a career in sales or marketing. People cannot identify tentative career interests by finding out which majors are popular or by locating high-income occupations. Counselors may be able to suggest specific occupations based on the results of an ability assessment test.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 40). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Risk taking. Risk taking refers to the understanding and acceptance of not knowing the outcome of one's actions or circumstances. Flexibility refers to the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Self-discipline is the ability to train yourself to act in ways that will further your goals. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
95. D
Family and friends. Family and friends often are the best SOURCE: of information about job leads because they may know of openings at their own places of employment. Also, they have other contacts within the business community and may be able to refer job seekers to their associates who may have available positions. Business advisors usually provide guidance and assistance to businesses. The Occupational Outlook Handbook describes the various types of jobs available in the workplace but does not provide job leads. The Bureau of Labor Statistics analyzes current data to project what types of jobs will be needed in the future but does not offer leads.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 33]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. B
Listening. It is important for job applicants to listen carefully to what the interviewers are saying and asking. Failure to pay close attention may result in the applicants' giving incorrect information or not completely answering the questions. Not listening also may indicate to an interviewer that an applicant is not interested in the position. Applicants should not read materials while an interviewer is asking questions. Applicants should wait until the interviewer has completed the question before talking. On occasion, applicants may write notes about what the interviewer is saying, but they should not let that interfere with their ability to listen carefully.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 67-68]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
97. A
Highlights of skills and experience. A letter of application is a formal communication that states an applicant's interest in a specific job opening. In the opening paragraph, the applicant should explain why s/he is writing, and indicate which position s/he is applying for. In the body of the letter, the applicant should highlight his/her skills and experience and describe why s/he is a good candidate for the position. The body of the letter should also ask the reader to review the applicant's résumé, which the applicant should include with the letter. The closing paragraph should ask the reader for an interview. Questions about the job and reasons for leaving a current job are topics that the applicant and interviewer discuss during the interview process.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. D
Present your job qualifications. A job résumé is an organized presentation of the most basic facts about a job applicant's work and school history. It is intended to show how the applicant is qualified for the job s/he is seeking. The employer who scans the résumé will know whether the applicant's background makes him/her a likely candidate for a particular job opening. Describing personal interests is optional and is often omitted. A list of references may be included, or the résumé may state that references will be provided upon request. A letter of application or a cover letter sent with the résumé requests a job interview.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 49-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
99. A
Unpaid internships often lead to full-time paid positions. An internship is training in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job practice for learners. In many situations, businesses offer hard-working interns full-time paid positions after they finish school. Some companies pay interns and some do not. Some, but not all, internship programs provide job rotation opportunities; therefore, job rotation is not always the most important aspect of an internship.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 55). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. A
First-line. First-line or supervisory managers work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. First-line managers report to the mid-level managers. Mid-level managers are responsible for implementing the goals set by executive (top-level) managers, and are the link between supervisory and executive (top-level) managers. Mid-level managers report to the executive managers. Executive managers are responsible for the whole organization and spend most of their time setting organizational goals and conducting strategic planning. A regional manager manages employees in a specific location or region. Regional managers are usually considered mid-level managers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1085
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Corporation. A corporation is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. By investing in a corporation, Mr. Brown will be one of the owners who will share in the profits of the business but will not be responsible for the day-to-day operations. A general partnership is an agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. B
Government publications. Government agencies and departments collect relevant information concerning many issues and publish the information in a written format. Therefore, government publications are a good SOURCE: of relevant, valid written material that may be useful to businesses. For example, government agencies publish information about economic and employment trends that businesses use in the planning process. Internet chat rooms are sites on which individuals communicate with each other in real time and are not a SOURCE: of relevant valid written material. Personal e-mails are messages to friends rather than a SOURCE: of relevant, valid written material. Computer-generated memos do not necessarily contain relevant, valid written material.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 682-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. C
Know when to speak. By interrupting her coach before s/he was finished giving directions, Jackie was ignoring the step of knowing when to speak. When listening to directions, try not to interrupt the person speaking. Wait until s/he seems finished with a thought before speaking or wait until all the directions have been given before you ask for clarification. In this situation, Jackie is not ignoring the tips to make eye contact, eliminate distractions, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24 Simon Says
4. D
Let the speaker know that the message has been received and understood. Active listening is primarily about understanding a speaker's meaning, not about communicating your agreement or voicing your own opinion. Active listening can help to make boring lectures more interesting, but that is not its purpose.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1 Listen Up (Active Listening)
5. A
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 425-427]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. D
Socializing with close friends. Casual communication is generally used with family and friends and may include the use of slang. Slang is informal language mutually understood within a group. For example, you gmight refer to your friends as your "buds" (buddies) when speaking with your family. However, people outside your family and circle of friends may not understand what "bud" means. They might associate the word "bud" with a rose (bud) or a leaf (bud). Formal communication is appropriate when meeting with a new customer, when interviewing for a job, or when you are being introduced to a new coworker. Formal communication involves using proper grammar and a respectful tone.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
7. B
Unbiased. Ed believes that his idea is feasible, so he needs to persuade other group members that it is too. To do this effectively, Ed needs to present his reasons and information logically and objectively without bias. Ed should present his reasons in a direct, unemotional way. If Ed is over-emotional or cynical, the group members may not take him seriously. And, if Ed presents the information in an understated or subtle way, the group members may not understand what Ed is trying to say.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 288-289]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. D
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you should think about what you want to say before speaking. Make sure that you state accurate information facts and that you don't say something in a way that is offensive to others. You should communicate facts and express opinions when appropriate. You should talk about what's on your mind. And, you should pay attention when others are speaking.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put In Your Two Cents
9. B
Geographical map. Graphics typically add interest and make information easier to understand. Maps are often appropriate graphics to use when the topic at hand relates to geographical regions. Each region depicted on the map may be color-coded by the range of sales generated to support and clarify the sales data presented in a report. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378, 380]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. C
Accomplishes its intended purpose. Written communications serve many purposes, and a test of whether a written communication was effective is whether it accomplished the purpose for which it was intended. Written communications do not need to contain a lot of information in order to be considered effective. Effective written communication takes time and effort and is not usually quick and easy to prepare. It should also be clear and should not require the reader to interpret its meaning or be open to any interpretation that the reader wants to give it.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Editing. Editing is the process of assessing the flow and clarity of written materials. Effective editing often involves reorganizing or shortening sentences, changing words, and correcting spelling and grammatical errors to improve the readability of the document. Researching is the process of gathering information for the report, which is done before the writing process begins. Organizing involves planning the order in which to present the information in the document. Formatting involves establishing the "mechanical" structure of the document, such using as block or indented paragraphs, page-number location, etc.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 161]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. B
The attached document provides you with directions to our facility. Business-related e-mail messages should reflect a professional tone. A professional e-mail message should contain proper spelling and grammar (e.g., loook and two). The writer should avoid using acronyms that reflect an informal or text-messaging style, such as "u" instead "you." Businesspeople should avoid using all capital letters in professional e-mails because the recipients might interpret them as angry messages.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. A
Have a clear purpose. In order to write an effective business letter, the letter writer should first have a specific purpose for sending the letter. That purpose should be made clear in the letter so that the recipient does not have to guess the reason for the communication. A business letter is not intended to be entertaining or to display the writer's vocabulary. Instead, the vocabulary used should be appropriate to the recipient. If the letter contains questions, they should be direct.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Young, D.J. (2006). Foundations of business communication: An integrative approach (pp. 41-44, 125-127). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. B
Contact information, product model number, and manufacturer. A letter of inquiry is a request for information. The businessperson should provide the manufacturer of the equipment and the product's model number so the letter recipient knows which item to provide a price for. The letter writer should also include his/her contact information e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address so the message recipient knows to whom or where to send the requested information. The businessperson is asking for a price but not placing an order, so the business person would not provide a purchase order number. The vendor generates an invoice after the order has been placed. If the vendor provides quantity discounts, the businessperson may need to indicate the quantity desired to provide accurate prices.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2013). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2048859_write-inquiry-letter.html
15. A
Explain that you can't discuss it. In most companies, salary information is confidential and should not be discussed. Disclosing confidential information could cause an employee to be reprimanded or fired. Employees who work with such information should not answer questions about it or offer to provide it to others. It would be overreacting to report those who ask unless the questions are repeated and create problems.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 185-186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. D
Holding a short sales-staff meeting. Short meetings are a common way to communicate information about new products, sales promotions, and inventory issues. Retail employees tend to work in shifts at different times, so a short meeting is an ideal way to communicate store information to several at one time. Retail cashiers do not usually have access to a "work" e-mail account. Sending a memo to buyers and placing sales circulars in display racks are not effective ways to communicate up-to-date product information to the store's front-line employees.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 46-48]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. D
Arguing. Business employees should never argue with other employees when participating in staff meetings. Arguing is not a productive activity and often causes hard feelings. Even if someone in the meeting tries to start an argument, it is not appropriate for employees to participate. The person leading the meeting should control the situation so arguments do not start or continue. When participating in staff meetings, employees usually talk and they often agree on issues and review important information.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. C
Pleasant courtesy. Employees should treat all customers/clients with pleasant courtesy, no matter what the circumstances. This creates good relations with the customers/clients and a good image for the business. Not all customers/clients want immediate service or would appreciate employees' broad knowledge. Witty remarks are also not appropriate in all circumstances.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 31]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
19. B
Departments. A knowledge of the location of various departments will enable the salesperson to assist customers with the greatest amount of efficiency. Products would not be kept in offices. Within a department, they may be stocked by size or color.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 31]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
20. A
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: InterNations.org. (2007-2013). International business communication. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.internations.org/magazine/international-business-issues15385/international-business-communication-2
21. A
Restating. Often, it is helpful for the employee to restate the customer's question to make sure that's what the customer actually asked. Writing down the question would only be done when the employee needed to obtain further information in order to answer the question. Employees who are trying to understand what a customer is asking would not refute or ignore the question.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 194). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Let the customer explain the problem. A complaint is an expression of dissatisfaction about a good, service, or policy. Customers who have complaints should have a chance to explain the problem without interruption. If the complaint is handled poorly, the customer may never return, but handling complaints effectively can build goodwill. The customer's comments should not be ignored, and the customer should not be made to feel that s/he is in the wrong. Handling complaints is the salesperson's responsibility, and a manager would only be called in as a last resort.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
23. A
Consistent, knowledgeable, and helpful. Employees are one of many touch points for the business. Customers often base their impressions of a business positive and negative on the interactions they have with the business's employees. Employees who are consistently friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable each time they interact with customers are building favorable relationships. These favorable relationships encourage customer loyalty and repeat sales. Employees who are too aggressive or too passive are more likely to offend customers.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 222, 244-245]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
24. D
Non-economic wants. We don't have to spend money for everything that we want, e.g., to see a rainbow or talk to a friend. To satisfy economic wants, it is necessary to spend money. Goods are tangible objects. Consumer goods are tangible items that are used by an ultimate consumer to satisfy personal wants.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
25. C
Inputs. Resources are items used to produce goods and services. Without resources, or inputs, there would be no outputs, or production. Revenues are income, some of which is usually from sales.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
26. A
Technology. Advances in technology have led to a decrease in the supply of some products and has even eliminated the supply of others. Products such as the mimeograph machine and Commodore 64 are no longer made. Buying power, production methods, and elasticity have not eliminated the supply of certain products.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. C
More wheat than corn. Because John can sell wheat at a higher price relative to corn, it would be a greater incentive for him to plant more wheat than corn because he will earn more profit. Planting an equal or lesser amount of wheat than corn will generate less profit if John can sell wheat at a higher price.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
28. C
The community. By giving money to the schools, Dow is directly benefitting the students and teachers, and indirectly benefitting the students' parents, potential employers, and other community members. Although the students and community members may also be consumers of Dow's products, they are not being benefitted through the use of those products. Dow Chemical's employees, although they may be community members, are not being benefitted through their work. The company is not being socially responsible to itself, although it may benefit from the good publicity its actions generate.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20 Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. A
Businesses. Businesses are organized efforts to produce and/or distribute goods and services. All businesses engage in specific activities that are part of the operation of that business. The primary activities in which all businesses are involved are information management, marketing, and financial analysis. Regardless of the type or size of business, those activities are essential. Economies are the systems in which people make and spend their incomes. Governments are each country's arrangement for making and enforcing laws. Societies are groups of individuals who share an environment.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
30. C
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all advantages of private enterprise.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (Private Enterprise)
31. D
Monopolistic competition. This is a type of market structure in which a lot of businesses sell similar products that have only a few differences. It is most commonly found in a private enterprise economy. Perfect competition rarely exists on a large scale. A regulated monopoly is a monopoly that government allows to exist legally under controlled conditions. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine prices.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. C
Make a profit. Making a profit is the main goal of business. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in business. By providing the best products possible, business owners increase the likelihood of making a profit. Businesses also need to be socially responsible by helping to save the environment and by providing a safe working environment.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
33. D
Cope with criticism. When self-esteem is well maintained, individuals can handle problems more easily, overcome the disappointments that are part of life, and cope with any criticism they may receive. Selfesteem cannot prevent feelings of anger from arising occasionally.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. A
You can identify strengths you wish to possess. Observing a role model can help you assess strengths and weaknesses by identifying strengths you wish to possess. A role model isn't perfect, but s/he would not be an example of weaknesses. Assessing strengths and weaknesses is something you must do on your own. Sometimes it is helpful to ask a trusted friend to help you, but a role model's job isn't to tell you your strengths and weaknesses.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. D
Enthusiastic. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. When people are positive and believe in themselves, they usually are enthusiastic and display great interest or excitement in what they do. Confident people have a good attitude and display that attitude by being enthusiastic. Individuals do not necessarily exhibit self-confidence by being creative, emotional, or reserved.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 194-198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. C
Asking questions. Few things are more indicative of genuine interest than asking relevant, appropriate questions. This lets speakers know that you have listened well and that you want to know more. Smiling, sitting or standing up straight, and appearing confident let speakers know that you are interested in what is being said, but these actions do not tell speakers that you want more information about their topic.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 423-424]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
37. B
Go home, shower, change clothes, and get to work before his starting time. Bill's first responsibility is to his employer, and he should be properly prepared and punctual for work. If he does not go home, or doesn't allow enough time to shower and change, he may be offensive to customers and coworkers and/or be late for work.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. B
Defeatist. Defeatists have very low opinions of, and lack confidence in, themselves and others. This general dissatisfaction tends to make them feel very frustrated and alienated. Consequently, they often behave in a rather hostile and immature manner. People who believe they are better than everyone else have a superior attitude. People with a positive attitude focus on the good side of things.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism
39. D
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure calmly, and it is an important part of self-control. None of the other alternatives would help you to endure life's aggravations and difficulties without getting upset. Independence is the ability to manage your own life. Ambition is the desire for success. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another's place.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
40. B
Feedback. Feedback can come in several different forms. Internal feedback is self-evaluation; it can be negative or positive. Negative feedback involves criticism, indicating a needed change in behavior. Positive feedback involves praise, tending to reinforce present behavior.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. B
Receptive. Employees must welcome and accept change rather than resisting it. An employee who is unwilling to change will not grow and develop into his/her full potential. Since many changes are beneficial, it is not necessary to try to be immune or protected from change.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15 Stuff Happens! (Adapting to Change)
42. D
Explaining that e-mail is monitored. Modern technology has created a variety of issues concerning employees' right to privacy in the workplace. One of these issues concerns a business's ability to monitor an employee's use of a computer which includes e-mail. A business that respects its employees' privacy will make sure that the employees know that their e-mail is monitored. By providing this information, the business is allowing employees to decide if they want to send or receive personal messages because someone in the business might read the mail. The employees can protect their privacy simply by not using company e-mail. Using easy-to-understand language, sending messages through the grapevine, or providing cross-cultural communication are not examples of providing information to employees in order to respect their privacy.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Anderson, A. (n.d.). The pros and cons of workplace surveillance. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/pros-cons-workplace-surveillance-10658.html
43. C
Self-understanding. You must be able to comprehend your own thoughts, attitudes, and actions before you can identify similar qualities in others and empathize with them. The alternatives would not necessarily limit self-understanding or perception of others.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Empathy)
44. C
Barriers to. There are barriers to being assertive even though being assertive is the way to go. For one, some people do not like conflict of any kind and avoid it at all costs. They are afraid that being assertive will ruin relationships. They do not want to appear to be aggressive so they do not stand up for themselves. Not liking conflict of any kind and avoiding it at all costs are not reasons for being assertive, methods of being assertive, or advantages of being assertive.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. C
Frustration. A conflict is a disagreement. When people do not handle conflict appropriately, it can have negative (destructive) effects. Destructive conflict can cause frustration. In some situations, individuals may experience panic, shame, and depression, often over time, but frustration is the most common negative effect or response to conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. D
Committed to. Team members must believe in the team's goals and be committed to working toward achieving them. They may even have to set aside their personal goals temporarily in order to focus on the team's goals. Team members should not be curious about the team's goals but thoroughly familiar with them. They should not be indifferent to or undecided about the goals.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6 Lean On Me (Teamwork)
47. C
Deal with change. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. Changes and new situations are common in the workplace. When employees are adaptable, they are able to deal with change and even learn from new situations. This is a benefit because employees who are not adaptable may experience stress or not be able to be productive when faced with new situations. Being adaptable does not necessarily enable employees to manage their time, take the initiative, or avoid a conflict.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
48. B
Persuasive. Change doesn't just happen on its own. To lead change, change leaders need to be persuasive they must be able to get others within their organizations to see things their way, do things their way, or agree with them. Subtle and indifferent (uncaring) attitudes don't usually prompt resistant people to embrace change.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23 20/20 Foresight
49. D
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. A good coach is patient and persistent because the person being coached may not "catch on" quickly to the concepts that will help improve his/her performance. An effective coach understands this and doesn't get frustrated or give up. Aggression is feelings of anger and disrespect for others that may lead to aggressive behavior. Self-interest is giving priority to what benefits oneself. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7 Bring Out the Best
50. D
Geographic origin. Andrea and Stephen differ in their geographic origins. This refers to the part of the world and the type of area from which a person comes, and it influences who they are. The two coworkers do not necessarily differ in race, language usage, or age.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20 Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
51. C
Fiat. Fiat currency is money that doesn't have intrinsic value and is not backed by reserves. Fiat currency is only valuable as long as people have faith that it will continue to be used in the future. Electronic currency is money that exists only in electronic format. Commodity money is currency that is has value other than its value as money (for example, gold or silver). Mikael's $20 bill is just made of paper, which is essentially worthless on its own, so it is not commodity money. Specie is a term used for coins, and Mikael is using paper money.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Spaulding, W.C. (2005-2013). Money. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://thismatter.com/money/banking/money.htm
52. D
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 232-233]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
53. D
Installment. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. An installment credit account is set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Also, it usually requires a down payment. Revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that may be owed and charge interest on outstanding balances. Regular credit accounts allow credit users to buy at any time during a set period. Budget accounts are a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 764-765). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. C
To meet future financial needs. There are many types of life insurance available to meet an individual's future financial needs. Some types of life insurance have cash value and can be redeemed at the end of the payment period. Other types are intended to make a lump sum payment to beneficiaries upon an individual's death. Many people decide what their financial needs or goals are in the future, and then invest in the types of life insurance policies that will meet those needs. Disability insurance, rather than life insurance, provides income to those who become disabled. Certain types of health insurance will pay for private health care. Individuals name their beneficiaries when purchasing life insurance policies, but that is not why they invest in those policies.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 466-469). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. A
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the short-term, say next year, and then in the long-term, or about five years from now. Then she should look at her income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to reach her financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Bard, E.M., McKinney, C., Hudson, N., & Johnson, D. (2009) Manage your money; Lesson 5: Develop your budget. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://ohioline.osu.edu/mym/MYM_Lesson5.pdf
56. D
$125.00. Her net pay is what she actually receives after withholdings for federal, state and local income taxes and government programs. Her gross pay is $150.00, which is not the amount she will receive. $275.00 could be found by adding the gross pay to the net pay, but this number is meaningless. $25.00 could be found by subtracting her net pay from her gross pay, and would be the amount of her withholdings.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Lazarony, L. (n.d.) Understanding your pay stub. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.credit.com/credit_information/money_management/Understanding-your-PayStub.jsp
57. B
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information, along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature, has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit-card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (n.d.). A visual example of how to write a check. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/ig/How-to-Write-a-Check/
58. C
DEP. When entering a transaction in your checkbook register, you should describe the transaction, record the transaction date, indicate the amount of the debit or credit, and use a code or number to identify the transaction type. Deposits to your account (such as biweekly pay) are marked with "D" or "DEP." Debit card transactions are coded "DC." Transfers between your accounts are marked "T." ATM withdrawals of course, are coded "ATM." When entering a check that you have written, you should record the check number
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: TheMint.org. (2013). Tracking your checking account. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.themint.org/kids/tracking-your-checking-account.html
59. D
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use checkmarks to identify the items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Checkmarks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined checks, or total the interest received.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 146-147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. D
Monitor your credit and bank accounts continuously. By reviewing your credit-card statements and your bank accounts on a regular basis, you are more likely to detect credit purchases or bank withdrawals that you did not make. If unauthorized transactions have occurred, you can quickly close accounts to stop identity thieves from accessing your accounts. Other things you can do to protect yourself from identity theft is to use different passwords for each of your online accounts, and use secure websites when paying bills and shopping online. Not all online sites are secure. You should use the same caution with your debit card as you do with your credit accounts and other bank accounts.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Consumer information: Identity theft. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0014-identity-theft
61. A
Refund. Because Kate had too much income tax taken out of her wages, she is eligible for a tax refund check, which is issued by the government upon receipt of Kate's completed tax return. The government does not issue a deduction, due bill, or reference when income tax is overpaid.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 390-391, 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Fee structure. Financial-services providers are compensated in different ways. Therefore, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider to make sure the fee is affordable. Some providers may charge a flat fee while others may charge based on number and size of transactions. Some may charge for consulting time or for gathering information. Office location, tax status, and gross income are not important considerations when selecting a financial-services provider.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 260-261). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. D
Stock mutual funds. Stock mutual funds are ownership investments that allow access to an "expert" manager called a fund manager. Collecting popular items may or may not involve a manager. You can collect on your own, if you want to. The same with purchasing real estate: You are not given access to any "expert," in particular. And, stock purchases do not provide an "expert" to help you.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32 Risky Business
64. A
Bookkeeping records business transactions. Bookkeeping records the financial information from such business activities as sales, purchases, or returns. It involves analyzing financial transactions, journalizing transactions, posting to ledgers, and balancing the books. Much of bookkeeping today is done on computers.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. B
Obtaining funds. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. All businesses need funds to operate, so decisions about obtaining funds are very important. Businesses decide if it is necessary to borrow money, increase prices to generate more income, or take other actions to obtain funds. The role of finance in business does not involve paying employees, buying supplies, or monitoring expenses. However, finance is involved in obtaining the funds necessary to pay employees and buy supplies. Accounting activities involve gathering data (e.g., expenses) and preparing financial reports. The finance function analyzes financial reports to make financial decisions about the business.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. B
Job satisfaction. Employees who go through orientation programs usually have greater job satisfaction because they are comfortable with their work environment and understand what is expected of them. Many businesses have extensive orientation programs designed to familiarize new employees with their jobs, coworkers, and aspects of the business. Orienting new employees helps them to better understand the business and to more effectively perform their assignments. Labor agreements are the result of negotiations between labor and management. Employee orientation does not increase competition. Increased compensation is an employee benefit but not a direct result of orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human reSOURCE: management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 335-336]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
67. D
Selling. This is a marketing function which involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Determining an appropriate price range of products to show customers is part of the selling function. Pricing is a marketing function which involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution is a marketing function which is responsible for the moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1 Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. D
To make it accessible. Businesses obtain a wide variety of information that often can be used for many purposes. Therefore, it is important to store the information for future use so it will be accessible when needed. For example, information about current customers might be used to develop procedures for attracting new customers in the future. If the information has not been stored so it is accessible, the business will need to obtain other types of information. Businesses do not need to store information to to establish quality control. Storing information does not ensure that data is accurate nor does it ensure that the information remains confidential.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Encyclopedia of Small Business. (2013). Record retention. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.enotes.com/small-business-encyclopedia/record-retention
69. A
A disaster. Managing information for business continuity is important in case of a disaster. A disaster might be manmade, such as a building fire, or it might be an act of nature, such as a tornado or a flood. No matter what, though, companies must ensure that business can still run smoothly and that employees can still access the information they need. High employee turnover, low sales volume, and a drop in stock price are not occurrences that would disrupt information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. A
Telecommuting. When Phil works from home or any remote location, he is telecommuting. Technology makes this possible. Information gathering refers to finding data for decision making or communication. Networking refers to connecting a group of computers to one main server. Collaborating means working together in cooperation with others.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
71. B
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards. Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or screen.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Simpson, A. (n.d.). What is hardware? Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.coolnerds.com/Newbies/Hardware/hardware.htm
72. C
Subject. When an employee composes an e-mail message, s/he places information in several fields of the message template before it goes to the message receiver. The "subject" field is an area in which the sender describes the topic of the e-mail message. The "subject" field immediately advises the message receiver about the type of information that the message contains. The message sender clicks the "send" button when s/he wants to transmit the e-mail message to the intended receiver. The message sender places the message receiver's e-mail address in the "to" field. When the receiver wants to respond to the e-mail sender's message, s/he clicks on the "reply" button.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 301-302]. Mason: Thomson South-Western.
73. A
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 359). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. B
Use more words for descriptors or a more precise keyword. Unless the search engine will only allow one word to be used, it is better to use exact wording to get to the site that has the needed information. For example, using "retail" as a keyword would very likely net several hundred or thousand sites, but if "grocery AND retailing AND Texas" is used, the search will be narrowed down tremendously. Opening all 578 responses is not practical. Starting at #578 is not effective because many search engines list the most popular sites related to the keyword first. Going to another search engine will probably net about the same number of results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). Basic search help. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479
75. A
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 32]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
76. A
To maintain client lists. One use of a computer database is to store information about the business's customers. A database allows a business to add and update information and to organize it in many different ways. For example, a business might organize its client list according to the amount of money each customer spends, by zip code, or by location. The business can rearrange this information at any time by a simple click on a computer key. Databases are not used to transmit documents, communicate with vendors, or to monitor economic trends.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation (2013). Access 2007: Why do I need a database-Lesson 1. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computer/lesson.aspx?id=1476&p=3
77. A
Spreadsheet. Businesses use spreadsheet software to perform mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is that it is possible to do "what if" calculations. For example, a business might enter different rates to determine the effect that those rates would have on profit. The business can experiment with different rates before deciding which rate will be most appealing to customers and still generate the desired profit. Database software is used to arrange and sort information. Desktop publishing and presentation software are used for visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. C
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Because accounts payable, accounts receivable, and general ledger applications are related or interdependent accounting activities, the company should purchase an integrated accounting software package. Marketing intelligence involves obtaining and analyzing information about the target market. Engineers use engineering design software to develop various products and structures. Customer identification and preferences are often elements of customerrelationship management integrated software.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Choon Kow, K. (2008, May 22). Integrated accounting software with SOURCE: code. Retrieved August 29, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Integrated-Accounting-Software-WithSource-Code&id=1194327
79. C
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: White, D., & Foster, N. (n.d.). What is groupware? Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm
80. C
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. C
Preventive maintenance. Preventive maintenance keeps equipment working and potentially expands the life of the equipment. It "prevents" breakdowns. Installment puts methods into use. Safety precautions are methods of using equipment to ensure the safety of workers. Corrective maintenance is done to repair a specific problem.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Uptime Magazine. (2008, September 10). Why preventative maintenance is important. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://articles.uptimemagazine.com/uptime/2008/09/whypreventive.html
82. C
To protect themselves and the business. Maintaining safety in the workplace is a way employees can help manage risk for the business and for themselves. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of financial loss to the business and bodily injury to workers. Maintaining safety can help to increase productivity and reduce absenteeism because fewer workers are likely to be off the job due to injuries. Workers who are safety conscious should receive the approval of management, but that is not the main purpose of being concerned about safety.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 565-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
83. D
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees to prevent accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they have occurred.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 564-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. C
Point-of-sale. Point-of-sale fraud attempts to cheat a business out of money at the time of purchase. It may involve cash, checks, or credit cards. In this situation, Jerry has cheated the business out of $55 ($130 - $75 = $55) and reduced its profits on this sale. Price-ticket switching is a type of fraud in which a higher priced ticket is removed from merchandise and replaced by a lower priced ticket. Record-keeping fraud is carried out by employees who alter financial records, divert money, or commit other types of fraud. Inventory fraud involves activities such as altering the information on inventory lists.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R. C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 111). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
85. C
Obtain quantity discounts. Buyers can use several types of buying strategies. A concentrated strategy utilizes only a few suppliers in the hope of gaining quantity discounts, lower transportation costs, and improved vendor relationships. A buyer has a better chance of negotiating a discount with a vendor if the buyer purchases large quantities of goods at one time. Using only a few suppliers means that a buyer will purchase more from each one than if the buyer purchased goods from many suppliers. A buyer who uses many suppliers encourages vendor competition and may be able to acquire a greater variety of goods and gain an increased selection.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (Purchasing)
86. D
Perpetual inventory. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Updates can be done manually or by computer. Businesses often track their office supplies to make sure that they have enough items on hand to run smoothly. Inventory shrinkage is a loss of inventory due to shoplifting, employee theft, breakage, misplacement, or poor recordkeeping. Physical inventory is the process of counting each item that is available for use. Inventory keeping is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 429-430]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
87. A
Production. Production is the creation of a good or service. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Any organization that produces or is involved in the distribution of products from the producer to the consumer is a business. Financing determines the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. B
Praise. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive such rewards as praise, raises, and promotions. A response to orderly behavior that is critical or indifferent may damage employee morale. Favoritism should be avoided since it gives an employee an unfair advantage over other employees.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-733). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
89. D
To earn a college degree. An objective is a goal, and a long-term goal is one that will take a year or more to reach. Most college degrees require at least two years of study. Learning to ride a motor bike, reading a book a week, and buying a new outfit would be short-term goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. B
Respect the opinions of others. Because of the diverse nature of the workplace, people from many different backgrounds and cultures often work together. These people frequently have different beliefs and opinions. Consequently, employees need to recognize that different people have different opinions and that those opinions should be respected. Employees will be better able to solve problems if they respect the opinions of others and try to find acceptable compromises. Taking sides in a conflict often divides the work force and creates additional problems. The nature of problem solving involves compromise rather than standing firm. Aggression is never the way to solve a problem.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17 No Problem (Problem Solving)
91. B
Select an appropriate career. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal abilities, interests, values, attitudes, and personality traits, and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Since selecting a career involves determining how much satisfaction can be obtained in an occupation and comparing that information to individual needs, self-understanding is a major advantage in making this important decision. It is a trait that effectively controls one's own behavior, not the lives of others. Success is not ensured through self-understanding, but it may be assisted. Self-understanding helps to identify unmet needs which could lead to satisfying them.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 608-609]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
92. C
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sickleave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
93. B
Civil service office. Information about careers with government agencies is available at civil service offices, which are responsible for hiring people for many of the positions in government. Civil service offices maintain lists of current jobs available, provide information about the job requirements, and administer tests to applicants. For example, a state civil service office would have information about all jobs currently available within all state agencies. National labor unions, local trade associations, and chambers of commerce do not have information about careers in government.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: USA.gov. (2013, August 12). Government jobs. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Government-Jobs.shtml
94. A
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers, and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing. Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer service representatives. This position gives them experience in working with customers and learning the business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department. Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level positions in marketing.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 51). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. A
Left for a better job. When providing information about previous jobs, you should present a positive picture of yourself and your former employers. Avoid saying anything that puts you or a former employer in a negative light. Therefore, comments such as "unable to get along with supervisor," "unfair supervisor," and "unpleasant working environment" should be avoided. Telling a potential employer that you left to find a better job says nothing negative about your abilities or those of former employers.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. B
Ask questions. Asking questions is an important part of the interview process. The interviewer will ask questions of the applicant, but the applicant also is usually given the opportunity to ask questions. Interviewees should be prepared to ask questions that indicate their interest in the business and in the job. Possible questions include asking about advancement opportunities, if additional training is provided, or when a decision will be made about filling the job. Some businesses require applicants to take tests before they are invited to interview. In most cases, applicants will not meet coworkers during the employment interview. Résumés are prepared and submitted in order to apply for a position and obtain a job interview.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 140). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Yes, the worker can write if s/he has heard about a job opening. In some cases, a worker looking for a job will hear about a job opening from some other SOURCE: than a job advertisement. It is acceptable for the worker to write a letter stating that s/he has heard of an opening and asking to be considered for the position. In some cases, this results in an interview and a job. Most companies do not discard such letters but keep them on file in case of future need. It would not be appropriate or practical to send letters to all businesses in the industry.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 493-494). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. B
E-mail address. Today, many job applications are completed online and résumés are sent electronically. Also, many businesses communicate electronically with potential employees. Therefore, if individuals have an e-mail address, they include the address in the personal information section of their résumé to make it easy for the business to contact them. Information about a previous employer appears in the references section. It is not appropriate to include information about marital status. Information about volunteer experience appears in the work experience section.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 641, 645]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
99. B
Work in a specific industry. Trade associations often provide continuing educational options for workers who want or need to expand their skills and knowledge in a specific industry, such as plumbing or building. As technology evolves, workers often need to attend classes, seminars, and workshops to keep up with the changes in their industry. Some trade associations offer management training classes, but not all workers need or want these types of skills. Workers who want to obtain a graduate degree need to attend a college or university that offers graduate-level programs. People who are near retirement are unlikely to attend continuing education classes or professional development seminars and workshops.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: OHBA. (2008). Continuing education requirements to affect contractors. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.umpquavalleyhba.org/membership-information/ccb-continuingeducation-requirements.html
100. A
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It includes identifying the jobs to be performed, assigning responsibility for them, establishing departments to handle the jobs, and determining how many and which employees managers will supervise. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1092
Business Administration Core Exam
1. B
Limited. A limited partnership permits a partner to invest in a business but have limited liability. For example, the amount of the financial responsibility could be limited to the amount the partner invested. Or, a partner could limit his/her time involved in managing the business. Close and "S" are types of corporations. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. Since franchises can be proprietorships, partnerships, or corporations, more information would be needed in this question for franchise to be the correct response.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. D
Follow the written directions in the proper sequence. The first step in applying written directions to perform tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. If employees do not read the directions and apply them in the proper sequence, they may perform the tasks incorrectly. Therefore, reading the directions for understanding and meaning is an important step. The use of shortcuts to complete a task may or may not be included in the manual's written directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 125, 134-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
3. D
Poor lighting and noise. Environmental distractions, such as poor lighting or noise, are aspects of the setting that take away from a listener's ability to listen. The speaker's appearance, manner, and personal matters that cause us to worry may also be distractions, but they are not part of the environment.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
4. C
What type of training do you provide for this position? Relevant questions are types of questions that pertain to the issue at hand. If an applicant is interviewing for a job, the applicant would ask the interviewer questions about the company, job responsibilities, job training, professional development, etc. It would be inappropriate to ask the interviewer about his/her salary, nearby restaurants, and salesdepartment shortfalls—these questions are irrelevant to the issue at hand.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-212]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. A
Anger. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that use gestures and facial expressions rather than the use of words. Nonverbal behavior can indicate what the sender and/or the receiver think about a message. If the recipient responds to a message by frowning and clenching his/her fists, it is likely that the message has made the recipient angry. Message recipients might cry or cover their faces with their hands if the message contains sad news. Smiling and jumping up and down usually indicate that a message contains good news, which indicates joy. A message recipient might express nervousness by tapping their toes, shaking, twitching, or biting fingernails.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
6. C
Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas. This process is called steppingstones or triggers, and it is encouraged in brainstorming because one person's ideas can easily trigger new and different ideas. It is not considered stealing, but instead is an important part of working together to build on each other’s ideas to find more ideas. Adding a steppingstone idea to a brainstorming list is not a form of evaluating the original ideas. All ideas are considered equal in a brainstorming session, including those that are very outlandish or outrageous.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
7. D
Thank the caller. Answering the telephone and taking messages for coworkers is often part of an employee's everyday routine. It is important for the employee to properly handle the call, and this involves thanking the caller. In many cases, the caller is a customer who is leaving an important message. Therefore, the person taking the call should always thank the caller for contacting the business. The employee taking the message should obtain the necessary information, but does not need to write a detailed explanation or write an inquiry. It is usually not necessary to contact a supervisor unless there is a problem that must be addressed immediately. It is not appropriate to file the information.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. B
Few friends talking about football. If the group's purpose is to give and find out opinions, the way the group operates is casual. No real "rules" exist beyond the normal standards of common courtesy. When the football players run laps during practice, they are likely to operate under the direction of the coach. In a similar way, selecting a strategy or play or starting a football camp may require a more formal group discussion.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. C
Deductive. Information can be organized and ordered in many different ways, including deductively, chronologically, geographically, and by value. However, in the business world, most information is organized in deductive order. The deductive approach is also sometimes called the direct approach because it involves presenting the main ideas, recommendations, and most important information first. Less significant information such as examples and reasons are presented later in the report. Zeke would be wise to provide his recommendations for incorporating social-media promotional strategies first and following his recommendations with specific examples of how these strategies could be used by the company. Chronological order puts information in sequence according to time. Geographical order puts information in order based on the geographic location of items. When organizing information by value, a writer presents topics in order of numerical value or size.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: College of Marin. (n.d.). Chapter 10 lecture: Six methods for organizing data. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.marin.edu/buscom/index_files/Page1347.htm
10. B
Be clear and easy to understand. The receiver cannot always ask the writer questions; therefore, written communications should be concise and clearly stated. They should get quickly to the point by using short and simple sentences. The written copy should only contain technical language when it is appropriate and will be understood by the receiver. Most business writing tends to be impersonal, but it is not necessary to be totally impersonal.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 293-294]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. C
Appendix. Supplemental information for long or complex reports is presented in an appendix, which is a separate section placed at the end of a report. The information in the appendix might contain graphs, text, or a combination of both elements. A bibliography is a component of a report that summarizes the information sources that the writer used to prepare the report. An executive summary is an overview of the entire report. The table of contents is the portion of a long report in which the sections are listed with their page numbers.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 475-477]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Signature. Text appearing at the bottom of an e-mail that indicates a person's or business's identity and contact information is known as the e-mail signature. Many businesses require their employees to include a signature identifying themselves and their contact information in all of their outgoing e-mail. An e-mail attachment is a computer file that is sent with an e-mail message. An e-mail carbon copy is a duplicate of an e-mail that is sent to someone else in addition to the primary recipient(s) of the message. E-mail etiquette refers to a set of rules specifying how to behave and conduct oneself when writing and/or replying to e-mails.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 190). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. B
Dear Accounting Manager:. The salutation addresses the person to whom you are writing, either by name or by title. It is generally followed by a colon. "Dear Sir" or "Dear Madam" would be incorrect since the gender of the individual is unknown. "Dear" would not be used in writing to a department. A more appropriate form would be "Attention: Accounting Department."
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 306-307]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. A
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An application is a form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives brief details about a project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Beare, K. (n.d.). Inquiry letters: Asking for information. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://esl.about.com/od/businessenglishwriting/a/w_make_enquire.htm
15. A
Drop notes in a suggestion box. Suggestion boxes allow employees to write out ideas and drop them in at any time. Management may not have time to listen or may not want to be bothered during lunch or during their own time away from work. Discussing the idea with a friend of management involves the risk that the idea may not be passed on, and/or the other person may take the credit.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2001). Understanding management (3rd ed.) [pp. 450-451]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
16. B
Downward communication. When management sends messages to lower-level employees, it is often called downward communication. External networking is communicating with people or businesses outside the company. Lateral interaction (communication) occurs between employees or coworkers at the same level, such as two customer-service representatives or two assistant buyers. Invasive messaging is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 7]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
17. A
Write down the idea. After the meeting, ask her manager if it can be added to the agenda of a future staff meeting. Participants in a staff meeting should stick to the agenda. Since Megan's idea is new, it needs to be saved for another discussion. Speaking up during this meeting, passing notes, or whispering will all be distracting and force the staff off task during the meeting.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. B
Reporting customer feedback. As an employee, you can help your company build positive customer relations by listening to customer feedback and reporting it to your manager or supervisor. You may not have the authority or experience to identify the business's target market, conduct market research, or make strategic planning decisions, but you can take part in the effort through your daily interactions with customers.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. B
A promotion. A benefit to employees of being customer oriented is that their careers are advanced. Employees who regularly provide good customer service might receive promotions or raises. Promotions are one way for businesses to acknowledge and reward employees' customer-service skills. Honorarium is a payment given to a professional person for services for which fees are not required. A gratuity is a tip. A suspension is a temporary removal from a position or a job.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 485-483]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
20. D
To sell successfully. Employees are expected to possess adequate knowledge of company products, policies, and capabilities in order to handle customers' inquiries. The main reason why it is important for employees to possess this information is to be able to sell successfully. Customers often have questions about products that employees need to answer in order to make the sale. Employees who are knowledgeable and well informed usually can sell successfully because they are able to handle customers' inquiries. Developing promotions, organizing inventory, and planning effectively usually are not the responsibilities of employees who regularly handle customers' inquiries.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 297-298). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. D
Impatient. Impatient customers want assistance immediately and have great difficulty waiting their turn. Dishonest customers are those who intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced something is true.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. A
Courteous, timely. Employees should strive to resolve customers' complaints in a courteous and timely way. Employees should be courteous by being attentive, friendly, understanding, and apologetic if mistakes have been made. By remaining calm and handling problems in a timely (quick) and efficient way, employees often can satisfy difficult customers. An employee who responds in a leisurely way is more relaxed, and is not addressing the problem to resolve it quickly. This behavior can upset customers because they usually want problems resolved quickly. Employees who are tactless, reactive, and inefficient tend to offend and upset customers. Employees should follow the business's policies when resolving complaints rather than implementing their own (innovative) ideas, which may be costly to the business.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
23. A
To use touch points to create positive customer experiences. The brand promise is a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. To build and maintain customer relationships, a company's brand promise should strive to create positive experiences for customers—experiences that will encourage them to return to the business again and again. Companies use various touch points to create these experiences for their customers. Touch points are all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its customers and reinforce its brand value. Touch points may include the company's employees, product attributes and packaging, and technological systems (e.g., telephone, website). A slogan (tag line) is a phrase that is easy to remember, such as "Nationwide is on your side." A trade character is a symbol that is personified (e.g., Tony the Tiger). Businesses often use slogans and trade characters as elements of their brands. Changing slogans frequently or developing different trade characters may confuse customers, which may reduce brand recognition. One reason that businesses establish certain types of policies (e.g., sales, service) is to ensure that customers are treated fairly. Establishing different policies for different customers is not treating customers fairly, and in some circumstances, these actions are illegal.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Glatstein, S. (n.d.). 5 steps to brand building: Touch points are key to building a strong brand. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://sbinfocanada.about.com/od/marketing/a/brandbuildingsg.htm
24. C
In limited supply. People cannot obtain scarce items in unlimited amounts. They may, therefore, be willing to pay more for them. Items that are readily available are in good supply. Where an item is made or whether it has been test-marketed does not always affect its scarcity.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. D
Consumption. Consumption is the process of using goods and services. Because Eva is watching a show on the new television, she is using the good that she recently purchased. Production occurred when the television was being put together. Exchange occurred when the ownership of the television took place— when Eva paid the store, and store provided her with the television set. Distribution is the path in which the television moved from producer (television manufacturer) to the consumer (Eva).
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics)
26. B
Constants. A constant is something permanent and unchanging—like a fixed value in a mathematical formula or the speed of light in science. Layaway is a type of sale in which merchandise is removed from the sales floor and held by the business until the customer pays the outstanding balance. A good or service that's capable of satisfying wants and needs has utility. The marketing concept is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying customer wants and needs.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
27. D
To ration limited resources. Prices ration limited resources, goods, and services to those most willing and able to pay for them. Generally, the higher the price of anything, the less of it consumers will buy. The lower the price, the more consumers will be willing and able to buy. Market equilibrium is a situation in which demand and supply are the same. Equilibrium in the market rarely exists. Excess supply exists when supply is greater than demand. When this situation occurs, producers lower their prices to sell the excess supply. Excess demand exists when demand is greater than supply. When this situation occurs, producers raise their prices. Elimination of excess supply and demand is a continual process; neither situation is desired by both buyers and sellers.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Price)
28. A
They operate from a variety of business premises. Wholesale trade businesses are operated in a variety of types of business premises. These include distribution centers, warehouses, trucks, and offices. Traditionally, wholesale trade businesses do not sell to ultimate consumers.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. C
Produce or provide goods/services. Every business must produce or provide goods/services. While some businesses do obtain venture capital, issue corporate bonds, or trade/sell business assets/property, not all businesses are required (or encouraged) to do so.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
30. A
Market. A market economy is an economic system in which the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. The government's role in business includes protecting private property, preserving law and order, and supporting a competitive trade environment. In socialism, competition is limited because the government owns most of the major industries. Competition is not allowed in communism because the government owns all the means of production and distribution. In a traditional economy, people produce only what they must have in order to exist.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
31. B
Licenses. Licenses represent permission for a business to operate granted by a local, state, or federal government body. Monopolies occur when there is only one supplier of a product in a given industry and no substitutes are readily available. A patent is an agreement between the government and an inventor that gives the inventor exclusive rights to make, use, and sell the product for a certain period of time. Copyrights are exclusive rights given to authors, publishers, or artists to protect their ownership of literary works and/or artworks.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. C
By paying fair salaries. Salaries and wages that workers consider to be fair contribute to the quality of work life. Employees will be more productive when they feel that their earnings are equal to or better than the earnings of others doing the same type of work. Paying fair salaries improves the general conditions in which employees work and often results in an increase in productivity. Businesses' research and development programs help to develop new products and meet customers' needs. Businesses try to operate within the guidelines of government regulations.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. D
Affirmations. An affirmation is a positive statement about a present or desired strength; things one wants to accept, incorporate, or develop. Abilities are skills or the capacity to perform a certain task or function. Roles are parts or positions that one plays in life in response to the demands of society. Wants are things people desire.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Hope, P. (2009-2013). Want some self esteem affirmations? Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.towards-happiness.com/self-esteem-affirmations.html
34. A
Apply their talents where they are best used. People who use their talents are more likely to succeed in their careers. To know what their talents are, individuals must determine their personal strengths and weaknesses. For example, a very artistic person is probably going to be happier and more successful as a graphic artist than if s/he were to work as an accountant, which involves working with a lot of numerical data. While it is important for people to try to improve weaknesses (e.g., procrastination), this does not mean that they change their personalities. Improving relationships with friends is a personal goal rather than one that will help a person succeed in his/her career. Everyone experiences conflict at some time, and it cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. C
Industriousness. Industriousness is the willingness to work, and industrious employees are very valuable to businesses. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
36. A
Believe in your own abilities. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Because a confident person believes in his/her own talents and skills, s/he is not afraid to stand apart from the others, even when they disagree. And, because a confident person understands that others' ideas and opinions do not hold any more or less value that her/his own ideas and opinions, s/he does not exhibit a superior attitude. Self-confident people are thoughtful and reflective. They can admit their mistakes, and they are often willing to make necessary changes without feeling like they are "failures." In these ways, self-confident people are flexible rather than inflexible.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2013). Building self-confidence. Retrieved October 7, 2013, http://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
37. D
Increasing their employability. Workers who take initiative may be more employable because of the recommendations they receive from previous employers and their records as good workers. They will still need to have a résumé to outline their skills and experience. Initiative does not help workers qualify for benefits or affect the minimum wage, which is set by federal law.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
38. D
Goodwill. Employees' responsible behavior benefits both the employees and the business. These workers have a positive effect on customers, coworkers, and company profits because they work well individually and cooperatively. The cooperative atmosphere that results should help the company to achieve its goals if the firm provides effective leadership. Responsible employees do not generally create problems for the company. Capital is all the assets of a business.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
39. A
Enjoying better personal relationships. Because people with positive attitudes tend to be cheerful, kind, considerate, and interested in others, they usually have many friends who enrich their lives. The friends they attract are likely to have positive attitudes as well, and these attitudes reinforce each other. A positive attitude doesn't guarantee fame and money. It also doesn't make you luckier or help you avoid mistakes.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. B
Negative feedback. Negative feedback is criticism or disapproval. Susie's coworkers are expressing their criticism and disapproval of her lack of consideration and cooperation on the job. Susie's coworkers have reached negative conclusions about her behavior, but they have not said she lacks skill.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. D
Economic. Fluctuations or "ups and downs" in the economy such as shifts in employment levels are economic changes. Shifts in the values, tastes, habits, and compositions of society are social changes. Technological changes refer to developments, breakthroughs, and other changes in the scientific applications to business objectives. Changes concerning our bodies, minds, and lifestyles are known as personal changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Political and economic change. (n.d.). Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://phs.prs.k12.nj.us/ewood/ap_compa/change.htm
42. C
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness refers to your ability to stand up for your own rights without violating the rights of others. Enthusiasm is excitement or intense interest. Integrity is adherence to an established set of personal ethics.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
43. B
Feel in control of their careers. People who are assertive feel in control of their careers because they are able to speak honestly. They do not feel as if they are putting forth all of the effort in relationships. They feel respected instead of letting people walk all over them. They have less stress because they do not worry about doing something they'd rather not do.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
44. D
Importance of the relationship. Identifying who is involved in a conflict, such as a salesperson and a customer, provides insight about the nature of the relationship and its importance. Identifying who is involved in the conflict does not necessarily provide insight about personality, disagreement type, or the disagreement's core issue.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
45. A
Yes, this will help your fellow team members. You should express your support for other members of the team whenever it is appropriate. This helps them and ensures your place on the team. It is also part of your role as a cooperative team member. It would be inappropriate to share praise you receive for your own work as an individual. Management should encourage the team, but fellow team members should also encourage each other by giving praise for others' good ideas and hard work.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork Skills)
46. B
Soliciting feedback. Achievement orientation is a drive to accomplish one's goals and to meet or exceed a high standard of success. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more efficiently than they have been done in the past. To find better ways to do things, achievement-oriented people solicit feedback from others—coworkers, managers, etc. Emma is not setting goals, taking risks, or being patient.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. B
Trust. If people trust the change leader and the change process, they will most likely not resist the change. However, many people resist change because of fear, contentment with things the way they are, or lack of confidence.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
48. D
Come up with creative ideas and solutions. With a shared vision, team members are much more likely to come up with creative ideas and solutions. This is because team members understand what they're working toward. Shared vision may or may not help team members reach their personal life goals or earn raises and promotions. Shared vision usually creates more satisfied employees who are less likely to leave the organization for new jobs.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. D
Lifestyle. Lifestyle is the way in which people lead their daily lives. Factors that affect lifestyle include spendable income, preferred recreational activities, circle of friends, and marital status. Personality is the combination of all of an individual's personal characteristics or traits. Education is the amount of learning a person has acquired. Job position is the worker's assigned duties and the level of authority that goes with the job.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
50. B
Increased employee loyalty. There are many benefits of practicing effective human relations skills at work, such as increased employee loyalty. Other advantages include increased cooperation from others, increased productivity, a pleasant working environment, increased customer loyalty, and reduced employee absenteeism.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. B
Store of value. Money serves as a store of value because it enables individuals to save or store their wealth (in the form of money) easily and compactly. Money serves as a medium of exchange when it is used to obtain goods and services. When it is used to express the value or worth of something, money serves as a unit of measure. Money can also act as an incentive. An incentive is a motivator—something that encourages individuals to behave in a particular way.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
52. A
Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest. The time value of money is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Because Rachel placed her money in an interest-earning account, her money is worth $12.50 more than it was last year. Buying a phone, the amount of annual income allocated for expenses, and property taxes paid do not indicate the future value of a set amount of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 30-31]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
53. A
Installment. These credit accounts are set up to handle a specific sum of money for one purchase. Payments are made by the borrower at regular intervals for a specific time period. Customers must usually pay a finance charge or interest for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Budget credit accounts are usually short term. A revolving charge could only be used to purchase the television if the price didn't exceed the customer's credit limit. With regular credit accounts, the person or business is expected to pay the entire amount due, usually at the end of 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. B
Return to the place of purchase. Most merchants are eager to work with customers to resolve disputes about sales. This is also the remedy that consumes the least amount of time. If the dispute is not resolved, his next step should be to contact company headquarters and speak to someone there. If the dispute is still not resolved, then he should seek a third party to arbitrate the situation. If all of these steps fail, he should take legal action against the home-improvement store.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 107-109). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. C
Retirement. People save for retirement to have money to cover their expenses when they reach retirement age and are no longer working. Emily might be able to borrow money from her retirement fund to help cover educational expenses or to start a business, which depends on the type of fund and government regulations. Borrowing from a retirement account might involve fees and high interest rates, so it is often better to set up a fund specifically for education or to borrow money from a financial institution or angel investor to start a business. A will is a legal document that designates the ways in which an individual's estate is to be distributed upon his/her death.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 568-569]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
56. B
Track and record his expenses. Realistic personal budgets involve two important considerations—income (money Marcel receives) and expenses (money Marcel spends). It is important for Marcel to track his expenses because he needs to make sure that he has enough income to pay for his bills (e.g., rent, utilities, car). To track his spending, Marcel should record his expenses in a central location so he can see bill amounts and bill due dates. Recording and keeping receipts is also important for tax reporting purposes and for tax auditing situations. Developing a realistic budget does not always involve verifying a past credit rating or consulting with a bookkeeper. Marcel should develop a budget that will support his ability to pay his bills on time.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: PersonalBudgeting.com. (n.d.). Budgeting 101. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.personalbudgeting.com/budgeting-101/
57. C
Amount due on an inheritance. A tax liability is a debt, or the total amount of tax an individual owes. There are many types of taxes, and one of them is an inheritance tax. When individuals receive an inheritance, they usually have to pay tax on at least a portion of the inheritance based on the amount of the inheritance. The inheritance tax is a debt that individuals must pay when they receive an inheritance. Deductions for a charitable contribution, interest paid on a mortgage, and the value of an exemption reduce the tax liability on the amount of income that a person earns.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check SOURCE: to the payee. There are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice—there are no restrictions placed on the funds transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: American Bankers Association. (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (pp. 22-24). Washington: Author.
59. A
You know how much money is actually available to you without waiting. When you record your deposits and withdrawals immediately in your check register, you know exactly how much money you have available. If you rely only on your online bank account activity, some transactions won't show up immediately, and you may end up thinking you have more money than you do. A physical check register also gives you the benefit of being able to balance your check book and make sure the bank hasn't made any errors with your money. A physical check register takes more time to maintain than just relying on your online bank information, but it's time well spent! You don't use a check register to keep track of credit card transactions (although you do want to make sure you record your monthly payments to the credit card company). Though there may be errors on online bank statements, they are usually accurate. It's still important to maintain a check register, so you'll know if any mistakes do happen.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Emerson, J. (2007, March 3). How to fill in a checkbook transaction register and balance your checkbook. Retrieved October 7, 2013, http://voices.yahoo.com/how-fill-checkbooktransaction-register-and-219889.html
60. B
The wise use of credit. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals can purchase now and pay later. Many individuals have credit cards because the cards allow them to pay for purchases without using cash. Then, they receive statements on a monthly basis indicating the amount due. If individuals charge only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month, they are using credit wisely. By paying in full, they avoid interest charges which may be high and significantly increase the cost of the purchases. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month will not necessarily help individuals save money for the future. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month is not a way to avoid identity theft or an example of making a cash transaction.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 551). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. D
Deduct allowable expenses. Form 1040 is the longest version of the tax forms. However, there are benefits to using this form depending on an individual's situation. If an individual has a lot of allowable expenses that are deductible, the individual often can reduce the amount of tax that is owed. These deductions must total more than the standard deduction in order to save money on taxes. For example, if the standard deduction is $8,000 but the individual has allowable deductions of $12,000, it is to the individual's benefit to use Form 1040 to claim the higher deduction. Using Form 1040 does not speed up the refund process or enable individuals to estimate tax payments. Individuals use Form 1040 to itemize deductions rather than to claim the standard deduction.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 384-385). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. D
Obtain referrals from trusted friends. When seeking a financial planner, Mark should find someone that can be trusted with confidential information, and he can trust his friends to steer him in the right direction. Searching online is not a good place to start because Mark is unlikely to find someone to whom he can entrust a portion of his financial future. He should interview potential candidates after he has obtained referrals. Mark does not need to contact his bank, though he can if he thinks the bank staff will refer him to a trustworthy financial planner.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 50-51, 432]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
63. D
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
64. A
User-friendly. An accounting system is the methods and procedures that a business uses in handling its financial information. An efficient accounting system allows the business to retrieve the information it needs quickly and easily. Because most companies use computer-based accounting systems to help them store, track, and retrieve important financial data, it is important for the accounting system's software to be user-friendly, easy to use, and easy to operate. Most companies do not want a lot of people to have access to their financial data, so it is important to keep it secure and accessible for those who need and use the information. Accounting systems require some type of maintenance because people must continuously update the information. Accounting systems do not produce results for the business—they simply store information in an organized way.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. B
In line with organizational priorities. The finance function ensures that the company's financial goals are in line with organizational priorities. It is not the responsbility of the finance deparment to get an "okay" from the marketing department or to check with production when it comes to financial goals. Financial goals are not always easy to accomplish.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. D
Coworkers. A new employee's coworkers often are instrumental in orienting that employee by answering routine questions. Coworkers are able to explain the day-to-day activities on the job and answer general questions about where supplies are kept and when to take breaks. Coworkers help new employees to feel a part of the group and make them comfortable with their new surroundings. Top-level managers may welcome new employees on their first day but usually do not have direct contact with them while they learn their jobs. Recruiters help to locate and hire new employees but do not participate in orientation. The human resources staff usually helps new employees fill out necessary paperwork but may not be involved in orienting them to their specific jobs.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 263). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. D
Offer products that consumers want to buy. Businesses that implement the customer-orientation element of the marketing concept base their decision making on customer wants and needs. They determine what customers want and offer that, rather than deciding on their own what they want to sell. Promotional activities help the business to persuade customers to buy. Providing more products than consumers need would not benefit a business. Having a customer orientation does not coordinate a business's marketing activities.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
68. B
Information that is needed. Information is a collection of facts, statistics, or data. Before businesses can use the information, they must determine the type of information that is needed. For example, does a business need economic data because it wants to expand, or does it need marketing data because it wants to attract new customers? The business must decide the type of information it needs before it can obtain and use that data. Businesses do not need to determine the type of computer system to purchase, the type of report that is required, or the type of collection process to develop before using relevant data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 26]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. D
Quality of information. For information to be useful, it must be accurate and current. Therefore, businesses evaluate the quality of information they obtain to determine if it is relevant to the issue, accurate, and current. Information that is out-of-date or that includes errors will not help the business. The business might make poor decisions based on information that is of low quality. Businesses do not evaluate the research procedure, type of statistics, or hardware application to determine if data are accurate and current.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 27-29]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. B
Storyboard. A storyboard contains a series of illustrations and text that outline the commercial's key scenes in sequential order. A storyboard is a visual aid that helps the advertising agency communicate the commercial idea and content to the client. A memo is a short, written message that communicates information to employees within the business. A sales letter is a written message that is sent to potential buyers to persuade them to buy the business's products. A catalog is a collection of graphics and text that communicates information about the business's products.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 396]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. B
Computer systems. Computer systems consist of the hardware and software components that enable computers to function. One of their purposes is to store information for future use. Scanners are input devices that can read text or illustrations on paper and translate the information into a form the computer can use. The scanner, itself, does not store information, but enables computers to store it. Display screens, or monitors, display the characters being keyed into the computer; they are not storage devices. Firewalls protect a business's computer system from the unauthorized use by others (e.g., hackers).
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2013). Parts of a computer. Retrieved October 7, 2013 from http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/parts-of-a-computer
72. B
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often send e-mails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of disks store vast amounts of data that once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not decreased the use of phone systems for all businesses and has increased the use of electronic mail for most businesses.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003-2010). Tips for reducing paper work. Retrieved October 7, 2013, http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/blog/tips_for_reducing_paper_work_024368.html
73. B
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a particular program at one time has multi-user capabilities. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (n.d.). Operating system. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
74. A
Worldwide. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Its scope is worldwide rather than regional because it is available to anyone who has access to a computer that has connectivity. Certain elements of the Internet are secure; however, that does not affect the scope. The Internet is not proprietary.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 208). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. C
Portable. Blackberries and iPhones have many useful applications including wireless telephone and Internet access, GPS functions, and digital camera capabilities. Businesspeople can use the portable devices to conduct many business activities while they are away from their offices, such as checking and answering e-mail; making and retrieving telephone calls; verifying inventory availability; placing orders for customers; scheduling meetings, etc. The advantage to these devices is that they are small and portable—they can be taken virtually anywhere. The devices and the fees to use their applications can be expensive, depending on the service plan the user purchases. Blackberries and iPhones are not indestructible and may break if they are misused. People, rather than technical devices, are responsible.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Livingston, S. (2012, June 22). How smartphones changed the face of business. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.thinkbigpartners.com/work-wherever/461-howsmartphones-changed-the-face-of-business.html
76. B
Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator. An address on the World Wide Web is known as a Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator (URL). A URL includes the name of the server where the website's files are stored, the file's directory path, and its file name. An example of a URL is http://www.mbaresearch.org. A File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a way of transferring data from one computer to another over the Internet. An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a commercial company selling Internet access. A Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) is a standard format for image files on the World Wide Web.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Haag, S., & Cummings, M. (2008). Management information systems for the information age (7th ed.) [p. 93]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
77. D
Templates. The template feature of presentation software allows the user to enter information into a set of standardized slides that all have a similar look. The wizard uses already prepared slide shows to suggest content. Blank slides allow the user to prepare the presentation from scratch. The premade slides would be considered part of the wizard.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Baycon Group. (1999-2011). Lesson 2: PowerPoint overview. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.baycongroup.com/powerpoint/02_powerpoint.htm
78. B
Sales are expected to increase by 5%. Spreadsheet software programs allow businesses to use a computer to perform accounting and other financial calculations. An advantage of using a spreadsheet program is that a business can make various assumptions about sales and find out quickly what effect they will have on its financial situation. For example, a business could change the level of sales by different percentages, such as 5% or 10%, to find out the effect that would have on net income. The spreadsheet program automatically does the calculations. Although keeping appointments might lead to sales, a salesperson would be more likely to use a personal digital assistant (PDA) to track appointments rather than a spreadsheet program. Mailing labels are generated with database programs. Database programs are also used to track customers' purchases.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. B
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given time period. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access the same business information. Some applications, such as e-mail, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. Quick responses can increase an employee's productivity because the employee can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Collaborative computer software does not necessarily increase an employee's independence or motivation because other factors can affect a person's independence (e.g., type of job) and motivation. The business, rather than its employees, receives the profit that might result from increases in the employees' productivity.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.web-conferencingzone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
80. D
Protect employees from injury and illness. The purpose of health and safety regulations is to ensure that businesses take steps to prevent employees from injury and illness while on the job. The government might require businesses to ensure that employees handle hazardous chemicals in specific ways. Or, the government might require that certain types of businesses provide employees with special clothing or protective gear when they are working with dangerous equipment. Businesses that do not comply with health and safety regulations risk the employees' well-being, and could face government fines and/or civil lawsuits if employees become ill or are seriously injured while at work. Some jobs are dangerous by nature, so it isn't possible to eliminate all danger while at work. Workplace health and safety regulations do not reduce the risk of monopolistic conditions, which are situations that reduce economic competition.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. A
Avoid serious injury. Machinery can be dangerous to operate, so it is important for businesses to ensure that the employees who operate the machinery follow instructions. If the machinery is not handled appropriately, employees could be seriously injured and the machinery could be damaged, which can be very costly to businesses. Following instructions will not eliminate all problems, stop all malfunctions from occurring, or reduce production conflicts.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
82. C
Horseplay. Horseplay is behavior such as running, jumping, wrestling, or showing off. Carl was more interested in showing off than in doing his job safely. This type of incident would be included in an employee's performance evaluation. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or overexerting.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Kilbourne, C. (2009, March 31). 4 keys to preventing workplace horseplay. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://safetydailyadvisor.blr.com/archive/2009/03/31/training_horseplay_prevention_safety_re sponsibilities.aspx
83. A
Practice good housekeeping. Poor housekeeping is a frequent cause of all kinds of accidents. By simply keeping the workplace clean and tidy, employees can prevent slipping in puddles or tripping and falling over objects. The purchase of workers' compensation insurance guarantees payment of wages and medical expenses to employees injured on the job. It is impossible to eliminate human error, which is the cause of many accidents. Posting emergency numbers would aid in calling for help when an accident occurs.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. B
Police department. To take appropriate action during an emergency, an employee must determine what the problem is. Because the safe was open, the office was in disarray, and a computer was missing, the business was probably robbed. In case the robber is still in the building, Josh should leave the business immediately and seek a safe environment. Then, following company procedures, Josh should notify his supervisor or the local law enforcement authorities (police). Josh should call the fire department if a fire occurs. The local health department handles issues associated with health risks. The owner should file a claim with the business's insurance company after the robbery has been reported to the appropriate lawenforcement authorities.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
85. C
Log out of his/her computer when leaving work. One way that an individual employee can help protect company information on a daily basis is to log out of his/her computer when leaving work for lunch or for the evening. By doing so, it becomes much more difficult for an intruder to access company information on that particular computer. However, if the employee also stores her/his log-in information (i.e., username and password) in a desk drawer at work, that very same intruder can easily access company data if s/he has time and opportunity to look in the drawers of the desk. Checking personal e-mail on a work computer and transferring files from a home computer to a work computer are potentially dangerous. They make the computer vulnerable to hackers' attacks and electronic viruses which could result in the loss of company information.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Cisco. (n.d.). Data leakage worldwide: Common risks and mistakes employees make. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.cisco.com/en/US/solutions/collateral/ns170/ns896/ns895/white_paper_c11499060.html
86. C
Decentralized purchasing structure. A decentralized structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are distributed among many departments and individuals. Centralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Concentrated buying strategy is a tactic of purchasing from only a few suppliers that is used to gain more favorable prices and better relations. Dispersed buying strategy is a tactic of purchasing from many vendors, which can lead to merchandise variety, alternate sources of supply, and competition between sources.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
87. A
Mass production. Mass production is the production of a product in large quantities. The factors involved in mass production include division of labor, assembly lines, standardized parts, mechanization, and automation. Specialization is the process of making the best use of resources in the production of goods and services. Job simplification is the process of making changes in a job task so that the job can be done more easily or quickly.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. B
Keeping you from delaying group efforts. Getting your own work done in a timely fashion keeps you from causing coworkers frustration by not delaying any group efforts. Being organized can help to prevent you from feeling overwhelmed, help you to earn raises and promotions, and help you to work at a relaxed pace; but none of these benefits would help maintain good relations with coworkers.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. D
Clarifies the goals. Writing out your goals helps you to clarify them. It makes the goals real, and it also serves as a reminder. Writing out your goals does not make the goals attainable or provide a challenge. Perseverance is the ability to keep at something until it is finished, and you must develop that on your own.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. A
Intuitive. Intuition is a gut feeling. The intuitive approach to problem solving still requires you to do your homework and gather all the information about the problem, but the analysis step is different. Instead of examining the information, going over and over it, and making meaning of it, intuitive problem solvers simply wait. They may set the problem aside or sleep on it. While they go about their daily business, their subconscious mind is at work. The solution to the problem appears in the form of an intuitive flash or a hunch, and it feels right. Mind mapping is a problem-solving method that involves drawing out your problem on a large sheet of paper. Brainstorming is a problem-solving method in which a group throws out possible solutions to the problem. Reverse brainstorming is a problem-solving method that requires you to think of ways to make the problem worse. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Problem Solving)
91. A
You can learn as much from your failures as from your successes. Both your failures and your successes tell you things about yourself. You should pay attention not only to what you do well but to what you do less well. Self-understanding and self-information are not the same. You need self-information in order to develop self-understanding. There are tests available that will help you to identify your interests. Choosing a career should not be based only on your current skills and talents but also on your interests and abilities.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 10-11]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Rights. Workers have rights in the workplace, and one of these is the right to join a labor union. In many types of businesses, labor unions represent the workers and negotiate with management for their compensation and working conditions. If workers are employed in businesses that are not currently unionized, they have the right to form a union. In many situations, workers also have the right not to join a labor union. Joining a labor union is not considered a benefit, goal, or reward.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: AFL-CIO. (2013). Punished for supporting a union. Retrieved October 7, 2013, from http://www.aflcio.org/Issues/Civil-and-Workplace-Rights/Your-Rights-at-Work/Punished-forSupporting-a-Union
93. A
Guidance counselor. Most schools have guidance counselors on staff who help students obtain career information and give them advice about possible occupations. Guidance counselors maintain current information about various types of jobs and can help students locate information that is not available at school. Guidance counselors often keep in touch with local employers and provide students with information about current job openings in the community. Industry recruiters may visit schools occasionally to recruit for specific occupations. The school's admissions director and curriculum planner are not sources of career information.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [p. 290]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
94. B
Optimism. Successful entrepreneurs possess an optimistic attitude. An optimistic person has a positive outlook on life, and looks for the opportunities to grow, even when s/he experiences challenges and setbacks. Organizational skills involve developing and executing processes or activities in a systematic way. Innovation is the process or ability to develop a new product, process, position, or paradigm. Determination is the drive or willpower to achieve a goal.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
95. D
Accepted another position. The section of an employment application that requests information about previous employment often asks the reason for leaving a former job. Accepting a position with another business is an appropriate reason for changing jobs. Returned to school or seasonal position only are other acceptable reasons for leaving. Job applicants should never give reasons that are critical of a former employer or indicate that the applicants will not be good employees. Never received a promotion, problems with management, and demanding employer are inappropriate responses.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 343-346]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
96. B
What are the benefits? Clark should avoid asking the potential employer about the salary and benefits during the initial interview. If the employer fails to bring up the subject, Clark should wait until he is offered the job to ask. The other alternatives are acceptable questions for Clark to ask during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 67-69]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
97. A
Follow-up letter. After a job interview, it is important to send a follow-up letter to the interviewer. The letter thanks the interviewer for his/her time and reinforces the applicant's interest in the position. Also, a function of a follow-up letter is to offer to provide additional information. In some situations, an interviewer may decide that more information is necessary to make a hiring decision and will contact the applicants who have indicated that they are willing to provide that information. It is more appropriate to send a follow-up letter than to place a telephone call after a job interview. The job applicant should not send a handwritten note. E-mail letters are becoming more common after job interviews, but they do not ask questions, which would require the interviewer to respond.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [p. 375]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
98. A
Yes, the résumé can state that references will be provided upon request. This statement is often made at the end of the résumé where the references would customarily be listed. It indicates that the job applicant has references available and that s/he will provide their names, telephone numbers, and addresses if asked to do so. This is acceptable business practice since the employer does not need the names unless s/he is considering hiring the applicant. A résumé is complete if it contains all other necessary information and either a list of references or the promise of them.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 121, 135). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
Jobs of the future. Employees will experience many changes in technology throughout their careers. In order to be prepared for the jobs that new technology will create, employees need to continue their education. Technology will eliminate some jobs in the future and change the way some jobs are performed. Employees will need to keep up with the new developments by continuing their education and learning new skills. Those employees who do not continue their education might find themselves without jobs because they have not adapted to a new work environment. Employees do not continue their education in order to be prepared for life after retirement, changes in lifestyle, or adjustments in pay. However, continuing their education often helps employees to improve their lifestyle by increasing their pay.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 101). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. C
Ensures that the daily activities are carried out. First-line managers work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. They are responsible for ensuring that the employees perform their work accurately and efficiently. Top-level managers set the organization's goals and make decisions about the overall business, such as determining if it is feasible to enter new markets. Middle-level managers develop tactical or short-term plans to carry out the executive (top-level) management's strategic plans.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1102
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Corporation. Stockholders in corporations have limited liability; that is, their losses are limited to the amount of money that they have invested in the business. Partnerships and sole proprietorships have unlimited liability, meaning that the business owners are personally liable for debts incurred by the business. Joint proprietorship is not a form of business ownership.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
2. B
Government publications. Regardless of whether you are writing a report, preparing for a debate, or simply learning something new for the fun of it, identifying and reading sources that provide relevant, valid information about the subject at hand is very important. If you don't use relevant, valid information, you may write, say, or learn something that is misleading or untrue. A number of criteria are commonly used to determine if certain written materials are relevant and valid. These criteria include the author's credibility, the date of publication, the publisher, etc. For instance, if you are researching federal legislation such as copyright law, you are most likely to read relevant, valid information in government publications. The government writes and enforces copyright law and other federal legislation, so government publications about these laws are most likely to be timely, accurate, complete, and on topic. People commonly express their opinions, not facts, in online discussion forums. Search engines are software programs that automatically crawl the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and display a list of results. The search engines themselves do not contain information about federal legislation; they direct you to other websites some good and some not so good about federal legislation such as copyright law. Political blogs typically reflect the opinions of their writers, so their information may or may not be relevant or valid.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Gil, P. (2014, July). How to properly research on the Internet. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://netforbeginners.about.com/od/navigatingthenet/tp/how_to_research_online.htm
3. B
The use of company property. Businesses often develop employee handbooks, which provide information about their general policies and procedures. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they are hired. Employee handbooks usually provide information about overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Many employee handbooks include information about employees and their personal use of company property. Company-property issues that the handbook might address include making personal long-distance phone calls on the company phone and using the office copy machine or laser printer for non-business purposes. Lists of the company's current job openings and personal information about vacation days are usually available through the human-resources department, and are not included in the employee handbook. Additionally, the company's annual report is not usually included in the employee handbook. Often, corporations post their annual reports on the company's website.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: SmallBusinessNotes.com. (n.d.). Employee handbook. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/managing-your-business/employee-handbook.html
4. A
Past experiences. People often think they know what someone is going to say before s/he says it and as a result do not listen well. People's past experiences may influence how well they listen because they think they already know the answer or understand the explanation. Effective listeners try to block out past experiences and focus on what the speaker is saying. Age differences, attention span, and language skills are other factors that may affect how well people listen.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 18-22]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
5. A
Tone of voice. People can change the meaning of their words by changing their tone of voice. For example, the same words can be a request or a command depending upon the tone used to deliver them. Tempo is the rate of speed or rhythm the speaker uses. Economy of speech is using as few words as possible to express an idea. Accuracy refers to the correctness of the message.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 74-76]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. C
Conducting research about the company prior to the interview. From the research, Shawn can write a few questions that directly relate to the company or its industry. Even though additional questions may come up during the interview, it is always best to be prepared with relevant questions based on research. It is important that Shawn confirms that the questions are relevant by researching them himself instead of taking his friends' (or anyone else's) advice. Questions about the interviewer's personal life are not relevant to the job interview.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 65]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
7. D
Follow up with the customer after obtaining the requested information. When employees do not know the answer to their customers' questions, they should take steps to get the answers. This often involves researching the problem or issue. When extensive research is required, an employee should obtain the customer's contact information and call him/her back with the requested information after the research has been completed. The nature of the inquiry determines if literature should be sent to the customer or if another employee or manager should answer the customer's inquiry. For example, a question about a bill may be better answered by an accounts-receivable employee than a purchasing agent. And, in this situation, it would be inappropriate to send product information.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 544, 548-549]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
8. A
Employees process information differently. Because there are different ways that people process information, it is important to consider those differences when providing employees with verbal directions. For example, audio learners are more comfortable with sound and dialog, so when giving directions, it is beneficial to speak clearly and use terminology that the listeners can relate to. Sometimes this involves using a metaphor or simile to make a point. Diagrams and pictures are often useful when providing directions to visual learners. For learners who are motion-oriented, demonstrating the activity often reinforces the verbal explanation and makes it easier for employees to understand. This might include an actual demonstration or a video of a demonstration. It's always a good idea to ask the employees if they understand the directions because they may be too embarrassed to ask questions even if they are confused. Presenting the directions in reverse order may confuse the employees.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Bock, W. (2006, September 20). How to give better instructions. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Give-Better-Instructions&id=305933
9. D
Logical evidence. Being prepared will help individuals remain objective and able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. They should be prepared to explain supporting information because others may have questions or concerns about the ideas. Using logical evidence, such as related statistics or facts, will help individuals defend their ideas because they are relying on valid evidence rather than personal opinions. Individuals who defend their ideas objectively do not use emotional information, personal opinions, or unrelated statistics.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 335-336]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. D
Enunciate clearly. Enunciating clearly involves speaking clearly and distinctly, which makes the message easy for the listener to follow. The message may not be clear if employees mumble or speak rapidly. It is sometimes useful to have notes when speaking on the telephone, but it is not always necessary. Other guidelines to follow are to use appropriate vocabulary and to avoid using an excessive amount of "filler" words, such as "um" and "uh." Fillers words can be distracting and often indicate that the speaker is unsure about what s/he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-89]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. B
Be accurate. When you state a fact, it's important to be accurate. Make sure you can support your statement. Don't generalize. Stating a fact is not usually about thinking before you speak (as in stating an opinion) or about changing your mind (as in hearing a fact stated by another person).
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put In Your Two Cents
12. C
Listen carefully. Brooke must listen to the speaker so she can identify the key points that she wants to write down. By noting the key points, Brooke will be able to refer the most important information when she needs it later. Effective note-taking does not involve answering questions or expressing opinions. Brooke might need her notes to develop a briefing, which is a summary of important information or instructions.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Illinois State University. (n.d.). Evaluate your present note-taking system: Guidelines for note-taking. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://universitycollege.illinoisstate.edu/downloads/Notetaking%20%28Standford%20PDF%2 9.pdf
13. A
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual (text-oriented) because their content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. D
All the necessary information. When preparing written communication, one of the most important rules is to be thorough and provide all the necessary information because the receiver may not have the opportunity to ask questions in person. Letters confirming customer orders should answer the questions of who, what, when, and where by including specific information about ordered items, quantity, delivery address, etc. The letters should contain all the necessary information to verify that what the business intends to provide is exactly what the customers have requested. Whether product ratings and grades, exchange rates, and a map of all business locations are necessary information to include in a confirmation letter depends on the type of business and the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 124]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
15. B
Identifying the sequential steps of a process. When describing activities that need to be done in a specific order, the writer might want to number the steps to set the process apart from the text and to clarify the process. One testimonial or a single piece of information does not require a numerical designation to reinforce the order of content. Charts are graphics that summarize numerical data. A narrative writing format is usually most appropriate when providing an example to clarify a concept.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p.155]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. C
To explain new policies. One of the main functions of an informational message is to provide information to readers in such a way that they understand the message. A type of written information that businesses often provide to customers is an explanation of new policies and how those policies will affect customers. For example, if a business is changing its credit policy, it wants to inform customers about the change and let them know that the change will benefit them. Research reports are an in-depth study of a specific business problem or situation. Businesses write informational messages to inform rather than to obtain feedback. Analyzing sales proposals involves reviewing information.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 230-233]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. C
To develop ad campaigns for clients. Account executives often participate in meetings with clients and other advertising agency staff to develop ad campaigns for the clients. The purpose of the meeting is to identify the clients' advertising needs, discuss ways of satisfying those needs, and design a successful campaign. In many cases, there are problems to solve because the client may have a limited advertising budget or specific requirements for the campaign. Account executives usually do not schedule production facilities. Media buyers are responsible for placing ads. Copywriters write copy for promotional brochures. These activities often take place after the meeting phase in order to implement the ad campaign.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 46]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
A unique individual. Each individual customer has his or her own basic personality, and s/he reacts in different ways to salespeople. Employees should be friendly and courteous to all and adapt to each customer's behavior in a positive manner. Considering each customer as a possible problem is a negative approach that would probably prevent good customer relations. Not all customers are in a hurry.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. D
Maintaining a positive attitude. A business's service orientation is its philosophy of providing quality service. To express its service orientation, a business uses various communication channels, one of which is the business's employees. The employees' verbal cues (e.g., words, tone of voice) and nonverbal cues (e.g., hygiene, dress, gestures, facial expressions) convey their personal attitudes, which customers often believe are a reflection of the business's attitudes. Employees who convey a positive attitude are willing to help customers. They convey this attitude by knowing the product and by being courteous and empathetic with their customers. Service-oriented employees also listen to their customers and help them resolve problems when possible, rather than referring complaints to coworkers. While it is important for employees to help customers, they are not always in a position to offer deep discounts.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 537, 546-547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
20. A
To make sure the business's actions are consistent. Business policies keep the day-to-day operations running smoothly and consistently. Policies ensure that employees will handle the same situations in the same manner, rather than making decisions regarding each customer, because the policies provide guidelines for employees to follow. Business policies cannot ensure profits. Policies usually set rules for exchanges of goods, but they do not encourage customers to make exchanges frequently.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
21. D
Maintain eye contact. As an employee, you want to show customers that you want to listen. To do this, you should maintain eye contact, look and act interested, avoid doing other things, concentrate on what the customer is saying, and ask questions to clarify, when appropriate. You should strive to minimize your talking while maximizing your active listening. Defending company policy before the customer has finished speaking may make the customer angry. Also, you should not raise your voice; instead, talk softly and slowly. Remember, customers take their cues from you.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. C
Yes, because the salesperson does not have an opportunity to handle the complaint. Salespeople are not able to satisfy noncomplainers because they do not express their dissatisfaction to anyone associated with the business. They do, however, express ill feelings to friends, to relatives, and to coworkers. In this way, they create a poor image of the business. Because of this, they are a much bigger problem than complainers. Once salespeople know the SOURCE: of customer complaints, they can seek ways to satisfy the complainers within company guidelines.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. D
Consistent follow-through. A brand promise is a company's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. A company must follow through by performing certain actions in consistent ways to fulfill that promise. Both long- and short-term planning can help the company develop strategies to carry out the brand promise; however, unless the strategies are carried out consistently, the planning efforts are useless. Ongoing promotion helps maintain brand awareness, but it does not fulfill the company's commitment to the customer through product quality, service, etc. The company's profits involve setting internal goals rather than carrying out promises made to customers.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Kavanaugh, S. (2007, August 5). Successful brand-five key elements and one mantra. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Successful-Branding -Five-KeyElements-and-One-Mantra&id=675985
24. B
Specialty. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. The specialty item Keisha desires will take a lot of money and effort to acquire. A shopping good is a consumer good purchased after consumers compare goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Keisha is not concerned with price. A convenience good is a consumer good purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Keisha has put a lot of thought into this purchase. Industrial goods are purchased for resale, not consumer usage.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. D
Meet unlimited human wants. Economics is the study of how people satisfy unlimited, competing, economic wants with limited resources. Although human wants are unlimited, the resources we have available to satisfy the wants are limited. The public debt and the role of government are governmental responsibilities. Economics does not increase the basic value of products.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. C
Customer. The marketing concept is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying customer wants and needs. In other words, the customer is at the heart of the marketing concept. The marketing concept is not about the needs and wants of the marketer, wholesaler, or retailer.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
27. B
Increase. Demand is the amount of an item customers can and will purchase. When price decreases, the demand for a product usually increases. The demand usually does not remain the same, fluctuate, or decrease.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More is Less (Functions of Prices)
28. D
Maximizing. The more profit the company makes, the more it can grow, providing better salaries to its workers, more jobs in the community, and making possible larger charitable contributions and other benefits to society. None of these would be possible if the company reduces, divides, or controls its profits.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20 Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. C
Contributing to worthy causes. When businesses make profits, they are more likely to contribute to worthy causes that help improve the communities in which they are located. They may provide funds to support higher education or to fight poverty and disease. Investing in foreign companies, building facilities in other cities, and increasing salaries of executives would not help improve the local community.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
30. B
Transferring. The business has transferred the risk to the insurance company. The business will pay the insurance company fees called premiums in order to be reimbursed by the insurance company if its trucks are damaged, stolen, or wrecked. A risk is being avoided if it is recognized and eliminated. A business is retaining, or keeping, a risk if it does nothing about it. A risk is being controlled when measures are taken to prevent or reduce the risk factor.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
31. A
Price fixing. Price fixing eliminates competition and is illegal. Price indexing is a method of measuring inflation. Price controls are used by the government to set prices for certain products and/or industries. Price discrimination occurs when businesses charge customers different prices for similar amounts and types of goods. It is also illegal.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. B
Zoning laws. Government passes zoning laws to protect the value of business property by allowing only certain types of businesses to occupy an area. Minimum-wage laws, safety standards, and consumerprotection laws are all examples of areas of government involvement, but they are not related to protecting business property.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
33. A
Proactive behavior. Overlaps of leadership and emotional intelligence include proactive behavior, perseverance, positive working relationships, and confidence. Proactive behavior is taking action before problems develop. Although creativity may be helpful to a leader, it is not a leadership skill that overlaps with the skills of emotional intelligence. Adaptability is accepting change without becoming fearful or angry. A positive attitude is being optimistic and willing to start new projects without all the details. Adaptability and a positive attitude are characteristics of self-management.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Prejudice is an attitude, not an act. An employer who thinks that all young people are lazy and poorly trained is exhibiting prejudice because the employer is putting all young people into one category and is not considering individual differences. If employers refuse to hire young people because they are prejudiced against them, the employers are guilty of discrimination, which is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, e.g., race, gender, age, etc. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual. Hostility involves acting in an unfriendly or menacing manner.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 187). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. C
Identify one strength for every weakness. Although an important aspect of self-assessment is evaluating your weaknesses, obsessing over them will only discourage you. If you identify one strength for every weakness, you will have a more accurate, realistic assessment of yourself. Comparing yourself to others and making false generalizations may also hinder your ability to accurately assess yourself. Asking others for both positive and negative feedback is an important aspect of the self-assessment process, but it is counter-productive to obsess over the negative feedback.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
36. D
Jane believes that she can respond to unknown circumstances in a positive, calm way. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Because Jane believes that she can respond to unknown circumstances in a positive way, she is a self-confident person. Being nervous, being embarrassed, and being frustrated may indicate a lack of self-confidence.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 119). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. A
Asking irrelevant questions. Any questions should be relevant to the customer's wants and needs in order to indicate your interest in meeting those needs. Choosing positive words, speaking in an expressive manner, and listening are all ways to exhibit interest and enthusiasm.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006) Succeeding in the workd of work (pp. 181-186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
Initiative. Initiative is defined as the willingness to act without having to be told to do so, or the willingness to accept or seek additional or unpleasant duties. The employee who offers to help another is showing initiative by seeking additional duties. Empathy means the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness is behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Honesty is truthfulness.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
39. C
Stealing from the company. Don and his coworkers are stealing time from the company because they are not working during all of the hours for which they are being paid. Allocating a certain amount of time for a lunch break is routine business procedure, not a fringe benefit. These employees are demonstrating that they do not follow ethical principles or act in a trustworthy manner.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 236). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. A
Attitude. Attitudes are very personal feelings and values. Attitudes may be positive or negative. Values are ideas, beliefs, etc., held by an individual. Aptitude is possessing the skill or ability to do something. Motives are the reasons underlying an individual's behavior.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
41. B
"I'm sorry; I don't know how I overlooked it." In order to benefit from criticism, start by admitting you were wrong. This can be hard to do, or embarrassing, but you can learn to do it. Even when the criticism is justified, as it was in Ed's case, the person making the criticism will have more respect for you if you accept blame. All of the other alternatives are excuses.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. A
"I am so sorry. I understand how difficult that must have been for you." Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. It enables you to imagine how the other person sees things and feels about them. The other alternatives are comments that do not involve empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy to Others)
43. B
Cultural sensitivity. The willingness to adjust your opinions and behaviors so that you value different people and ideas is cultural sensitivity. Communication is an exchange of information. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
44. B
"I already have plans for Friday, but I'd be glad to help you on Saturday." Assertive behavior is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. "Well, I did have plans for tonight, but I guess I can change them," represents passive behavior. Passive behavior is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. The remaining alternatives represent aggressive behavior, which is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. C
The issue is not very important. The way a person reacts to conflict is called his/her conflict response mode. The yielding response mode means that one party accommodates or gives in to the other party's request. Yielding is most appropriate when the issue isn't very important, such as deciding where to go to lunch. Bullying tactics are characteristic of the forcing conflict response mode. This often involves physical or emotional abuse, is hurtful to relationships, and is inappropriate to use. A person who wants to look at all sides of the issue is using the problem-solving response mode. A person using the withdrawal response mode tries to ignore or avoid the conflict. This response mode often increases the person's level of stress because s/he is always thinking about how to avoid the other person who is involved in the conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. A
Work team. A work team is a group of employees which is responsible for carrying out an entire work process. This might include all the steps in producing a product, performing a service, or running a section of the business. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project. A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as obtaining speakers for a conference.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2007). Fundamentals of organizational behavior (4th ed.) [p. 212]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
47. B
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility, and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility, also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16 Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
48. A
Developing an action plan for each goal. By planning ahead for how he will overcome potential obstacles, Trey is developing an action plan for his goal. This will make it easier to face roadblocks if and when they pop up. In this scenario, Trey is not putting his goals in writing, reviewing and revising his goals, or making sure they are compatible with each other.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
49. A
Initiating a meeting about updating your employee break room. Initiating a meeting about a needed change at work is leading change. The change is happening because of you. Learning that you've received a promotion, losing a customer to a competing firm, and getting a new coworker from another department are all changes, but they are changes that are happening to you instead of changes that you've initiated.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22 Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
50. A
Form and conduct relationships. When you study human relations, you examine the ways that people form and conduct relationships with one another. Relationships between people are often very complex and can be either effective or ineffective. They are affected by people's personal styles, their opinions, and their communication skills.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. B
Credit. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. One option businesses have to obtain credit is to secure credit cards from lending institutions. Businesses can obtain the goods and services they need right away, such as airline tickets and supplies, and then pay for the items when they receive their statement from their lending institutions. Businesses often purchase the things they need to operate effectively online. In fact, many web-based businesses will only accept credit cards as a form of payment. Debit cards, ATM cards, and store-value (gift) cards do not delay payment.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 367). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. D
Dividends. Individuals and businesses acquire income in many ways. Dividends are earnings that are paid to investors or stockholders for their investments. When Pedro purchased shares of Tabor stock, he became an owner of the company. As an owner of the company, Pedro has the opportunity to earn a percentage of the company's profits, which are paid to him in the form of dividends. Wages are the income that workers earn for the work that they perform. Interest is the reward or cost of lending or borrowing money, usually figured as a percentage of the amount borrowed. An inheritance is the assets (e.g., property, goods, money) that a person leaves to others upon his/her death.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 447-448]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
53. A
Convenience. Credit allows businesses and consumers to pay for several different purchases at one time with a single payment. It reduces the need to carry cash and provides the convenience of ordering by telephone. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Interest is the fee which lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Credit does not provide reassurance or comfort.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 380]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
54. A
Own the item. When an item is purchased, money is exchanged for the right to own the item. Using credit may be part of the purchase process. Filing a claim may occur later if the buyer's (or seller's) rights were not upheld. Paying for the item is the process of exchanging money during a purchase.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
55. A
Written down. People who have written goals accomplish 50 to 100 times more than people who do not. You are not more likely to achieve goals that are based on needs only or that are long- or short-term.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up
56. B
Car payment. Developing a personal budget helps individuals manage their income and expenses. An important consideration in budgeting involves identifying fixed expenses, which are the expenses (cash outflows) that do not fluctuate or change from month to month. Car payments, insurance, and rent are examples of fixed expenses. Groceries, home repairs, and clothing are variable expenses, or expenses that may fluctuate slightly from month to month.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 165]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
57. B
Gross pay. Gross pay is the total income earned for the pay period before income taxes and other deductions are subtracted from the wages. Net pay is the amount of money that the worker receives after the taxes and other deductions have been subtracted from his/her wages. Tax-exempt income includes revenues that are not taxed, such as tax refunds, veteran's benefits, and welfare benefits. Overtime income is the amount of money that an hourly worker earns for working more hours than s/he is normally scheduled to work.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2012). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections: First-year course (pp. 314-316). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill.
58. D
As soon as each check is written. To keep accurate records, you need to record all information in the check register as each transaction occurs. Otherwise, the date, check number, or check amount may be recorded inaccurately. Waiting to record check information can result in difficulties with balancing bank statements when they arrive. This could also result in checks being returned to you for inadequate funds.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Credit Union National Association. (2008). The balancing act part 1: Keep good records. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://googolplex.cuna.org/12433/cnote/article.php?doc_id=1608
59. A
Annual percentage rate. The annual percentage rate (APR) is the interest paid on the portion of the bill Sheila does not pay each month. An annual fee is a once-a-year payment made to the credit card company that permits the person to use the company's credit card. A late fee is issued when a person does not submit any payment at all by the monthly due date. An overdraft fee is charged by a bank when a customer writes a check for more money than is in his/her checking account.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Gerson, E.S., & Woolsey, B. (2014). Picking the right card: Comparing the various types of credit cards. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-cardnews/help/types-of-credit-cards-6000.php
60. A
Use secure web browsers when purchasing online. Identity theft occurs when an individual obtains and uses another person's information (e.g., credit cards) without that person's consent. To reduce the risk of identity theft, people should use secure web browsers to make purchases. Because Internet sales transactions often require a person to provide credit card information, it is important to make sure that the web browsers are secure. Using secure websites reduces the risk of computer hackers obtaining confidential information for fraudulent purposes. Another way to reduce the risk of identity theft is to memorize passwords. If a personal planner is stolen, the risk of identity theft goes because the passwords are written down. Also, people should not share bank account numbers with others. When more people know an individual's banking information, the risk of identity theft increases. Everyday cash transactions do not require a purchaser to provide personal information and, therefore, do not pose a high risk for identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: StaySaleOnline.org. (2014). Online shopping: It's important to take steps to protect yourself when shopping online. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.staysafeonline.org/staysafe-online/protect-your-personal-information/online-shopping
61. C
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, charitable donations can be claimed as tax deductions on an individual's personal tax return. The tax filer may need to provide a receipt for donations that exceed a certain amount of money. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home-mortgage interest, and child care. Charitable donations are not claimed on tax returns as public property, living expenses, or discretionary income.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (p. 164). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
62. C
Bonds. A lending investment is one in which a lender allows a borrower to use his/her money during a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest. A bond is a type of lending investment in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Homes, antiques, and stocks are ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 204). South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. B
Anyone who needs to use it. Financial information is not useful unless it is understandable by anyone who needs to use it. This might include more than just accountants and managers. Not everyone who needs to use financial information will have a background in finance. Financial information may not be understandable to every single person, but that doesn't mean it isn't useful it just has to be understood by the people who need to use it.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. A
Tracking financial transactions. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. The financial records include a variety of data, such as monies received from sales transactions and monies paid to others (e.g., vendors) to cover expenses. Advertising activities are elements of the business's promotional function. Warehousing refers to the storage of goods for use by the business or for resale. Employees use production equipment to a make a good or to facilitate a service the business sells.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Presents financial information in a consistent format. Accounting standards (e.g., generally accepted accounting principles) are rules that accountants use to prepare and summarize financial reports. Because accountants use the same standards and rules, accounting information is consistent and clear to all of the people who read, interpret, and work with financial information. Summarizing data in different ways and identifying inconsistent business procedures are not advantages of using accounting standards. To be in compliance, businesses must fully disclose important financial data.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102, 106-107). South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. A
False; in companies without HR departments, other managers and supervisors participate in HR management activities. Human resources management is a function of business, as well as a department. In other words, bigger companies may have a great number of employees dedicated solely to managing human resources, but in small businesses wi ho an official HR depa men , hi important function still remains. And, even in big companies, human resources management is not contained solely within the HR department supervisors and managers across the organization also take some part in managing human resources, although their level of involvement varies from business to business. Smaller companies need HR management as much as bigger ones, and HR managers aren't the only ones who can complete these activities. Not all employees will participate in HR activities, however.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. A
Promotion. The example illustrates an advertising activity that is part of the promotion function. Purchasing is a business activity necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of a business. Selling is responding to customer needs and wants through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Product/Service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1 Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. D
An article written by a Harvard economics professor that was published in a business magazine last month. When evaluating the quality of online information, it is important to consider factors such as the SOURCE: type, the author's expertise, and the publication date. The Harvard professor has extensive knowledge about the topic of economics. The article was published last month, so it likely reflects current events and is up to date. A college student and a 16-year-old entrepreneur do not have the level of expertise that the professor has. The 2009 report and a 2005 textbook are not as up to date as an article written last month.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Rogier, M. (2014, June 23). How to determine the validity of a research article. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5035804_determine-validity-researcharticle.html
69. D
Updated. Obsolescence occurs when something is outdated. Technology is always evolving, so computer systems and applications are always subject to obsolescence. Businesses must update the ways in which they store or archive their information because the format may not be usable in the future. For example, modern computers do not have outlets that read floppy disks, which were popular external storage devices several years ago. The way people summarize or process information is not related to the state of obsolescence.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Fiddes, R. (2010, February 5). Dangers of outdated backup solutions. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.backupreview.info/2010/02/05/backup-technology-online-backupexpert-tips-dangers-of-outdated-backup-solutions/
70. C
It may be one part of a business's overall information management program. A management information system (MIS) is a form of technology that assists with a business's information management needs. It is not the same thing as an information management program; however, it may be one part of an overall information management program. An MIS is just hardware and software, but an overall information management program involves people, processes, and practices.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. B
It permanently stores the computer program files and data. The hard drive is the component of the computer's central processing unit (CPU) that stores the computer's program files and inputted data. A sound card is a device that transmits sound waves through the computer so the user can hear audio elements. A computer monitor allows the user to view the computer data. The power supply transmits power to other computer devices (e.g., printer) so they can operate.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2014). Parts of a computer. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/computer-parts#1TC=windows-7
72. D
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2014). What is an operating system? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
73. D
Email inquiry field. Many businesses provide a feedback option on their websites that enables customers to email the business concerning problems or to ask questions. The email inquiry field is an effective method of providing customer service as long as the business responds in an appropriate amount of time. A portable document format allows users to view files created by another operating system. An electronic file attachment allows a user to send an attachment with an email message. Computer programming code is used to create software, web pages, etc.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: CT-CLIC.com. (2007-2014). Online inquiry form. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ctclic.com/ContactForm/default.asp
74. A
Track their appointments. Cellular telephones are available with many options. Many cell phones have calendar and scheduling applications that allow users to set and track their tasks and appointments. Cell phones may also include Internet access to check email, text-messaging functions to send text messages to clients, and global positioning systems (GPS), which are navigational tools that help users to obtain driving directions.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2014). How to use a cell phone calendar. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4444117_use-cell-phone-calendar.html#
75. A
Font. The format bar or ribbon sits above the document. It provides a set of buttons that enables users to change or format different aspects of the document. The font buttons in the format bar include the an option that enables users to change the size of text. Other buttons in the font format bar enable users to bold or italicize text or change the typeface or color of the text. The paragraph, replace, and view buttons do not enable users to change the size of the text.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Comptuer Hope. (2014). How do I change the font color, size, or type in Word? Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000829.htm
76. D
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information and to send postcards to specific customers. Word-processing, spreadsheet, and desktop publishing software do not perform the functions required by the dealer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 213-214). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Integrated. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. An example of integrated software is Microsoft Office it consists of several related programs, such as word-processing (Word), spreadsheet (Excel), presentation (PowerPoint), and database (Access). Trajectory software is used to measure velocity, wind drift, momentum, etc.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2014). Integrated software. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/integrated-software.html
78. C
Allow employees to have access to the same information. Employees often work together to complete projects, and many of these employees work in different locations. Groupware computer software allows employees to share and access the same information from a variety of locations. The ability to access the same information allows each employee to have the necessary data to complete his/her portion of the project in a timely manner. By completing projects in a timely manner, businesses are in a better position to satisfy clients/customers and earn profits, which might increase their market share. Some businesses use groupware computer software to exchange information with their customers, but this depends on the type of business and the relationship with the customer. Groupware computer software can be used in many ways, including training, but the primary purpose is to make information available to the people who need it.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.web-conferencingzone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
79. A
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's website. Stella can register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television cables. Ethernet is a local area network.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: WebHostingSearch.com. (2012, January 8). Publishing your website in three steps Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-yourwebsite.php
80. D
All other parts of the business. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in all other parts of the business. This is because operations activities affect every other business function, including marketing, finance, human resources, etc. Depending on the business, operations managers may or may not work with managers in foreign markets. Operations managers do not work with managers at competitive businesses.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. B
To correct dangerous situations. It is important to report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations in order to force businesses to correct dangerous situations. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses or employees do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations; however, businesses may be fined if they continue to ignore the regulations. During the process of investigating a report of noncompliance, it may be necessary to obtain business records. The primary purpose of reporting noncompliance is not to support whistleblowing policies. Whistleblowing policies and legislation is to protect employees from employer retribution for reporting noncompliance.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: All About OSHA. (2014). What are my rights? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.allaboutosha.com/employee-rights
82. D
They are exposed to different safety hazards. The types of safety hazards employees encounter depends upon where people work and the type of work that they do. The number of hazards each faces depends upon many factors, such as employees' observance of safety rules, management's attention to unsafe conditions, and the business's enforcement of safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
83. C
Reporting noticeable hazards to management. One way to prevent hazardous conditions is to be aware of the things that create these types of situations. For example, if an employee notices that an electrical cord is frayed, s/he should notify the appropriate manager about the problem so the manager can take steps to have the electrical cord repaired or replaced. If the electrical cord is not repaired or replaced, someone could be shocked or a fire could start. All employees should perform their daily duties in a timely manner regardless of hazards that they may encounter. Employees should replenish supplies (e.g., paper in the copy machine) to be courteous of their coworkers. Toxic waste must be handled in specific ways; therefore, employees should report this problem to management so it can be removed safely.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: All About OSHA. (2014). What are my rights? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.allaboutosha.com/employee-rights
84. D
Computer. A competitor who is willing to commit fraud can benefit by stealing information from a business's files, such as ideas or designs for new products, promotional plans, and personal information about executives. Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Point-of-sale fraud attempts to cheat a business at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (n.d.). Computer and internet fraud. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/computer_and_internet_fraud
85. D
Set the security alarm, locks the doors. Businesses install locks and security alarms to protect their facilities from theft and burglary. Depending on the business's procedures, the last employee to leave for the day should set the security alarm and lock the door. In some situations, the security alarm can be set with a remote device after the employee leaves the building and locks the doors. Turning off the lights and adjusting the thermostat will not protect the building from unlawful entry. Turning on a surveillance camera may deter and identify thieves and burglars, but this will not prevent them from entering the building.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 48-51, 60-61). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. C
Extension. A purchase order is the form that a business fills out to order goods and services. It is considered a contract between the buyer and seller. As a contract, the purchase order contains information, such as the buyer, seller, shipping address, types and quantities of items needed, prices, etc. The extension indicates the total cost of each quantity of products the buyer is purchasing. The extension amount is determined by multiplying the quantity purchased by the price per unit. For example, if a purchase order indicates that a buyer wants 12 of product X, which costs $18 each, then the extension price for Product X is $216. The product code is the vendor's identification number for the item. The amount due includes all extended prices, tax, and delivery charges.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 210-211). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
87. B
Estimating how long each step in production will take. Scheduling establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Employees responsible for scheduling look at the number of steps in the production process and estimate how long each step will take. Purchasing is the production activity that obtains the needed resources. Routing is the production activity that establishes the path inputs take from the time they are received by the business until they become outputs. Dispatching is issuing orders for production to start.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. D
After assessing the situation. The situation will dictate how a person will present him/herself to others. For example, a person attending a corporate board meeting might wear something different than someone who is attending a rock concert. Once the situation has been assessed, the individual can determine what to wear for the occasion. Showering and brushing teeth are practices of proper hygiene. Some hygiene practices (e.g., showering), must be completed before dressing. A final check consists of activities to make sure that personal appearance is in place. This is done after the person puts on the clothing.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
89. B
Classifying. There are many ways to classify your activities. One way to classify or group activities would be on the basis of frequency. Identifying activities involves listing them, prioritizing identifies the order in which they should be done, and scheduling establishes a time plan for carrying out the activities.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: TaskManagementGuide.com. (2004-2014). What is task classification? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.taskmanagementguide.com/glossary/what-is-task-classification-.php
90. C
Finishing a six-week computer-software course. An objective is a goal, and a short-term goal is one that takes less than a year to achieve. A six-week course is only a small part of a year. Becoming president of a large corporation, becoming fluent in a foreign language, or paying off a twenty-five year mortgage are long-term goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
91. A
Gives you a true picture of yourself. Self-understanding involves identifying both your strengths and your weaknesses. When you recognize your strengths, it is easier to accept your weaknesses. This helps you to like and to accept yourself, which are essential to raising your level of self-esteem. You may develop personal interests or identify enjoyable social activities through self-understanding, but they may not affect your level of self-esteem. Comparing your skills with the skills of others is not part of selfunderstanding.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. B
Company policy manual. Policies are the general rules or expectations to be followed by company personnel. Often, businesses provide these rules in a publication, such as a manual. Issues such as absences, vacations, dress codes, and the personal use of email or other office equipment are often addressed in a written form. Although it is possible to obtain information about an employer's expectations from the company website, interoffice correspondence, and coworkers, these options are not always the most reliable or the most accurate. In addition, some companies do not have websites or do not use them to post workplace policies.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 174-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Their personalities. Personality is an individual's distinctive qualities or traits and behavior. Each person has a unique personality that will have an effect on the type of occupation that will be of interest to him/her. For example, people who are outgoing and friendly will be interested in different careers than those that will interest people who prefer to work alone. Individuals should consider their personality when identifying possible occupations, rather than family history, parents' occupations, or friends' opinions.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 37-38). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. C
Talents and skills. Talents and skills are aptitudes that have an effect on the type of career that would be most suitable for an individual. When considering employment opportunities, individuals should consider their talents and skills because they are more likely to do well in careers that require their specific talents and skills. Also, they usually will enjoy a career that is compatible with their talents and skills. Finding the right job often satisfies wants and needs. Health and safety are not necessarily issues to consider because most jobs in business are safe and do not adversely affect an individual's health. Individuals usually do not consider their time and money when reviewing employment opportunities.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 36-37). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. D
Small-business owners generally are not interested in expanding their businesses. Entrepreneurs are individuals who expand their businesses in the form of products, personnel, and target markets. Entrepreneurs can, but do not usually, buy existing businesses or franchise rights. However, for franchise owners to be entrepreneurs, they must expand the business or create new businesses. Entrepreneurs are usually very involved in the daily management of their businesses in the early stages of the ventures. The U.S. Small Business Administration defines a small business as being one employing fewer than 500 people.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. B
Avoid making any negative statements about the firm she left. In many cases, people leave jobs because they can no longer tolerate the workplace. They may want to get away from a disagreeable coworker, a domineering boss, or an unpleasant atmosphere. When these people apply for new jobs, they should not describe problems or be totally honest and open about their previous situations. They should not be dishonest, but they should give whatever positive reason applies to them. These might include the desire for added responsibility, the hope of career advancement, or the wish to broaden horizons. Refusing to discuss why you left a job would indicate that you were hiding something or had been fired for some reason.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Garcia, L. (2010, January 21). What to say to potential employers about choosing to leave your last job. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.washingtonpost.com/wpdyn/content/article/2010/01/20/AR2010012002920.html
97. D
After every employment interview. Job applicants should send follow-up letters after every employment interview in order to thank the interviewer for considering them. Sending follow-up letters is a common courtesy to interviewers, but it also benefits the applicant. Even if the applicants are not hired at that time, they have created a favorable impression in the event that they apply for other positions with that business in the future. Applicants should always send follow-up letters, not only if they are interested in the job, sure they will get the job, or convinced they are qualified.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 71]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. A
Targeted. Some jobs have certain requirements that applicants should respond to by preparing résumés that provide specific information about the applicant's qualifications. For example, a person applying for a sales position might mention experience in the restaurant business if the job was related to selling supplies to restaurants. Writing the résumé to target specific types of jobs might give an applicant an advantage over someone who provided a general résumé. A chronological résumé lists an applicant's education and experience in order according to date, beginning with the most recent. A functional résumé emphasizes major accomplishments according to importance rather than date. A generalized résumé contains broad, general information rather than specific information. Generalized, chronological, and functional résumés are frequently used résumé formats.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Grayson, B. (2009, June 11). How to create a personalized résumé. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Create-a-Personalized-Resume&id=2463545
99. A
Martha Winters, Certified Public Accountant. Many professions require businesspeople to complete continuing education courses to maintain their certifications and licensures. Because certified public accountants work with financial data, they need to keep up with changes in regulations, including taxes. Security advisors, accounts-receivable supervisors, and product-acquisition (purchasing) managers need to keep up with changes in their fields; however, these positions do not usually require extensive knowledge about changes in tax regulations.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: AGC of America. (2014). State-by-state listing of continuing education license requirements. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.agc.org/cs/continuing_education_license_requirements
100. C
Lack training in management techniques. Businesses often promote workers to supervisory jobs as a reward for good performance. These new supervisors often need training to help them assume supervisory responsibilities. First-level supervisors usually are familiar with the work because they have done it themselves. Long-range planning involves planning for the entire company and is a responsibility of top management, not the first-level supervisor. Wanting to move up to mid-level management is not a problem but a legitimate career goal.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1120
Business Administration Core Exam
1. D
General partnership. The purpose of forming a partnership generally is to combine the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. A business owned by one person is called a sole proprietorship. A corporation is a form of business ownership in which a group of individuals is organized by a charter granted by the state. Corporation owners, or stockholders, have limited liability. A cooperative supplies goods and services to its user-owners.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. D
In 2014, Hewlett-Packard held 27.6 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 24.3 percent. This option provides the most detailed information about market share during a specific time frame because it provides specific percentage amounts in relation to one year. The ability to read information and extract the most important facts is an important skill to possess. Businesspeople often need to extract the most important content from various documents and articles to analyze reports, complete projects, and make business decisions.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Schall, J. (n.d.). Integrating SOURCE: material. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from https://www.eeducation.psu.edu/styleforstudents/c5_p6.html
3. B
Reading the employee handbook. Employee handbooks provide information about the company's general policies and procedures, such as overtime and vacation policies, pay schedules, dress codes, behavioral expectations, and tuition reimbursement. Some companies will pay for a portion of their employees' college coursework if it applies to the employee's job. Asking a college counselor, reviewing the production schedule, and submitting a proposal are not ways to obtain information about her employer's tuition reimbursement policies.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Dartmouth College. (2014). Employee policies and procedures manual. Retrieved May 13, 2014, from http://www.dartmouth.edu/~hrs/policy/
4. D
Go in order. When Chad puts something in place for catching the oil first, he is following his friend's directions in order. Good directions are listed in sequential order, or the order in which they need to occur. There is generally a good reason for the order, so follow it. If you skip around, you may miss one of the directions, which could result in quite a mess. In this situation, Chad is not asking questions, noting key words, or accepting responsibility.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
5. D
Listening. Listening involves not only hearing what the speaker is saying but making appropriate verbal responses. It is an essential component, or part, of verbal communication. Facial expressions, eye contact, and body posture are examples of nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 192-193). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
6. C
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013, March 11). 10 nonverbal cues that convey confidence at work. Retrieved August 11, 2015, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/03/11/10-nonverbalcues-that-convey-confidence-at-work/.
7. B
Empathic. Being empathic is acting according to an intellectual identification with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. It is often helpful to imagine yourself in your friend's place, to try to understand how s/he feels. By doing so, you often gain insight and can better help your friend by providing thoughtful advice. If you are too formal, judgmental, or businesslike with a friend, you may come across as uncaring, and you may offend your friend.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
8. B
Improve a situation. To get others to accept your idea, you must indicate how the idea will improve a situation or provide a benefit. Feasible business ideas might include improvements such as increasing profits, efficiency, sales, and market share. Feasible ideas may or may not impact the economy, involve a lot of risk, or require additional resources. Businesspeople are more likely to scrutinize and want supporting evidence for ideas that require additional resources or involve high risk taking, which could make acceptance more challenging.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Baumgartner, J. (2013). How to evaluate ideas. Retrieved August 10, 2015, from http://www.innovationmanagement.se/imtool-articles/how-to-evaluate-ideas
9. D
Offer to schedule a second call. In some situations, you will call an important customer at a time when the customer is busy or in a hurry and is unable to speak to you. Then, it is appropriate to offer to schedule a second call at a time that will be convenient for the customer. You should not try to continue the conversation or explain that the call will be short if the customer indicates that this is a bad time. It is your responsibility to return the call rather than ask the customer to call you.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Brooks, M. (2015). Four ways to handle the "I'm too busy" brush off. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://www.nasp.com/article/1834F370-885A/four-ways-to-handle-the-i-m-toobusy-brush-off.html
10. D
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you should think about what you want to say before speaking. Make sure that you state accurate information facts and that you don't say something in a way that is offensive to others. You should communicate facts and express opinions when appropriate. You should talk about what's on your mind. And, you should pay attention when others are speaking.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
11. B
Active listening. To take meaningful notes, you must listen to what the speaker is saying. To pick up on the key points, you must actively listen. Effective note-taking does not involve capturing every detail of the presentation, nor does it involve the use of creative thinking techniques. And although it may be helpful for some individuals, effective notes do not need to be formatted as an outline.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Dartmouth Academic Skills Center. (2014). Classes: Note-taking, listening, participation. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/success/notes.html
12. D
A pie chart. If Yvonne wants to show how her company budget is divided among three departments, she should use a pie chart. Pie charts are often used when comparing parts of a whole. Bar graphs are used to show changes over time or to compare figures between different groups. Line graphs show changes over short and long time periods. Area graphs, much like line graphs, are often used to show changes over time. Area graphs can show one or more groups.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: National Center for Education Statistics. (2013). How do I choose which type of graph to use? Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://nces.ed.gov/nceskids/help/user_guide/graph/whentouse.asp
13. C
Work to understand what the communication means. Effective written communication presents information in a clear, easy-to-read style so that readers do not have to try to figure out what the communication is all about. Readers should be able to grasp the communication's message in a minimum amount of reading time. Written communication should follow a logical train of thought, and readers should be able to find the information they need within the communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Jackson, K. (1996-2015). Writing skills. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/WritingSkills.htm
14. A
Signature. Text appearing at the bottom of an email that indicates a person's or business's identity and contact information is known as the email signature. Many businesses require their employees to include a signature identifying themselves and their contact information in all of their outgoing email. An email attachment is a computer file that is sent with an email message. An email carbon copy is a duplicate of an email that is sent to someone else in addition to the primary recipient(s) of the message. Email etiquette refers to a set of rules specifying how to behave and conduct oneself when writing and/or replying to emails.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 190). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. D
Clarity. Communication that is expressed clearly is described as having clarity. Caution is carefully stating a point in order to avoid conflict or misunderstanding. Courtesy involves the use of tact and consideration, while consensus is group opinion.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 156-157]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. D
Basic information. Businesses often write letters of inquiry to other businesses to request information and literature or to order goods or services. These types of letters are routine and should contain only the information the receiver needs in order to respond. It is not necessary to provide complex instructions or technical explanations when writing routine letters. Letters of inquiry usually do not contain confidential data because they are making requests rather than providing information.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 225-226]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. C
She interrupted the speaker. Because it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking, Lindsay should have waited until Tom was finished speaking before asking a question. In many meetings, the leader or speaker will ask the participants if they have questions, so it would be appropriate to ask for clarification at that time. There is not enough information provided to determine if Lindsay expressed an opinion, asked a question irrelevant to the topic at hand, or used distracting gestures.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M. & Dunfrene, D.D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 55-56]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning
18. C
Delivering bad news. Using a pleasant tone of voice with customers is especially important when delivering bad news. A pleasant tone of voice can help keep the entire situation calm. Employees should always endeavor to use a pleasant tone of voice with customers; however, it is not necessarily more important when trying to sell a new product, when the customer is in a good mood, or when the employee is being observed by a supervisor.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CR LAP 4—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
19. D
Inquiry. Customers often have questions about the proper use of certain products. Salespeople should possess adequate product knowledge in order to handle customers' inquiries. Salespeople who have the information to answer questions and explain how products are used often are able to sell those products to customers. An objection is a customer's reason for not buying. A complaint or protest is a customer's expression of dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Alesto, J. (2008, December 7). Inbound call handling centers-How they handle customer inquiries and complaints. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://ezinearticles.com/?InboundCall-Handling-Centers—-How-They-Handle-Customer-Inquiries-andComplaints&id=1765658
20. D
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: InterNations.org. (2007-2013). International business communication. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.internations.org/magazine/international-business-issues15385/international-business-communication-2
21. D
Product. The product policy determines which products the business will offer. These products act as "drawing cards" that attract customers. Credit policies control the use of payment plans that allow customers to purchase now and pay later. Service policies provide special features to encourage customers to select one business over another. Return and delivery are types of service policies.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
22. D
Late delivery. The quality of service provided to customers can result in complaints. For example, customers will complain when deliveries are late. A defective item or incorrect size are product complaints. Empathetic behavior should result in customer satisfaction rather than in customer complaints.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
23. D
Ask your manager or supervisor. The easiest way to learn your company's brand promise is to ask your manager or supervisor. S/He should know! If s/he doesn't, perhaps you can figure it out together. An educated guess, the website, and coworkers aren't as reliable as your manager should be.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: CR LAP 6—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
24. A
Intangible. The major characteristics of economic services are very similar to those of economic goods. They must be useful, scarce, and transferable. However, services are not physical objects. They are intangible activities performed by other people for a certain amount of money. Intangible means not capable of being detected through the senses. Useful and scarce are characteristics of both economic goods and services. Physical is a characteristic of economic goods.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. C
Buildings, roads, and equipment. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services and are provided by people. Examples of capital goods are buildings, roads, equipment, and airplanes. These items are capital goods because they enable producers to operate businesses and to make goods available to customers. Land, minerals, and water are natural resources. Natural resources are items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 273, 275]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
26. B
Supply. Supply is the quantity of a good or service that producers are able and willing to offer for sale at a specified price in a given period of time. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that consumers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Supply is not the same as quantity sold or quantity demanded.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. A
Decreases. When prices go down, consumers will buy more, but producers will produce less because of the certainty of decreased profits. This process eliminates excess supply. The quantity that producers are willing to supply does not increase or stay the same as the prices decrease.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
28. C
Limited-line. Limited-line businesses specialize in the products that they offer for sale. They usually carry an excellent assortment of those goods. Service businesses perform intangible activities that satisfy the wants of consumers or industrial users. Specialty businesses typically carry a very limited variety of products. Discount businesses sell products at reduced prices and usually carry a variety of items.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. C
Changes in customer buying habits. Uninsurable risks are those risks that insurance companies cannot or will not cover. Examples include obsolescence of products, shifts in consumer demand, and changes in laws. Personal injury, public liability, and damage to business facilities are considered insurable risks.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
30. D
Businesses and consumers. In a private enterprise economy, all of the buyers and sellers play an important role in controlling the economy. They interact with each other in the marketplace to determine what products will be produced and what prices will be charged for those products. In some countries, the national government controls the economy.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
31. C
Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is a government regulatory agency that administers and enforces antitrust laws to prevent price fixing and unfair competitive practices, and to regulate false or deceptive advertising. The Food and Drug Administration protects consumers from impure, improperly labeled, and unhealthful food, drugs, and cosmetics. The Department of Agriculture is responsible for inspection of meat, butter, and eggs in interstate commerce. Legal Aid provides legal counsel for those unable to pay for such service.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 129, 666-667). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
32. B
It helps you manage your emotions. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in yourself and others. It doesn't have anything to do with being an emotional person—a person who cries easily and one who never shows his/her emotions can have the same level of emotional intelligence. "Book smarts" aren't the same as emotional intelligence—the term is typically used to describe IQ, or a person's cognitive ability. Many people feel that emotional intelligence may actually be the best predictor of success in life. A person with emotional intelligence has many of the characteristics necessary for success, like problem solving skills, flexibility, and the ability to get along with others.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
33. D
Doubts about yourself. When self-doubts are present, self-esteem has dropped. These doubts and your low level of self-esteem may keep you from having confidence in your own ability or an appreciation for life. A low level of self-esteem does not necessarily cause difficulty with visualization—the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. Visualization is a method of overcoming low levels of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 197-198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. C
Looking for behavior patterns that occur regularly over time. By assessing your personal strengths and weaknesses, you can apply your talents where they are best used and select a career in which you are most likely to be successful. A successful assessment of your strengths and weaknesses requires being aware of your behavior patterns over time. By being aware of your behavior patterns, you can determine the things that you do well and things that you want to improve. When assessing your personal strengths and weaknesses, avoid making false generalizations about yourself, which is basing your idea of a personal strength or weakness on one isolated incident. And, because everyone is different, avoid comparing yourself to others. After identifying the weaknesses that you want to work on, try improving one weakness at a time. Taking on too many changes at once can be very frustrating.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. A
Trait. There are three types of personal traits: physical, mental, and emotional. A particular trait may or may not be an asset. The term "feature" is used more commonly to refer to physical characteristics, as opposed to behavioral characteristics. A person's image is influenced by all of his/her personal traits.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
36. C
Practice. Changing personal behavior requires an individual to have enough self-discipline to practice the new, improved behavior until it becomes routine. Leadership is taking positive steps to influence and to guide others. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. There is no monetary cost, or expense, involved in altering behavior.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
37. D
Additional work. Employees demonstrate initiative by looking for work that needs to be done—not just for things that happen to be easy, pleasant or enjoyable. In fact, activities such as reading may be met with disapproval.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
38. D
Not steal from the business. Businesses prefer to hire honest workers because they can trust them with their cash, supplies, and equipment. Being honest does not necessarily mean that these workers will know how to do their jobs or not cause any problems. Being honest does not mean saying whatever you think, which may cause problems for the business.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
39. A
Be patient while customers decide. Being able to "put yourself in the shoes" of indecisive customers will help you to understand why they can't make up their minds. This will help you to be more patient with the customers until they can come to a decision. Employees should not make decisions for customers. Empathy will not help you to improve the decision-making process or to handle more customers.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
40. A
Speak slower than you normally would. This will help the person you're speaking with translate your words in his/her mind. Speaking loudly does not help with translating. Remember that someone from another country does not necessarily have a hearing problem. Show cultural sensitivity by patiently working with persons who are not native English speakers. A language barrier does not mean s/he is not the right person with whom to do business. Important international and domestic business partnerships happen every day between persons whose native languages are different. It is not possible or smart to avoid doing business with persons for whom English is a second language.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: Ethnic Harvest. (2008). Ten steps toward cultural sensitivity. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.ethnicharvest.org/ideas/10-steps.htm
41. D
Nonverbal communication. Nonverbal communication is forms of communication that do not involve the use of words. It may include facial expression, body posture or movement, eye contact, and appearance. In this situation, the staff members are using body movements to express approval. This is not inappropriate behavior. The group is making an animated response, but it does not involve conversation or sign language, which is a formal kind of communication method using signs to represent letters and words.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M. & Dunfrene, D.D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 47-56]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. C
They are afraid of damaging their relationships. A barrier is anything that blocks the way or makes it more difficult to accomplish something. Insecure people are often afraid to be assertive because they are anxious about their interpersonal relationships. Assertive behavior is positive, not negative. Other barriers to assertiveness include disliking conflict of any kind and believing you have no control over your behavior.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
43. B
Miscommunication. Conflicts are disagreements. Disagreements happen for different reasons. Sometimes, it's a matter of miscommunication or misunderstanding. In the example, Tim thought he heard his manager say one day and time, when his manager actually said something else. Or, perhaps Tim's manager thought he told Tim that he wanted the report earlier than he originally requested, but really forgot to tell Tim. The disagreement did not occur because Tim had limited resources, because he questioned his manager's authority, or because each party held inconsistent opinions.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
44. C
True. Because every team member contributes unique skills and talents, each person has the potential to lead the team in different ways. Teams differ from groups in a variety of ways. In teams, each member possesses different skills and knowledge to achieve goals that team members set together. Each team member takes on a leadership role in relation to his/her expertise and strengths to guide others and to complete various tasks to achieve the team's goals. In effective teams, every member shares accountability, collaborates with one another, and encourages objectivity and creativity. In groups, group members follow one leader who establishes the goals. Members work individually and are personally held accountable for their actions.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork)
45. C
Contentment. Being adaptable requires you to stretch, try new things, and get out of your comfort zone, which can be hard to do if you're content. Objectivity and empathy are characteristics of adaptable people; these traits make it easier for a person to adapt. Missed opportunities are a negative consequence of refusing to adapt.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
46. D
Regularly reviewing and revising goals. Rachael is reviewing and revising her goals. As circumstances change, so will goals. Rachael is leaving room for doing this. In this scenario, Rachael is not setting difficult but possible goals, setting specific goals, or tying her goals to a timetable.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. D
Communication. When leading a change, communication is critical. Most change failures occur because there is a lack of communication. Although commitment and trust are also important parts of the change process, communication is the key. And even though resistance can be a good thing, it is not necessary to the change process.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
48. A
Aware of your surroundings at all times. Being a good listener means being well aware of your surroundings at all times. What changes are taking place in the organization and in the industry in general? How might they affect the team vision or the goals you've set for reaching that vision? As a leader, you can't afford to get caught not paying attention. As a team leader, you are responsible to listen to your team and to your customers as well as to your managers. Being a good listener also means getting to know your team members and soliciting their feedback.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. D
Giving feedback. One of a coach's most important tasks is giving feedback. Coachees need to know what they did right, what they did wrong, and how they can improve. By giving feedback or evaluative information, coaches are able to help coachees improve their performance. Caring for others, accepting change, and being honest are characteristics of effective coaches rather than a coach's most important tasks.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
50. C
Increased productivity. Productivity is the amount and the value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). Effective human relations in the workplace improves employee morale, which often increases the amount of work employees accomplish. Effective human relations also increases customer loyalty and reduces absenteeism.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. D
Bank notes. Bank notes are currency. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. A mutual fund is a collection of shareholders' money that is invested by professional fund managers in an assortment of different securities, such as stocks and bonds. A bond is a piece of paper (real or virtual) that says the governing body or corporation will borrow your money at a particular interest rate for a particular period of time. Municipal bonds are issued by local governments.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: McMahon, M. & Harris, B. (2003-2015). What is a bank note? Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-bank-note.htm
52. D
Truth-in-Lending Act. The Truth-in-Lending Act requires businesses to provide credit customers with all the information that applies to their accounts and send customers regular updated statements showing the status of their accounts. The purpose of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act is to make the granting of credit fair by prohibiting the denial of credit based on the applicant's gender, race, age, marital status, or national origin. The Fair Credit Billing Act requires businesses which extend credit to respond within 30 days to any customer's complaint or inquiry about a billing error. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act gives consumers the right to inspect the files of their credit history at any credit agency and to have any mistakes corrected.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Holmes, T. (October 31, 2014). Know your rights under the truth in lending act. Retrieved August 11, 2015, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/know-your-rights-truthin-lending-act-1282.php.
53. A
Emergency fund. Many financial planners advise their clients to maintain a savings account specifically to cover unexpected events, such as job loss or illness. The money in an individual's emergency fund is used to cover basic living expenses (e.g., mortgage, rent, car insurance, food) until s/he can work and earn a steady income. Many financial planners advise individuals to maintain enough money to cover living expenses for three to six months. Education plans are savings accounts that allow parents to save money for their children's college education. Retirement funds are financial instruments that build wealth for an individual's retirement. An insurance policy is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium).
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 88]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
54. B
Variable expenses. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Developing a personal budget helps individuals better manage their money. Variable expenses are expenses that change from month to month, such as food, clothing, and entertainment expenses. Fixed expenses are expenses that do not change every month, such as rent and loan payments. Relational outflows and periodic investments are not budgetary categories.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 89]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
55. D
Income. Income tax is a tax rate on all income a person earns. A percentage of Jane's pay is taken out to pay for this tax. Property tax is tax on property, such as a home. Consumers pay a sales tax when they purchase many types of goods. Since Jane is receiving her pay, not buying a good, sales tax does not apply. Excise taxes are taxes paid when purchases are made on a specific good, such as gasoline. Excise taxes are often included in the price of the product.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2015). Taxes. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=taxes
56. B
Insurance policy. Individuals maintain a variety of financial records, and one of these is an insurance policy. In many cases, individuals have several types of insurance policies, such as automobile, homeowner's, health, life, etc. These policies pay claims that have cash value. For example, if an individual's home is damaged due to a tornado, a homeowner's policy will pay for repairs, which saves money for the homeowner. It is important for individuals to keep a record of these policies so they will know what is covered and for how much. Cashier's checks, product warranties, and travel reports are not financial records that individuals should maintain.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Huguelet, M.C. (July 26, 2015). What is an insurance policy?. Retrieved August 11, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-insurance-policy.htm.
57. C
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive credit card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first, since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Basco, P. (2006-2015). Seven ways to avoid runaway credit card debt. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article20.shtml
58. B
Use unusual passwords rather than your birth date to access your bank accounts. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g., credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. Identity theft can occur even when you take precautions. To reduce the risk of identity theft, use unusual passwords to access your personal bank accounts rather than common information such as your birth date. To further prevent identity theft, do not place your Social Security number or social insurance number on unnecessary documents. Many people do not have passports. Paying with cash is not always a good idea because cancelled bank checks serve as a receipt for payments. If you pay your bills by sending cash, the envelope may get lost, and you have no record of making the payment. In addition, using credit cards wisely can help you build a good credit report, which will help you obtain loans for expensive items (e.g., car) in the future.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: The University of Chicago. (2015). Good password practices. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from https://itservices.uchicago.edu/page/good-password-practices
59. B
They are very low risk. Bonds are very low risk investments. As a matter of fact, they are often referred to as "guaranteed money." However, you can't access your money at any time, and bonds are not FDICinsured. Bonds are lending investments with little risk; therefore, they don't offer extremely high rates of return.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
60. A
Obtain insurance. Risk is the possibility of loss. There are many ways to reduce the possibility of loss. One way to reduce the possibility of loss is by transferring the risk, which is done by obtaining insurance. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Implementing security measures, checking for hazards, and screening employees are ways to control and prevent certain types of risks.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 727-728). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is one type of financial statement that accountants prepare for a business using the financial information they gather, record, and organize. It is a snapshot of the business's assets and liabilities. A sales invoice is a bill given to a business customer. A credit card statement is a bill a credit card company sends to its customer. A bank-deposit slip is a receipt given to a bank customer when s/he makes a deposit into a checking or savings account.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
62. B
Accounting. Businesses use accounting to keep track of the value of the things they own, the amounts owed to them, and the amounts that they owe to others. Bookkeeping involves actually recording the financial information of a business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Financing involves funding a business activity or project through debt, equity, or venture capital.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
63. D
Return on capital. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow. It is a key component of managing working capital. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing. Accounts payable refers to the money the business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
64. D
Screening. In the human resources function, screening involves "weeding out" the applicants that do not meet minimum requirements for the job or have not satisfactorily completed the application. On-boarding activities are human resources tasks that must be performed when a new employee joins the company (e.g., orientation and paperwork). Prospecting is a sales activity that involves identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product. Negotiating is the process of influencing someone to take a certain course of action in order to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
65. D
Needs and desires of consumers. Businesspeople have found that it's just plain good business to base their decision making on customer needs and wants. They've learned that it's much better to find out what customers want and offer that, than it is to develop or manufacture an item and then try to sell it to someone. The goals of the business, its projected sales, and the services offered by competitors are other factors that affect managers' decisions.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way (Nature of Marketing)
66. A
Last quarter, sales increased by 12%. A fact is a true statement—something that is known to be correct. To prove that sales truly increased by 12% last quarter, you can compare last quarter's sales with the sales from two quarters ago. An opinion, on the other hand, is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. "I believe that the product is defective"; "It seems that we have a problem"; and "Kerry and Dean are the nicest managers" are opinions. They reflect people's beliefs about the product's quality, about a situation, and about Kerry and Dean.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2013, May 27). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-the-differencebetween-fact-and-opinion.htm
67. B
His company's intranet. An intranet is an internal network similar to the Internet that is accessible only by authorized personnel. It is used to access information and communicate with others within an organization. A company intranet often consists of internal databases, which provide computerized storage for information and facts. Businesses typically maintain information in their databases that are relevant to their operations—product specifications, inventory levels, vendor contact information, customer sales records, etc. When an employee needs information, such as the model number of a customer's printer, s/he can quickly obtain the customer's sales records by accessing data stored on the intranet, which will ensure that the employee orders the correct printer cartridge for his/her customer. The manufacturer's accounting department, its production manager, and the company's contact directory are unlikely to have the information needed.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [p. 264]. South-Western, Cengage Learning.
68. D
Obsolete. Records can be either paper or digital. Paper records are stored in drawers, in cabinets, or on shelves. Digital records, on the other hand, are stored in computer-related media such as flash drives, networked storage servers, or disks. Unfortunately, some computer-related media, including 5.25-inch floppy disks, have become obsolete, outmoded, and inaccessible; many business owners such as Chloe no longer own the older technology needed to access data stored in the obsolete media. Floppy disks are not typically destructive, networked, or decentralized.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Fletcher, R. (2007, January 30). PC World announces the end of the floppy disk. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/2803487/PC-World-announcesthe-end-of-the-floppy-disk.html
69. B
A database. Because of advances in technology, records that used to take up row upon row of filing cabinets can now be kept on computers for quick and easy access, organization, and editing. These databases are great advantages for businesses. Internet telephony refers to communications that take place over the Web rather than over traditional public networks. This includes services like Vonage and Skype, which are known as Voice over Internet Protocol. Expert systems are a special kind of computer software designed to mimic the knowledge of a human expert. Automotive mechanics often use expert systems to diagnose trouble in a car's engine. Computer automation is typically used in the manufacturing industry to help companies plan and test products more efficiently or produce products in more cost-effective ways.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
70. B
Transaction processing system. This is a computerized information system that processes daily, routine business transactions at the operational level of companies. Knowledge work systems aid knowledge workers in the creation and integration of new knowledge into companies. Their purpose is to improve worker productivity. Decision support systems aid managers in making decisions that are unique and rapidly changing. Executive support systems are reporting tools that enable managers to turn a company's data into useful reports.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: techopedia. (2010-2015). Transaction process system (TPS). Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.techopedia.com/definition/707/transaction-process-system-tps
71. D
Operating system. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is not the digital connection, the transfer protocol, or the electronic resource.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 147]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
72. A
Make an informed buying decision. The Internet has revolutionized the ways in which business is conducted. The Internet provides customers with the ability to obtain product information in a variety of ways—from business websites, blogs, newsfeeds, and consumer information websites. In the example, William is doing research to find out how other users like different smartphones before he makes a decision about the one that he wants to buy. William will likely visit various smartphone e-tailers to get product specifications and pricing before making his decision. Although phone plans are often a factor when making a mobile-phone purchasing decision, there is not enough information provided to determine whether phone plans will affect William's buying decision. William hasn't purchased his smartphone yet, so he can't reaffirm his recent purchase.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 7-9]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
73. D
Blind carbon copy. The blind carbon copy function (Bcc) is used to keep email addresses private and to prevent recipients from seeing who else is receiving the email. The blind carbon copy function is frequently used to send messages to a large group of email recipients. The carbon copy feature (cc) can also be used when sending email to several people, but every recipient can see everyone else's email address using this technique. An attachment is a computer file that is sent with an email message. An autoresponder is a computer program that automatically returns a specified message to anyone who emails a particular address.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Email blind carbon copy (Bcc). (1996-2012). Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.livinginternet.com/e/ea_bcc.htm
74. B
Browser. A browser is a type of software that allows a computer to search, find, access, and view information on the Internet. Google Chrome and Microsoft Internet Explorer are examples of browsers. A folder is an area on a computer's hard drive that can be set up to store specific information. A cookie is a bit of information that a website stores on a user's hard drive. Anchor describes the desktop-publishing concept of placing or fixing a graphic in a specific, consistent position near other page content, such as text.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2015). Web browser. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/B/browser.html
75. D
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 29-30]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
76. C
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: White, D., & Foster, N. (n.d.). What is groupware? Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm
77. C
Effectiveness (keeping customers satisfied). Operations managers oversee all the processes involved with converting inputs into outputs. They complete this job with two goals in mind—efficiency (keeping costs low) and effectiveness (keeping customers satisfied). When the operations function is performed well, it adds value to the company's product. While operations managers certainly care about legality, productivity, and reputation, their main goals are to maintain efficiency and effectiveness.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
78. D
Work-practice control. Employers are responsible for protecting their employees' health and safety. Businesses should identify potential hazards in the workplace and implement methods to correct, control, or eliminate these hazards. Readmore Bookstore is using a work-practice control to reduce the number of back injuries resulting from improper lifting. Work-practice controls change the way that employees do their jobs—often through training and safety meetings—to reduce the employees' chances of injuring themselves. Engineering controls are modifications made to equipment and/or the work environment to reduce the chance of injuries. Engineering controls that the bookstore could implement to reduce employee injuries might include the purchase and use of pallet jacks, hand trucks, or dollies. Administrative controls often include changes to when employees do their work to reduce the risk of injury. An administrative control that could help to reduce back injuries at the bookstore might involve limiting the length of time that each employee spends lifting boxes each day. Personal protective equipment is equipment or clothing designed to protect employees' health and safety. Personal protective equipment that the bookstore could require its employees to wear while lifting boxes could be back belts.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Occupational Safety & Health Administration. (n.d.). Solutions to control hazards. Retrieved August 10, 2015, from http://www.osha.gov/SLTC/ergonomics/controlhazards.html
79. C
Maintain data security. Some advertising agencies use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. Advertising agencies are not able to track employees' email, stop an incoming virus, or control internal communication by using a software program that prevents employees from forwarding documents over the Internet.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Shinder, D. (2010, March 29). 10 ways to make sure your data doesn't walk out the door. Retrieved August 11, 2015, from http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-ways-tomake-sure-your-data-doesnt-walk-out-the-door-updated/.
80. C
Provide training. Depending on the type of business, employees may be required to use equipment and machinery that may be complicated to operate. To help employees follow instructions and use the equipment and machinery in a safe manner, it is often necessary to provide training. During training, employees learn correct operating procedures which will minimize the possibility of accidents or injuries. Displaying first aid posters or installing a sprinkler system will not help employees follow instructions for the use of equipment and machinery. Depending on the equipment or machinery, employees may be required to wash their hands before or after use.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 407, 409]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
81. A
Protect employees in the workplace. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) was formed in 1970 to coordinate federal safety programs. It operates as an agency of the U.S. Department of Labor. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regulates commerce in the U.S. Disabled and retired workers in the U.S. receive pensions from Social Security. The Defense Department is responsible for overseeing the armed forces.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (n.d.). About OSHA. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://www.osha.gov/about.html
82. B
Bomb threat. Emergency situations usually occur unexpectedly. Therefore, business employees should know how to handle and report them even if it is unlikely they will occur. An example of an emergency situation is a bomb threat. Although most businesses will never have a bomb threat, employees should know what to do to be prepared if it happens. Civil disorder usually involves widespread rioting. Not all employees handle checks or security issues such as identity theft in the workplace.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: NSW MSC Online. (n.d.). Follow emergency procedures. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://hsc.csu.edu.au/construction/other_units/compulsory/bcg1001a/3263/emergency_proce dures.htm
83. D
Log out of his/her computer when leaving work. One way that an individual employee can help protect company information on a daily basis is to log out of his/her computer when leaving work for lunch or for the evening. By doing so, it becomes much more difficult for an intruder to access company information on that particular computer. However, if the employee also stores her/his log-in information (i.e., username and password) in a desk drawer at work, that very same intruder can easily access company data if s/he has time and opportunity to look in the drawers of the desk. Checking personal email on a work computer and transferring files from a home computer to a work computer are potentially dangerous. They make the computer vulnerable to hackers' attacks and electronic viruses which could result in the loss of company information.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Cisco. (n.d.). Data leakage worldwide: Common risks and mistakes employees make. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.cisco.com/en/US/solutions/collateral/ns170/ns896/ns895/white_paper_c11499060.html
84. A
Decentralized. Decentralized is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are distributed among many departments and individuals. Many nationwide retail chains have decentralized their purchasing operations because they have grown so large that central buying can no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant stores. Standardized is something that is always done in the same way. Centralized purchasing is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Specialized is concentrating on a limited line of endeavor.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: Accounting Management. (2010). Concept and meaning of decentralized purchasing, advantages and disadvantages of decentralized purchasing. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://accountlearning.blogspot.com/2010/05/dicentralized-purchasing-advantagesand.html
85. C
Competitive-bid. Placing orders through the use of a competitive-bid buying method involves sending specifications for products to several vendors who respond with written quotes. Then, the business reviews the quotes and decides which vendor most closely meets the specifications. The specifications might include quality of product, delivery time, and price. This process is time consuming but often provides businesses with vendors that are able to provide exactly what the businesses want. The blankcheck buying method involves giving certain vendors the authority to deliver products without first quoting a price. The lowest-price method involves always buying from the low bidder without considering other specifications. Standard-markup is not a buying method.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Inc.com. (n.d.). Competitive bids. Retrieved August 28, 2015, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/competitive-bids.html
86. B
Using proper, approved inventory processes helps to ensure that you won't run out of supplies. One of the biggest reasons to inventory your supplies is that it lets you know what you have in stock. When you see that you're running low, you can reorder supplies. Supplies need to be maintained; they aren't ordered only once per year. Conducting a routine inventory of supplies actually reduces the chance of theft. All employees should not order supplies; instead, one or two employees should be in charge of purchasing. If too many employees buy supplies, it can be hard to keep track of inventory.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Mott, A. (2014). How to do inventory of office supplies. Retrieved on August 31, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/inventory-office-supplies-18351.html
87. A
Exercise, diet, and sleep. There are a number of health factors that contribute to personal appearance. These include good nutrition, regular exercise, weight control, adequate sleep, dental and eye care, and correct posture. Education, training, and study help to maintain good mental health. Positive thinking, hobbies, vacations, and recreation help to maintain good emotional health.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
88. C
Observations. If businesspeople want to be innovative, they must always be observing life around them— both the business world and the world in general. They should be reading trade publications, newspapers, and industry blogs as well as attending trade shows and conferences. Experience, demographics, and accidents are all sources of innovation, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
89. D
Have a gut feeling about one alternative. If you rely on your insight or intuition, then you're listening to a gut feeling that one alternative is better (or worse) than the other. Being comfortable with risk, having encountered an option before, and being set on a particular result are all internal factors that affect your decisions, but they aren't directly tied to insight's significant role in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
90. B
Attending a school of art and design. This would be an appropriate educational goal for Susan because it will help her to make the most of her skills without requiring the kinds of academic courses that cause her problems. Graduating from a four-year university or completing graduate-level courses may be very stressful and could damage her self-esteem. Studying the works of great artists does not constitute an educational goal, but it would be an appropriate leisure pursuit for Susan.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: College Living Experience. (December 18, 2012). How students with learning challenges set and accomplish realistic goals. Retrieved August 11, 2015, from http://experiencecle.com/2012/12/how-to-set-and-accomplish-realistic-goals/.
91. A
Fair treatment. Discrimination is the unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, which include race, religion, and gender. In the example, the business pays both its male and female employees the same salary range for the same type of work, which indicates it is treating people fairly on the basis of their gender. In many countries, there are laws that prohibit discrimination, so businesses should take steps to ensure that they are in compliance with the law and treating their employees fairly. The example does not describe the employees' right to work in a safe environment or their right to privacy. Businesses do not prevent employees from buying stock. Some types of corporations encourage their employees to buy their company stock.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Employee rights law center. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/employee-rights/
92. D
Occupational Outlook Handbook. This publication is available in most libraries and online and provides up-to-date information about the number of openings, advancement potential, and pay rates for a wide range of careers. It is revised regularly by the U.S. Department of Labor based on current job statistics. Career centers and school guidance offices are helpful sources of information for people who are still in school or ready to graduate. Temporary jobs can provide experience but are limited in scope and probably would not be helpful to people who are currently employed.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 35-36). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
93. B
Passion for a hobby. Entrepreneurial ventures often begin as hobbies such as sewing, baking, jewelry making, or woodworking. Because Miguel enjoyed woodworking in his spare time, his business started out as a hobby. There is not enough information to determine if Miguel wanted a more flexible schedule, had technological knowledge, or needed more adventure in his life when he started his business.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
94. D
Posted help-wanted signs. Many local businesses post help-wanted signs in their windows to attract the attention of prospective employees. Young people searching for their first jobs often respond to the helpwanted signs. The young people usually are familiar with these businesses because they are part of the community. Businesses that hire employment agencies, conduct professional searches, and advertise in trade journals usually are looking for employees who have experience or specialized training rather than young people searching for their first jobs.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Tahmincioglu, E. (2012, June 26). Summer help-wanted signs are still up. Retrieved August 31, 2015, from http://www.today.com/money/summer-help-wanted-signs-are-still-6C9677196
95. A
Write clearly using a black or blue pen to present a professional appearance. The way in which an applicant fills out a job application can affect the applicant's chances of getting an interview. A job application that contains sloppy handwriting, misspelled words, and incomplete information presents an unprofessional impression. It indicates to the business that the applicant completes tasks haphazardly, which is not a favorable trait for employees to have. To present a professional appearance, the applicant should complete every section of the application and write clearly using a blue or black pen. Some employers may feel that using a pencil to complete an application is unprofessional and difficult to read. Although it depends on the position, many employers require that applicants provide résumés when they complete job applications.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2015). A job-seeker's guide to successfully completing job applications.. Retrieved August 10, 2015, from http://www.quintcareers.com/job_applications.html
96. B
Express your interest in the job opening. A letter of application serves as a way to introduce yourself, express your interest in a job with the company, and briefly describe why you are a good candidate for the job. Because your résumé is enclosed with the letter, you should provide résumé highlights, and ask the reader to refer to the résumé for further details about your skills, experience, and education. Salary requirements are usually not addressed in the letter of application. The interviewer contacts the job applicant to schedule an interview after reviewing the applicant's letter of application and résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. A
Former employers. The reference section of a résumé should list two or three people who can provide information about you. The best references are former employers, because they can accurately describe your work habits, abilities, and attitudes towards the job. Prospective employers will want to contact these references to find out if you performed satisfactorily in former positions. Potential employers usually do not want to contact your classmates, family members, and coworkers because they are personal references who may be unable to provide unbiased information about you.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 49-50]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. B
Jobs of the future. Employees will experience many changes in technology throughout their careers. In order to be prepared for the jobs that new technology will create, employees need to continue their education. Technology will eliminate some jobs in the future and change the way some jobs are performed. Employees will need to keep up with the new developments by continuing their education and learning new skills. Those employees who do not continue their education might find themselves without jobs because they have not adapted to a new work environment. Employees do not continue their education in order to be prepared for life after retirement, changes in lifestyle, or adjustments in pay. However, continuing their education often helps employees to improve their lifestyle by increasing their pay.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 307). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
99. D
Take disciplinary action. A firm's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. Often, businesses document the rules of conduct in an employee handbook. If employees break the firm's rules of conduct, the firm may take action to discipline the employee. Disciplinary actions that a firm might take include counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. Employees who do not follow the company's rules of conduct are not usually promoted. Although it is possible for a business to change certain policies, not all policies address the rules of conduct. For example, the business might change aspects of its selling policies, some of which may not address the sales staff's conduct in relation to the selling process. Quotas are specific goals (e.g., sales dollars) to be met.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 84-85]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
100. B
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. When a manager staffs the firm, s/he is locating workers to fill job positions. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1129
Business Administration Core Exam
1. A
Subchapter "S" corporation. A subchapter "S", or "S," corporation is a state-chartered corporation developed to help small businesses by saving them money on taxes if they meet certain conditions. It is limited to 75 or fewer shareholders, has limited shareholder liability, and requires little financial reporting. An open corporation usually sells millions of shares of stock to many stockholders, pays corporate taxes, and must make its financial information available to the general public. A general partnership is an agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. B
Take notes while reading. Employees often are expected to read a wide variety of materials to obtain information that they can use on the job or to help the company. Some of this material may be complex, technical, and difficult to understand. To extract relevant information effectively, it is often useful to take notes while reading. Jotting down key points or summarizing helps employees to focus on the information and remember it. It may not be possible to ask frequent questions when reading. Outlines are developed before writing begins. Skimming through chapter titles is not an effective way to extract information.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
3. A
Reading. The first step in applying written directions to achieve tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. Therefore, reading for understanding and meaning is an important step. Employees should listen if the directions are given verbally rather than in writing. If employees do not understand the written directions, they might speak to a manager and ask questions for clarification. However, they should first read the directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 196-197). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. C
Active listening. Listening is a communication technique that involves processing and understanding a verbal message. When people actively listen for understanding, they support and encourage a speaker who is attempting to deliver a message. Active listening involves paying attention in order to respond to the speaker. Taking notes and speed reading are not communication techniques. Making comments might encourage a speaker if the comments are appropriate. However, some comments may discourage a speaker.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 18-21, 36-37]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
5. D
Acknowledge directions verbally or nonverbally. When Justin gives his sister a puzzled look so she knows he didn't understand her directions clearly, he is acknowledging her nonverbally. It's important to let the speaker know you hear and understand what s/he is saying by nodding your head or saying you understand. If you don't understand the directions, use your nonverbal signals to alert the person so s/he can clarify things for you. These signals include raising your hand, shaking your head, or even looking at the speaker with a puzzled look. In this situation, Justin is not taking notes, accepting responsibility, or eliminating distractions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says...(Following Directions)
6. D
What type of training do you provide for this position? Relevant questions are types of questions that pertain to the issue at hand. If an applicant is interviewing for a job, the applicant would ask the interviewer questions about the company, job responsibilities, job training, professional development, etc. It would be inappropriate to ask the interviewer about his/her salary, nearby restaurants, and sales-department shortfalls—these questions are irrelevant to the issue at hand.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-212]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
7. A
Providing an appropriate answer. Businesses receive inquiries on a regular basis. The inquiries might come from customers, suppliers, or business associates. The purpose of an inquiry usually is to ask a question. Therefore, when providing responses to inquiries, it is usually best to begin by providing an appropriate answer. Many inquiries are routine questions, therefore, it usually is not necessary to be sympathetic. Making assumptions and providing a standard response may not answer the questions asked.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Strathman Associates, Inc. (2001b2008). Answering questions effectively. Retrieved November 4, 2015, from https://www.strathman.com/pdf/answering.pdf?PHPSESSID=9919563b95bac3b145a0e3406c213923.
8. C
To effectively convey information. Certain communication styles are more appropriate for some audiences than for others. It is important to understand the target audience in order to use the style that will most effectively convey information. For example, the communication style that is effective when speaking to coworkers on the same level is probably not the same style that will be effective when speaking to a group of managers or customers. Feedback is a response to a certain behavior or attitude. Organizing presentations involves gathering information and developing visuals. It is not important to use communication styles to establish control.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success: Annotated instructor's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 87-93]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
9. C
Ask the caller if s/he would like to leave a message. If a caller wants to speak to a specific employee who is unavailable, it is most courteous to ask if you can take a message or ask the caller if s/he would like to leave a voicemail message. There isn't enough information to determine if the caller wants to place an order or if you are in the position to help the caller. If Rhonda is in a meeting or out of the building, putting the caller on hold until you track her down or asking him/her to call back in a few minutes are not viable options. Additionally, placing a caller on hold for a long time and telling her/him to call later are rude responses.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 455]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
10. C
Summarize what's been discussed in the conversation. At the end of the group's discussion—or even at quiet moments along the way—it's helpful to summarize what's been discussed so far. Jolie shouldn't immediately close off an idea that's out of the ordinary—even if she thinks an idea is bad or unrealistic, it's important to listen to it. It's also important to avoid judging other group members' suggestions when asking questions. If there's a silent time when no one wants to speak, Jolie should be a leader and take the reins. She should not be intimidated by a quiet moment.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents (Participate in Group Discussions)
11. B
Mind-mapping programs. Mind-mapping computer programs help individuals organize a lot of information in a meaningful way. Some websites, such as Bubbl.us and Mindmeister, provide mind-mapping programs free of charge. After mapping out the information in a logical order, the writer can then prepare the report in a clear, understandable way. Index cards are manual tools for organizing information. Statistical applications record numerical data. Online survey services (e.g., SurveyMonkey.com) allow users to prepare, distribute, and analyze online questionnaires.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: NovaMind. (2015). Mind Mapping Software. Retrieved November 4, 2015, from http://www.novamind.com/
12. C
Misunderstood. Clearly written communications can prevent problems that may be caused by poor listening or speaking skills. The written message can also be checked for clarity and accuracy before it is delivered. Both writing and speech can be friendly or businesslike in tone.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 450b453]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
13. D
Appendix. Supplemental information for long or complex reports is presented in an appendix, which is a separate section placed at the end of a report. The information in the appendix might contain graphs, text, or a combination of both elements. A bibliography is a component of a report that summarizes the information sources that the writer used to prepare the report. An executive summary is an overview of the entire report. The table of contents is the portion of a long report in which the sections are listed with their page numbers.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 475-477]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Initialisms. An initialism is an abbreviation for a word—a modern form of shorthand that is commonly used when writing informal messages, such as email and text messages. Some businesses and industries use initialisms as part of their organizational culture. Examples of initialisms include FYI (for your information) and LOL (laugh out loud). Because many people do not use or understand initialisms, it is best not to use them when writing professional emails. A conjunction is a word that connects two words or phrases (e.g., and, or, but). A modifier is an adjective or adverb. An antonym is a word that means the opposite of another word (e.g., hot, cold).
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Hiskey, D. (2012, May 24). The difference between an acronym and an initialism. Retrieved November 4, 2015, from http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2012/05/the-difference-between-an-acronym-and-an-initialism/
15. A
To sell products. One reason why businesses write informational messages is to sell products to customers. Businesses often develop sales letters that explain their goods and services and send these letters to prospective or current customers. The sales letters include important information about the business and its products and are intended to encourage customers to buy. Letters and memos are types of informational messages. Businesses identify customers before sending them informational messages.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 468-470]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
16. D
The business believes the employee is stealing goods. Information of a private nature should be delivered in person, particularly if the information is of a negative and/or embarrassing nature. In this situation, the staff member should also have a chance to deny the accusation if untrue. Information about a manager's vacation, flextime, or enlarging the department could be openly communicated to the staff.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 453-454]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
17. C
Provide a meeting agenda to review. An agenda is a list of topics that will be discussed in a meeting. By having an agenda before the meeting takes place, employees can gather information and prepare notes for the discussion. Unless the department's financial status is the reason for the meeting, participants are unlikely to need a copy of the department budget. It is seldom appropriate to limit each participant's speaking opportunities.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
It is better to over-deliver. It is better to under-promise and over-deliver than it is to break a promise. Keeping promises is very important for positive customer relations. Customers always remember broken promises. It's OK to make promises to customers, but businesses must be sure they can keep the promises they make.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. D
Ask a coworker or supervisor. If employees do not know the answers to customers' questions, they should try to find another employee who does. This person may be a coworker, supervisor, or an individual who works in another department. If the customer needs detailed information that only a coworker or supervisor can provide, then the employee should explain this to the customer in a courteous manner. Telling a customer to call the department supervisor, directing the customer to the company's website, and trying to answer the question without the appropriate knowledge are not actions that provide good customer service or satisfy the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 588-589]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
20. B
Sales and profits. Business policies are developed not only to meet the wants and needs of customers, but to make a fair profit for the company. Business policies are not directed toward increasing inventory levels, employee morale, or company benefits.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2015). Importance of policies and procedures. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://everydaylife.globalpost.com/importance-policies-procedures-11298.html
21. A
Sincere complaint. A sincere complaint is the customer's way of saying that something is wrong with a good or service s/he purchased. A complaint should not be viewed as a personal attack on the salesperson. Customers are entitled to express complaints since they cannot return items without stating their reasons. Clients can respond to a good/service in positive as well as negative ways a complaint is a negative response.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
22. A
Touch point. When a customer sees a news story on television about a certain company or brand, it's an example of a touch point. A touch point is any interaction between a company and its customers or potential customers. This news story is a form of publicity—it's not a brand promise, an advertisement (which would be paid for by the company), or a slogan (advertising catchphrase).
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: CR LAP 6—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
23. A
Extra day of vacation for riding a bike to work instead of driving. Biking reduces car pollution. When others see the company's employees riding their bikes, it reinforces the company's image as environmentally friendly. The company is encouraging this behavior by offering a reward. A bonus of $500 for finishing a project early may be important to employees and effective in motivating them to work efficiently, but it is not seen by others outside the organization so it doesn't reinforce the company's image. In addition, finishing early is not an activity that is perceived as environmentally friendly. Although recycling does reinforce the "green" image, there are two problems with this response. First, those outside the company aren't likely to see employees recycling, so it won't boost the company's image. Second, airplanes pollute the environment, so the award is not in keeping with the company's green image. The luncheon may motivate employees to turn in reports in a timely manner, but nothing about this incentive or reward reinforces the company's environmentally friendly image.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Inc.com. (n.d.). Employee reward and recognition systems. Retrieved November 4, 2015, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/employee-reward-and-recognition-systems.html
24. B
Training. There are a number of reasons that human resources might be limited even though the population of the world continues to grow steadily. One reason is a lack of training that prevents potential workers from filling certain jobs. Although jobs are available, there may be a shortage of trained workers to fill them. A lack of equipment, technology, and research often prevent countries from tapping their natural resources even if there are unlimited human resources to do the work.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. D
Economic. An economic want is something which you desire that has a monetary value. A car wash would have a monetary value attached to it. A noneconomic want is a desire for something that has no monetary value. Wants are unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough resources to satisfy all of their wants. A tangible want is the desire for something that is a physical object.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. D
Satisfies personal needs and wants. When a product has utility, it is useful. Products cannot have utility for individual consumers unless they are able to satisfy the individual's personal needs and wants. The length of time required to obtain the product or its current popularity are not factors that affect the product's utility to the individual.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
27. C
They operate from a variety of business premises. Wholesale trade businesses are operated in a variety of types of business premises. These include distribution centers, warehouses, trucks, and offices. Traditionally, wholesale trade businesses do not sell to ultimate consumers.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society)
28. A
Market. The United States has a market economy, a system in which the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. An economic system in which government owns the basic means of production, but there is private ownership of businesses as well, is a socialist command system. Examples of countries with this type of system are Great Britain and Sweden. A communist command system is one in which the government is in control of the economic system, and there is no private ownership of the means of production and distribution. Cuba and North Korea are examples of countries with communist command systems. A traditional economic system is one in which people produce only what they must have to exist, and all economic decisions are based on habit and tradition.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
29. A
Individuals make economic choices. For example, individuals may choose what they wish to purchase, where they want to work, and what they will do with their private property. The United States is an example of private enterprise, and many people in the United States live at or below the poverty level. Prices are determined by the interaction of supply and demand, and the government rarely sets prices. Competition, a rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars, is encouraged in a private enterprise system.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
30. C
Expenses. A business's expenses include the cost of merchandise purchased for resale and operating expenses—the costs of running the business. Income, the opposite of expense, is the monies that businesses take in from the sale of their goods and/or services, from investments, and from other sources. Profit occurs when income is greater than expenses. A loss occurs if expenses are greater than income.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
31. A
Traditional. A traditional economy is a system in which people produce only what they must have in order to exist. As a result, there is very little opportunity for businesses to develop and grow because the people do not have additional income to spend on consumer goods. Many undeveloped countries have traditional economies. However, some businesses are attempting to enter this market structure. For example, the tourism industry is expanding into undeveloped countries which may lead to those countries having a different type of market structure in the future. It is not difficult for businesses to develop and grow in capitalist, mixed, or socialist market structures.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. C
Knowing and understanding what your own needs are. This one basic characteristic involves recognizing your own self-worth no matter what mistakes you have made. Saying "no" to things you really do not want to do, doing something that makes you feel good, and caring about yourself and your personal life are all ways to raise your self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Smith, S. R. & Harte, V. (2015). 10 characteristics of people with high self-esteem. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.dummies.com/howbto/content/10-characteristics-of-people-with-high-selfesteem.html
33. A
Gender. A stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. When people stereotype others, they tend to classify certain people as part of a group that possesses certain characteristics. These characteristics are often based on distorted beliefs or unproven information. When people stereotype others, they fail to see an individual who possesses unique skills, values, and attitudes. People stereotype others in a variety of ways, one of which is by gender. Camilla's assumption that women are more efficient and more detail-oriented than men is a distorted belief. In fact, many men in the workplace are very efficient and detail-oriented. A stereotype by age might hold the false belief that most senior citizens are set in their ways or that they don't keep up with technological changes. An assumption about a person's customs, habits, or traditions is a stereotype based on culture. An assumption about a person that is based on his/her level of education is also a form of stereotyping. For example, assuming a person is not smart because s/he did not attend college is an educational stereotype and is a belief that simply isn't true.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 561]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
34. B
Capitalize on their strengths.'Employees should seek positions that capitalize on their strengths and minimize their weaknesses. This makes them more efficient, satisfied, and successful, and makes their employers and coworkers happy as well. Employees should never minimize their strengths or experience.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. B
Realizing that mistakes are a part of personal growth. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Individuals with self-confidence are willing to accept, admit, and learn from their mistakes, and they are not afraid to take positive risks. Other characteristics of self-confident people are that they respect others' rights to differing opinions, and can assertively communicate their beliefs, regardless of what others think.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Grohol, J. (2011, October 25). 6 tips to improve your self-esteem. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2011/10/30/6-tips-to-improve-your-self-esteem/
36. D
Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility. Increased job responsibility is just one benefit of demonstrating initiative. If you possess initiative, you are ready, willing, and able to both think and act on your own. You do not have to be prodded or urged to do so. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations, especially in the field of business. To be viewed as a person with initiative, your willingness to think and act on your own should be reflected in all areas of your life.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. C
The business loses money because time is wasted. The business is actually paying double for work when it must be done twice. While most businesses expect this to happen occasionally, they would go broke if it happened all the time. Employees may benefit from their mistakes, but that is not a benefit to the business or an appropriate method of training. It is no easier to evaluate irresponsible employees than responsible ones.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. D
Behavior. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. People with integrity follow their ethical or moral principles in order to do what is right. Integrity cannot be evaluated on the basis of appearance, education, or occupation.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Scott, S. (2015). Examples of integrity in the workplace. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-integrity-workplace-10906.html
39. A
Defeatist. Defeatists have very low opinions of, and lack confidence in, themselves and others. This general dissatisfaction tends to make them feel very frustrated and alienated. Consequently, they often behave in a rather hostile and immature manner. People who believe they are better than everyone else have a superior attitude. People with a positive attitude focus on the good side of things.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. D
External feedback. External feedback is feedback that comes from sources outside yourself. These sources may include friends, classmates, family, teachers, employees, coworkers, or the results of tests and other forms of evaluation. A character reference is a personal statement of recommendation about a job applicant. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Sympathy is a feeling of compassion for the problems of others.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. A
Highway speed limits. Governmental changes refer to new or revised laws, regulations, policies, public services, and leadership. Changes in highway speed limits are governmental changes. Changes in the use of automation are technological changes. Changes in the price of goods are economic changes. Changes in a person's occupation are personal changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens! (Adaptability)
42. C
Increased cooperation. Cooperation among workers creates a pleasant work atmosphere, and it is one of the benefits of empathy in the workplace. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place, and it fosters harmonious relations and reduces friction. It does not necessarily create an impressive image.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
43. B
Offering a solution. There are times when you will need to refuse a request. When that happens, sympathize and try to relate. Offering a solution is one way of being assertive while refusing a request. You might say, "I'd like to help, and I will next week when I have more time." Suggesting a solution often results in a "win-win" situation for both parties. Telling a story might be a way to sympathize, but it is not necessarily assertive. There's no need to say you're sorry for not being able to do something. If the person will not take "no" for an answer, it may be necessary to take a stand and be firm.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
44. C
Contingency. A contingency plan is an alternate course of action. Keegan is being adaptable because he's willing to consider doing something in a different way. Objective, corrective, and learning are not terms that are commonly used to describe a plan for an alternate course of action.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
45. C
Themselves. Achievement-oriented people rely on themselves to set the standards for their work. They don't allow others to set the standards for them.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
46. A
Showing them how to do something. Actions speak louder than words. When leading change, showing coworkers how do to something will be more effective than writing a memo, sending an email, or telling them how to do it.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
47. A
Being a good listener. By being aware of what's going on in the industry, Matthias is being a good listener. He's keeping his ears and eyes open for issues and trends that may affect the team vision. In this situation, Matthias is not demonstrating enthusiasm, flexibility, or being an example.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
48. A
Track progress. It's important for the coach and coachee to meet regularly and work together to track progress. At this point, the coach can use his/her feedback-giving skills. Listening, asking questions, and identifying the problem are earlier steps in the coaching process.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
49. C
Cultures. The cultures of ethnic groups from all parts of the world are the customs, habits, and traditions that have been developed over time. Many people whose ancestors are from other countries retain their cultures and celebrate different holidays. The United States has one government that is a democracy which includes many different courts but these were established to carry out different kinds of legal functions, not because U.S. citizens are from all over the world. Sanctions are trade restrictions placed by one country against another country that is violating international law.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
50. B
Know how to disagree tactfully. Positive people are pleasant to be around because they smile a lot and have an upbeat attitude. They also know how to disagree with other people without getting into an argument. Their other characteristics include being open-minded, having an objective point of view, and being dependable. The fact that they may come in contact with many people is not an essential factor.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 37—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. B
Dividends. Unearned income is money obtained from non-employment related sources. Dividends are sums of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment and are one way of obtaining unearned income. Other examples of unearned income are financial gifts such as a trust fund or inheritance. Wages are money payments for labor on an hourly, daily, or weekly basis. A commission is a percentage of the total sale amount paid to the individual or business that makes the sale. Fees are charges that customers pay for services that businesses offer. Fees are earned income for businesses and expenses for their customers.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Tatum, M. & Harris, B. (2015, November 3). What is unearned income? Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-unearned-income.htm
52. A
Revolving. A revolving credit account is a type of credit account which limits the total amount of money that may be borrowed and charges interest on outstanding balances. An installment credit account is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. A regular credit account is a credit account which allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, which is usually 30 days. This is also called an open account. A budget account is a form of short-term credit, usually set up for 60b or 90bday periods of time with a payment due every 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
53. C
To meet future financial needs. There are many types of life insurance available to meet an individual's future financial needs. Some types of life insurance have cash value and can be redeemed at the end of the payment period. Other types are intended to make a lump sum payment to beneficiaries upon an individual's death. Many people decide what their financial needs or goals are in the future, and then invest in the types of life insurance policies that will meet those needs. Disability insurance, rather than life insurance, provides income to those who become disabled. Certain types of health insurance will pay for private health care. Individuals name their beneficiaries when purchasing life insurance policies, but that is not why they invest in those policies.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 285). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
54. D
Are less likely to become discouraged. Attainable goals are realistic and within reach, so one advantage to setting attainable goals is that you are less likely to become discouraged. Attainable goals will not make you work harder to achieve a very high goal—very high goals do not fit the definition of attainable. Being able to picture a goal in your mind is the result of setting a specific goal, not necessarily an attainable one. Being able to measure your progress is the result of setting a measurable goal, also not necessarily an attainable one.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
55. C
Local fire departments and local law-enforcement agencies. Local governments levy property taxes on land, commercial facilities, and residences within their jurisdictions. Revenues collected from property taxes pay for local services including local road repairs, public schools, fire departments, and law enforcement. The federal government uses the tax revenues that it collects in a variety of ways (e.g., income tax) to fund national security programs and federal correctional facilities. State/Provincial governments collect taxes (e.g., sales tax) to support all levels of education and social welfare initiatives within their jurisdictions.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Rosen, E. (2013, October 8). Property tax basics. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.irs.com/articles/property-tax-basics
56. D
Subtract all applicable fees from. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank statement that details your checking-account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter transactions in your check register, you may overdraft your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When reconciling your check register, you want to make sure that you have subtracted all fees including debit card transactions and ATM withdrawals. You should add the interest earned if your account is set up to earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 159-160]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
57. A
Obtain a bank loan. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses can purchase now and pay later. A credit agency is a business that maintains files of credit information on individuals and businesses. It is important to make sure that credit agencies have accurate information about your credit history because other businesses purchase the reports to make decisions about extending credit or providing a loan to you. Your credit history does not necessarily affect your ability to pay your bills, your ability to declare bankruptcy, or your ability to sell assets.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. (2015). What your credit report says about you. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from https://www.philadelphiafed.org/consumer-resources/publications/what-your-credit-report-says
58. A
Phishing. Phishing occurs when a scammer sends out an email pretending to be a legitimate company, such as a credit card company, in order to gain personal information. The phisher typically sends readers to a fake website that asks them to enter personal information, which can include credit card numbers, social security numbers, bank account numbers, etc. It's a good idea to be especially suspicious of any requests for personal information you receive online. Avoid giving out personal information unless you contact the company yourself. Skimming occurs when a thief runs a credit card through a "skimmer" to steal personal information. Hacking involves a person gaining access to a computer system to steal information. Baiting is not a term commonly used to describe phishing.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Webopedia. (2015). Phishing. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://webopedia.com/TERM/P/phishing.html
59. C
Attorneys. Certain types of financial services often require the assistance of attorneys. For example, most people hire attorneys to help them prepare their wills to make sure that their assets are distributed properly. Also, some people set up guardianships to manage assets for minor children. Attorneys usually provide these types of financial services because wills and guardianship papers are legal documents. To protect the assets, it is important that these documents be prepared correctly. Executors are the individuals who carry out the terms of the will. Wills and guardianship papers often are filed with the appropriate court. Beneficiaries are the heirs.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Tatum, M. (2015, October 26). What does an attorney do? Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-does-an-attorney-do.htm
60. A
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
61. D
Timely. For financial information to be useful, it must be relevant (applicable to its users' purposes), and to be relevant, it must also be timely (up to date). Financial information does not necessarily need to be certified by an auditor, presented digitally, or perfect to be considered relevant.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
62. D
To know whether they have made a good investment. Individuals who have invested their money in a business are its stockholders, and they are interested in the profits shown on the firm's accounting reports. This information tells them whether they have made a good investment or should change their investment to another company. Stockholders usually receive dividends from the business. Accounting reports do not show planned changes or employee benefits.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
63. A
Working capital management. A company's current balance of assets and liabilities falls under the focus of working capital management. Working capital management involves short-term decisions about cash flow. Return on capital is a component of working capital management that refers to how well a business is generating cash flow in relation to its invested capital. Capital investment decisions are made for the longbterm and do not relate to current assets and liabilities. The cash conversion cycle is a component of working capital management that refers to how long a business's money is tied up between purchasing raw materials and receiving cash from sales.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
64. B
Recruiting qualified workers. Staffing is a human resources management activity that involves recruiting, interviewing, hiring, orienting, and dealing with job changes for a company's employees. Recruiting is a staffing activity that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees. The human resources function often visits college campuses, sponsors job fairs, and places classified ads in newspapers and on websites to find qualified workers. Other human resources activities include training employees, ensuring compliance, and negotiating compensation and benefit packages.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
65. B
Making buying convenient. Marketers constantly try to make buying as easy as possible for customers in order to attract more business. Businesses that provide special services make buying more convenient for customers, which often increases sales. The other alternatives are different ways in which marketing benefits consumers.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
66. A
Politicians are unethical and should not be trusted. When analyzing information, it is important to separate opinion from fact. Facts contain true data or information. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. A person may believe that all politicians are unethical and untrustworthy, but not all people believe this statement, nor can the statement be proven. The alternative statements are facts.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Differentiate between fact and opinion. (2007). Cells and Heredity. Evanston, IL: McDougal Littell. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.apelslice.com/books/9780618843175NIMAS/HTMLOUT/HTML/c_id4632222.html
67. B
Accessing an Internet search engine. A quick, cost-efficient way to obtain current information is by accessing an Internet search engine. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and then displays results. Developing a survey does not obtain the desired information unless it is sent out, completed, tabulated, and analyzed. Archived journals can be found in libraries or by accessing online sources, but may not contain current information. Setting up interviews with experts might take time, so this option is not efficient and could be more costly for the hospitality business.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (2015). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=136861
68. C
By cause/effect. Identifying the causes and/or the effects of the highway bypass will be helpful in persuading management to make a decision about its course of action. Cause tells management why the bypass happened, while effect presents the results of the bypass. Chronological order would provide management with information according to the sequence in which the bypass occurred. An alternating organization pattern would stress the points you want to make about a comparison you are making. Emphatic order would present your ideas in their order of importance, either the strongest point being given first or last.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (1993-2015). Cause/effect. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://writing.colostate.edu/guides/processes/organize/pop4a.cfm
69. B
Online storage companies may have problems or go out of business. Although online storage is usually safe, there is always the chance that the company you're relying on may have problems or go out of business. Files are not difficult to access when you use online storage—they are usually very easy to access. Online storage has pros and cons, but it is not more dangerous than keeping physical copies at your office. In fact, online storage can save your files if there is a fire or vandalism at your office. Online storage is typically affordable.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Matthews, L. (2013, April 8). The pros and cons of online storage. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://blog.hindsiteinteractive.com/blog?post=26/The-Pros-and-Cons-of-Online-Storage/
70. C
Storing data. Information management involves gathering, sorting, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decisions. Businesses use different types of internal and external information to make decisions, such as sales history, customer profiles, and financial data. In order to obtain the information when the business wants it, the business needs a place to store the information. Today, most businesses store this information on computers. Although the business may store advertising, employee, and credit information on its computer, these are not primary functions of information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 497b498]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
71. B
Draft. Saving a message as a draft allows the sender to save the message, change or add text, and send the message at a more convenient time. The reply function allows a message recipient to respond to a sender's message. Flagging an email reminds the message recipient to follow-up with the message at a later time. A postscript is a short message added to a letter after the letter has been signed. Senders sometimes add postscripts to their email messages, too.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Email Center Pro. (n.d.). Draft email. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.emailcenterpro.com/help/index_Left.htm#CSHID=email%2Fdraft_email.htm|StartTopic=content%2Femail%2Fdraft_email.htm|SkinName=default
72. B
Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator. An address on the World Wide Web is known as a Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator (URL). A URL includes the name of the server where the website's files are stored, the file's directory path, and its file name. An example of a URL is http://www.mbaresearch.org. A File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a way of transferring data from one computer to another over the Internet. An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a commercial company selling Internet access. A Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) is a standard format for image files on the World Wide Web.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Haag, S., & Cummings, M. (2008). Management information systems for the information age (7th ed.) [p. 93]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
73. D
Word processing. Most word-processing software programs contain a thesaurus, which is a listing of words and their synonyms. This feature enables users to look up alternative words that have the same meaning. The thesaurus helps business employees to prepare accurate written documents and use words that exactly describe or explain the message. Communications programs allow computers to communicate with other computers. Graphics and design software is used to create artwork and drawings rather than text. Presentation software is used to create multimedia presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. D
The same criteria. The query is the mechanism used to obtain the desired information from the database. The desired information involves pulling records that have the same or matching criteria. For example, a business that wants to obtain its customers' credit transactions from the state of Wisconsin for July 1, 2009 would set the query using the appropriate values for the credit, state, and date fields to pull all of the records with the desired information. Some of the other information in various database fields may differ or be dissimilar, such as the name and address of each customer. A query pulls specified information rather than random statistics.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2015). What is a database? Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
75. D
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Because accounts payable, accounts receivable, and general ledger applications are related or interdependent accounting activities, the company should purchase an integrated accounting software package. Marketing intelligence involves obtaining and analyzing information about the target market. Engineers use engineering design software to develop various products and structures. Customer identification and preferences are often elements of customerb relationship management integrated software.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Choon Kow, K. (2008, May 22). Integrated accounting software with SOURCE: code. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Integrated-Accounting-Software-With-Source-Code&id=1194327
76. C
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given time period. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access the same business information. Some applications, such as email, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. Quick responses can increase an employee's productivity because the employee can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Collaborative computer software does not necessarily increase an employee's independence or motivation because other factors (e.g., type of job) can affect a person's independence and motivation. The business, rather than its employees, receives the profit that might result from increases in the employees' productivity.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Woodard, R. (2011, March 14). Benefits of groupware for collaborative teams. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.brighthub.com/office/collaboration/articles/110152.aspx
77. B
Operations. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for the company to function. Because planning a production schedule involves making sure that resources (e.g., workers, equipment, raw materials) are available to produce the company's goods and/or services, Mr. Mason is performing operations activities. Without these resources, the business cannot function. Sales tasks are types of marketing activities. Maintenance activities involve the upkeep of facilities and equipment. Services are intangible products.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Operating)activities. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/operating-activities.asp
78. D
Whistleblowing. A whistleblower is a person who reveals any wrongdoings or malpractices that are taking place within an organization. Jane attempted to resolve a potential problem internally with her manager, but needed to go outside her organization to get the problem resolved. Countries, such as the U.S. and Canada, have whistleblower laws that protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Attempting to ensure the safety of others is not being a tattle tale—it is being a responsible adult. Because it can be interpreted by some people as tattling, whistleblower laws may be used to protect the person who reports noncompliance. Jane is attempting to prevent an accidents one has not occurred yet. Security procedures are set in place by a company's management. The company may decide to establish new security procedures as a result of Jane reporting the noncompliance.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Bainbridge, R. (2007, January 8). Whistleblower definition. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Whistleblower-Definition&id=410263
79. D
Assigning each employee a unique password to access the computer system. Advertising agencies store many types of confidential information on their computers, including client information and personnel data. By assigning each employee a unique password that s/he must enter to gain access to the advertising agency's computer system, it becomes more difficult for hackers or unauthorized people to retrieve important information. The agency should advise employees that they should not share their password with others. An advertising agency should back up the computer system more than twice a year. Frequent back-ups keep information current and are helpful when computer systems crash and data is lost. Tracking employee Internet usage does not protect or secure data. Hiring a consultant to monitor information does not necessarily ensure the security of the information.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Hanson, W., & Kalyanam, K. (2007). Internet marketing & e-commerce (pp. 132b135). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
80. B
Wearing inappropriate clothing. Wearing clothing that is not appropriate for the work you do can create a safety hazard. Some jobs require workers to wear gloves, hard hats, or clothing that will not get caught in machinery. Failing to follow these guidelines may result in injury to the worker. Talking to coworkers on a break relaxes workers and may improve their attention to safety. Driving a company vehicle is not hazardous unless it is done in an unsafe manner. Standing close to a load that must be lifted prevents strain on the back.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Workers' Compensation Board of British Columbia. (2012). The Hazards of Loose Clothing, Gloves, Long Hair, and Jewellery. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www2.worksafebc.com/i/posters/2012/MS_12_01.html
81. B
False, employees can be trained in accident prevention. While it is true that machines can't be prevented from malfunctioning and employees are always going to make mistakes, workers can be trained to use safe work habits, to report hazards and unsafe conditions, and to be ready to handle accidents that do occur.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
82. D
Fraud. Fraud is deceiving or cheating an individual or business out of money or property. An example of employee fraud prevention is not allowing employees to bring personal belongings into work areas. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Shoplifting is the theft of goods by customers. Burglary is any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B.A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 484-485]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. B
The last employee to leave a business facility after business hours fails to set the security alarm. To protect their personal well-being, the well-being of coworkers and customers, and the business's property, employees need to follow their employers' security procedures. If the employee is the last person to leave the business facility, s/he needs to ensure that the doors are locked and the security alarm is set. If the security alarm is not set, it increases the risk of theft because it makes it easier for a thief to break into the building to steal money, inventory, or equipment. Installing electronic locks and security windows, updating antivirus software, and shredding unneeded documents are activities that reduce the risk of security breaches.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing)dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 686b687]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co
84. A
Keeping their prices down. Purchased items, such as supplies, services, or raw materials, add to the final cost of a manufactured product. Purchasing can help to keep prices down by keeping costs down. Purchasing is not responsible for product promotion. Limiting shipment of goods would cause customer complaints. Maximizing inventory investment would increase expenses and make the company less competitive.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
85. C
Ordering costs. Ordering costs are the expenses that retailers incur to buy merchandise. The price they pay for the items, shipping charges, taxes, personnel salaries, and some operational expenses (e.g., telephone charges) might be considered when determining the ordering costs. Ordering costs are often compared to the cost of warehousing the product for a certain period of time. When warehousing costs are less than ordering costs, retailers generally reorder more products on a less frequent basis. The selling price is the price that the end user pays for an item. Fixed expenses refers to the payables that remain the same for a set period of time. Insurance and rent are examples of a business's fixed expenses. Interest is defined as the money payments for the use of borrowed money. The interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges for a loan.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 423b424]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
86. D
Production. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. For example, a company uses raw materials, equipment, employees, and a building to produce radios for purchase by other businesses for use or for resale. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
87. A
Job performance. First impressions are extremely important in the job interview because interviewers must size you up quickly. Expect the interviewer to examine your personal appearance carefully and to interpret it as an indicator of your attitude and potential. None of the other alternatives can be accurately gauged from personal appearance.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
88. C
Paradigm. Paradigm innovation occurs when there is a significant change in thinking. Positioning innovation occurs when the purpose of a product is changed. Process innovation focuses on how something is done. Product innovation occurs when a business either creates or improves a product.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
89. C
Affect others significantly. Depending on the situation, you might want to obtain input from others before you make a decision. When a decision affects others in a significant way, such as changing work responsibilities of department members, it is important to get as much input as needed to make a sound decision. Generally, routine decisions involve determining what to have for breakfast or what shirt to wear—these types of decisions require little input, if any, from others. All types of decisions—routine, limited, and extensive—may or may not require logical thinking. Decisions that require limited consideration usually require a moderate amount of input from others. For example, if an employee is deciding which of three layouts to use in a magazine ad, s/he might ask one or two qualified coworkers for their opinions.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
90. C
Is this situation worthy of my time and attention? Part of defining the problem involves asking yourself, “Is this situation worthy of my time and attention?” Your problem may not even be a problem, in which case you don't want to waste time on it. You should ask about the positive and negative consequences when selecting and implementing a solution. You should check your assumptions while problem-solving, but this isn't part of defining a problem. You should also figure out all of your possible solutions, but that occurs well after defining the problem.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 77—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
91. A
Friends. Obtaining feedback from others with whom you are closely associated will help you to get a more objective view of yourself than you can develop on your own. Other outside sources might include coworkers, supervisors, teachers, and counselors. Self-help books contain ideas for improvement but do not contain information about you as an individual. Personal knowledge and self-evaluation are internal sources of information about yourself.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 89). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
92. D
Visiting government websites. Governments often post information on their websites about employment and occupation trends. For example, the U.S. government posts the Occupational)Outlook)Handbook online, which provides information about employment trends in the United States. This information includes salary ranges, the number of workers currently working in a particular field, job responsibilities, employment outlook, etc. The Canadian government also posts employment trends in Canada (Job Futures). Old periodicals, retired workers, and salespeople would not have up-to-date information about a large number of industries, fields, and career options.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 36). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
93. C
Finance. A degree in finance provides an excellent foundation for a career in business. Other helpful courses of study include business, business administration, management, marketing, accounting, economics, and even communications. Literature, biology, and fine arts are degree courses best suited for careers other than business.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
94. B
Guidance office. Most schools have a guidance office that local businesses often contact when they are looking for workers. Students searching for jobs should check the listings that are posted in the guidance office. The guidance office also will have information about these job openings that will be helpful to students wishing to apply. The athletic department, computer lab, and auditorium usually do not maintain lists of available jobs although staff in those offices may know of jobs specific to their fields.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 75). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
95. A
Send a follow-up letter to the interviewer. This letter should go out within a day or two of the interview, and it should thank the interviewer for taking the time to talk with the applicant. Unless the applicant has been told to call back, it would be rude to call to ask who got the job. Generally, the business calls the applicant to make a job offer. Going over any mistakes that may have occurred or checking on other job openings are acceptable activities, but they would not be described as courteous.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4 ed) [pp. 71b72]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. A
Ask for an interview. One of the purposes of the closing paragraph in a letter of application is to ask for an interview. Applicants often restate their interest in the job and ask for an opportunity to discuss their qualifications at the interviewer's convenience. They may include their phone number and when they can be reached. References are not included in a letter of application, although they may be listed on a résumé. Applicants review their education and explain their qualifications in earlier paragraphs, rather than in the closing paragraph.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 79-81). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
97. B
Kelly volunteers at a local radio station. One way to obtain work experience is by volunteering. Volunteer work involves donating time without pay to complete tasks or projects. By volunteering at the radio station, Kelly can gain insight about a potential career interest, and she gains experience that might help her obtain a paying position in radio in the future. Hiring someone to cut the lawn or perform contract work involves payment. Researching careers might provide Sarah with insight, but this activity won't provide her with on-the-job experience.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 37). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
98. C
To be able to promote from within. Many businesses prefer to promote from within whenever possible and help current employees move up the career ladder. To do this, businesses often provide opportunities for their employees to continue their education or receive additional training. As a result, they have a pool of qualified employees to choose from when higher-level jobs become available. This benefits the employees because they can advance within the business. Businesses often provide financial assistance, such as tuition reimbursement, to help employees continue their education. However, that is not the reason for providing the additional training. Businesses do not provide educational opportunities to identify problems in the company or to support the local community college.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working(4th ed) [pp. 480-481]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
99. A
Ask their managers to clarify the policies. Employees need to follow their employers' rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. If an employee is unsure about a workplace rule or procedure, then the employee should ask his/her manager to clarify the business's policies. If the employee violates the company's rules of conduct, the employee may be reprimanded. Employees should verify the rules of conduct with their immediate manager or a human resources manager. Coworkers may not know about certain workplace policies, or they may communicate incorrect information. If an employee follows his/her own instincts, s/he may not be following the company's rules of conduct. Employees can simply ask their managers about workplace rules—it isn't necessary to conduct a formal investigation.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Lacey, H. (1999b2015). How to follow company policies. Retrieved November 5, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_6753376_follow-company-policies.html
100. A
Goals. Planning is deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Managers begin the planning process by determining the goals and objectives they want the business to achieve. Then, they select the appropriate resources that will be needed to reach these goals. The planning function of management does not involve determining the business's sales, profits, or wants.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1140
Business Administration Core Exam
1. A
"S" corporation. This form of business ownership limits personal liability and offers a lower rate of taxation. Profits go directly to stockholders who pay taxes as individuals. This avoids the problem of double taxation on corporate profits. Partnerships offer lower tax rates but do not offer limited liability. Open corporations and close corporations offer limited liability but do not offer lower tax rates.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. D
Table of contents. When trying to locate specific information from a lengthy document or a book, it often saves time to first look at the table of contents. The table of contents is the portion of the text in which the sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. For example, if Brandon wants to obtain information about industry trends, he can look at the table of contents, find the section that discusses trends, and turn to the designated page of the document to read the desired information. The bibliography contains the citations or sources used to construct the primary document. The appendices are the segments added to the end of the primary document that include supporting information. Some research reports contain an analysis of the document's contents or research. By looking at the table of contents, the reader can determine if the desired information is included in the appendices or analysis sections of the report.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 460, 473]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
3. A
Following company procedures. Policies are the general rules to be followed by company personnel. For example, a business owner may develop a policy that states the company will reimburse employees for certain business-related expenses. A procedure is the step-by-step process that personnel follow in performing a specific task. In the example, Luke was following certain steps to obtain reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses that he incurred obtaining and completing the appropriate form, attaching receipts, and submitting the documentation to his manager. In the example, Luke did not develop the policies, evaluate company feedback, or assess company guidelines.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Bizmanualz, Inc. (1999-2016). What's the difference between policies and procedures? Retrieved August 11, 2016, from https://www.bizmanualz.com/write-better-policies/whatsthe-difference-between-policies-and-procedures.html
4. B
Nodding, smiling, and writing down the idea. By nodding, smiling, and writing down Kevin's idea, Kevin's supervisor would indicate that he/she likes what Kevin said. The supervisor could also indicate his/her support of Kevin's idea by asking follow-up questions, maintaining eye contact with Kevin, and enthusiastically telling Kevin that he has provided a great idea. Sarcasm, frowning, crossing arms, and cutting off the speaker are rude and unsupportive actions.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. B
Eliminating distractions. When Ramona focuses all her attention on the teacher's directions instead of on the students whispering around her, she is eliminating distractions. Ideally, you should receive directions in an area free of activity or noise, but that's not always possible. So, whenever you receive directions, focus your attention on what the speaker is saying. This will make it easier for you to communicate and get the directions right. In this situation, Ramona is not acknowledging directions, reaching consensus, or recommending alternatives.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24 Simon Says...
6. D
Articulation. Articulation is speaking distinctly and clearly and pronouncing words precisely. Proper articulation is important in order to communicate exactly what you are trying to say to others. To have a good speaking voice, you should use proper articulation and avoid mumbling, slurring, or mispronouncing words. Grammar is the rules of language. Vocabulary is a list or collection of words. Documentation is the use of printed materials to substantiate facts.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Stapleton, S. (2012, November 19). Why being articulate is an essential business skill. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from https://www.simonstapleton.com/wordpress/2012/11/19/why-being-articulate-is-an-essentialbusiness-skill/
7. C
Facial expressions. Nonverbal cues are communication that involves the use of gestures or facial expressions, rather than the use of words. Facial expressions usually are the most important aspect of nonverbal cues or body language. For example, when people feel emotions such as happiness or anger, those emotions are expressed through smiles, frowns, and eye patterns. It is easy to see that someone is happy if s/he is smiling. Leg movements are a type of body language; however, they are not as effective a way to interpret nonverbal cues. Clothing style and office decor are nonverbal cues also, but they are not as easy to interpret as facial expressions.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. D
Thank you for your interest in XWQ products. Please let me know if you have any additional questions. The purpose of an inquiry is to obtain information. Because businesses receive inquiries from customers, vendors, and business associates on a regular basis, employees must be prepared to respond in an accurate, prompt, and courteous manner. When closing an email message, it is courteous to thank customers for asking about the business and its products. And, by encouraging the customer to ask additional questions, the employee is indicating his/her interest in the customer. There is not enough information in the example to determine if the customer placed an order, had a problem with an invoice, or requested product color information. The sentence, "Reply by email with the color that you want," could be interpreted as rude and unprofessional.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Oyedotun, A. (2012, June 23). How to answer emails professionally (with examples). Retrieved on August 11, 2016, from http://www.business2community.com/strategy/how-toanswer-emails-professionally-with-examples-0197518#8JspCUwpMYqskB59.97
9. D
Agree on ground rules. Once you know your group's purpose, you can (as a group) lay some simple ground rules for appropriate behavior during the discussion. Finding out what people know about the subject and contributing in a useful way occur later in the process. Volunteering a new idea is a discussion tool for contributing in an open-minded way.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put In Your Two Cents
10. B
Use abbreviations and symbols. Developing a system of and writing down abbreviations and symbols (i.e., shorthand) is much quicker than writing out long phrases and complete sentences. For example, to remember a very important point, Allison might place a star or asterisk by a key word, short phrase, or abbreviation. After the seminar, Allison can refer to her shorthand notes and write more comprehensive notes for future use. Writing on note cards, focusing on subtopics, and asking the speaker to provide handouts will not help Allison take accurate notes in real time.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Pearson Education. (2000-2014). Taking notes. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://www.factmonster.com/homework/studyskills2.html
11. A
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual (text-oriented) because their content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Open with a positive statement. An effective way to relay bad news in written form is to present good news, bad news, and then good news. This process would ease the blow of credit rejection and help to create goodwill. No apology is necessary since the business is following routine procedure and is not responsible for the customer's credit rating. The bad news is presented after a positive opening statement. The credit application is the subject of the letter and must be mentioned.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Writingcommons.org. (2016, April 12). Delivering a negative news message. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://writingcommons.org/open-text/genres/professional-businessand-technical-writing/business-writing-in-action/negative-news-crisis-communication/826delivering-a-negative-news-message
13. D
Refer to the appropriate publisher's style manual. To provide consistency throughout written documents, certain businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as Associated Press (AP) or Chicago Manual. Each style varies and often uses different styles and standards. For example, one style may italicize book titles and another style may underscore book titles. Most style publishers post style information on their websites, as well as in physical manuals or reference books. The best way to verify a specific style or format is to consult the publisher's manual or website. Coworkers, dictionaries, and readers are not the most reliable sources for publishing styles and standards.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. A-21]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Come right to the point. The opening paragraph of a business letter should explain the reason for writing and come right to the point. Effective business letters do not waste the reader's time by providing a lot of unnecessary information, but they immediately come to the point and capture the reader's attention. The letter does not need to be formal, but it should contain specific details and have personal appeal for the reader.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Xerox.com. (2016). Writing an effective business letter. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://www.office.xerox.com/small-business/tips/business-letter/enus.html
15. D
Request appointments. Salespeople write letters of request or inquiry for a variety of reasons. One reason is to schedule appointments with customers who are in a different city. When planning a business trip, salespeople often write letters to set up appointments with customers in order to make sure that the customers will be available. An advantage of writing letters is that the customers usually acknowledge the appointment with another letter. Then, both parties have a hard copy to remind them of the date and time of the appointment. Letters of inquiry ask for something rather than explain requirements, transmit information, or develop goodwill.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Sample-resignation-letters.com. (2016). Writing an appointment request letter to client. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://www.sample-resignation-letters.com/writing-anappointment-request-letter-to-client-with-sample.html
16. C
Face-to-face meeting. When a supervisor must address a sensitive, personal, or confidential issue (e.g., salary) with an employee, it is best to discuss the issue in a private, face-to-face meeting. Company newsletters, telephone conference calls, and staff memos are appropriate ways to communicate and share pertinent information with several people at one time.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Forbis, A. (n.d.). A few simple rules for dealing with difficult people at work. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://www.training.oa.mo.gov/solutionsarchive/Solutions4fall03.pdf
17. C
To develop ad campaigns for clients. Account executives often participate in meetings with clients and other advertising agency staff to develop ad campaigns for the clients. The purpose of the meeting is to identify the clients' advertising needs, discuss ways of satisfying those needs, and design a successful campaign. In many cases, there are problems to solve because the client may have a limited advertising budget or specific requirements for the campaign. Account executives usually do not schedule production facilities. Media buyers are responsible for placing ads. Copywriters write copy for promotional brochures. These activities often take place after the meeting phase in order to implement the ad campaign.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 46]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
Handling problems. Problems and complaints should not be avoided but looked at as opportunities to demonstrate a customer-service mindset. Most customers will tell others about problems they have with the business, but they will also tell how quickly and satisfactorily their problems or complaints were resolved. These customers will likely return to the business, in spite of previous problems, because they know employees will resolve whatever problems arise. Employees do not need to demonstrate a customer-service mindset when placing orders, contacting suppliers, and preparing schedules because customers are not involved in these situations.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CR LAP 4 Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
19. D
To provide service. Employees need to be able to communicate effectively with customers in order to provide them with the service they require. If customers have questions or concerns about the business, employees should be able to provide the answers or the appropriate information. For example, employees should be able to answer a customer's questions about the business's credit policies or handle a complaint about a product. Effective communication helps to provide service and to create a good impression of the business. Employees do not communicate information about the business to customers in order to promote teamwork, display integrity, or build morale.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2016). Effective communication in customer service. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/effective-communication-customer-service4806.html
20. B
Promotional. Businesses develop promotional policies to govern such activities as contests, coupons, prizes, and special events intended to attract customers and to increase sales. Product policies involve the kinds of products that businesses decide to offer for sale. Employee policies explain how employees are to act and how they are to deal with customers. Service policies involve special features, such as repairs and delivery, that businesses offer to encourage customers to choose the business rather than another.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Businessdictionary.com. (2016). Promotional policy. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/promotional-policy.html
21. D
Disagreeable. These customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude. If the domineering/superior customers are properly handled, they will usually convince or sell themselves. Although suspicious customers are hard to help and difficult to change, they can become your most loyal customers. The slow/methodical customer is easy to handle but requires a lot of time before making a buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 9 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. A
Listen to the customers to understand their concerns. The first thing an employee should do is to listen to the customer to try to determine the reason for the complaint. If employees fully understand their customers' complaints, they will be better able to solve the problem. Employees should express empathy, but they should not take customers' complaints as personal attacks against them. It is not always possible to give customers whatever they want to make them happy. In some situations, the business and the customer may need to compromise. Stating the business's policies before listening to the customers' complaints may frustrate the customers and make them angry.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
23. A
Henderson Photography...uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority. The brand promise is a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Henderson Photography tells you exactly what you can expect every time you purchase its services unique photos to capture special moments. Fred's Furniture is offering sale prices for a limited time. The business offering credit terms to qualified customers has also placed time restrictions on its offer and has limited the offer to some rather than all customers. Rather than a brand promise, the businesses are using promotion. Cup O' Joe's is communicating the convenience of having four locations.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Hinge. (2016, January 4). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://hingemarketing.com/library/article/elements_of_a_successful_brand_4_brand_promise /?pivot/archive/2007-06/index.html
24. C
Assembly line worker. A manufacturing plant, a warehouse, and production equipment are all capital resources. These are assets used to produce a good or service. An assembly line worker is not a capital resource. Instead, s/he is a human reSOURCE: a person who works to produce a good.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. C
Making economic decisions. Economics is the process of deciding how to obtain the greatest satisfaction with limited incomes, land, property, and natural resources. Foreign trade, production, and financing the national debt are activities that require ongoing economic evaluation and decision making.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. D
Inelastic. Inelastic demand exists if the demand for a good or service is constant, even if the product's price changes. Some products are considered necessities that consumers must purchase regardless of their cost. For most consumers, gasoline is a necessity because they need to drive their cars. Elastic demand changes when prices change. Discretionary and inessential are not terms commonly used to describe demand.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. B
Buy less of the product. Likewise, if customers feel that the price is relatively low, they will buy more. Customers affect prices of products through the use of their economic votes by deciding to buy or not to buy. Most retail prices are not negotiable or of interest to the Better Business Bureau, which tries to protect consumers from fraud. Many customers will complain about prices, but few would take the time to make a formal, written complaint.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
28. A
Purchasing. Molly works in purchasing, the part of operations that ensures the business will have the goods and services needed to keep production going and business running smoothly. Financial analysis refers to obtaining necessary funds and keeping accurate and complete financial records. Marketing involves everything related to fulfilling customers' product needs. Human resources management involves all the tasks and issues related to keeping the business staffed.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
29. A
Receive higher salaries. In a private enterprise system, an unequal distribution of income exists because workers with high levels of education, training, skills, and efficiency generally receive higher salaries than less qualified workers. Some people own a great deal of property while others own little or none because they do not have the money to buy it. Skilled workers may also pay higher taxes, belong to a union, or work longer hours, but those factors do not affect the distribution of property and income.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
30. B
Increasing sales and decreasing expenses. Increasing sales and decreasing expenses are two activities likely to increase a firm's profit. Supplies are materials needed to produce a product not an activity for increasing profit. Production is the process of producing the product. Increasing production may help to increase profit, but only if sales of the product increase.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
31. D
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. B
Social awareness. Social awareness, self-awareness, self-management, and relationship management are the four primary areas of emotional intelligence. The aspect of emotional intelligence in which you know and understand the emotions of others is called social awareness. Being socially aware involves the ability to "step into another person's shoes" (expressing empathy) and being willing to help or serve others. It also involves the ability to see the bigger picture, which is organizational awareness. Selfawareness refers to knowing your own emotions. Self-management is the ability to manage your own emotions. Relationship management is the ability to manage the emotions of others.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
33. D
We don't want to brag. It's sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths. We don't want to seem as if we're bragging or stuck up. However, recognizing our talents, abilities, and the things we do well is a healthy and acceptable thing to do. Everyone has strengths. Weaknesses are not more significant than strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
34. C
Interdependent. The relationship between your traits and your personality can be described as interdependent. All of your traits interact to give you your own unique personality. Each trait influences, either directly or indirectly, your other traits. Therefore, they are interdependent dependent upon one another.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
35. C
By asking questions. By asking appropriate questions, you show that you are doing more than just making comments and listening. Your questions tell people that you want more information about the topic and that you are really thinking about the information being given. Making jokes or answering with clichés, such as "really," indicates you are not listening well or taking the speaker seriously.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
36. C
Essential. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations. Many employees are required to carry out their duties and responsibilities independently with little direct supervision. This means that initiative cannot be an elective or optional choice for employees but a necessity to success. It is, therefore, very relevant.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. B
Show that they can be trusted. Honesty and integrity are personality traits that others respect. An honest worker usually gains the respect and trust of coworkers and of customers. Honest behavior does not guarantee higher wages, promotions, or freedom from problems.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: EI LAP 138 Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
38. B
Complete the tasks they start. Ethical employees are responsible workers who adhere to a standard of appropriate employee behavior. They can be counted on to complete the tasks they start. They do not do whatever it takes to get ahead, or copy the actions of celebrities if those actions are unethical. They do not discuss personal issues with coworkers on company time.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4 Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
39. C
Self-esteem. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your selfconfidence and self-esteem. Self-esteem is respect you have for yourself. When you respect yourself, you want to take responsibility for your life. Good grades, a strong work portfolio, and physical fitness are wonderful things, but you can still take responsibility without having them.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: EI LAP 75 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
40. B
Suggest that they meet for lunch at 1:15 p.m. at a restaurant located between the airport and her office. Managing your commitments in a timely manner means that you allow yourself enough time to complete important tasks. An important aspect of allowing yourself enough time to complete tasks is making sure that you "pad" your time in case unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. In Jana's case, she has several important commitments in one day. It is important for Jana to meet with Susan because she could provide the business with needed financial support. The best way for Jana to handle the situation is to suggest they meet for lunch between the airport and Jana's office at 1:15. This way, if Jana's meeting with her boss goes a few minutes longer than expected, she still has time to arrive for her meeting with Susan on time. Susan will have a rental car, so transportation is not an issue for her. It may not be convenient for Susan to meet with Jana the following week. Because Susan arrives at 11:30 a.m. and has a 45-minute drive from the airport, she could not meet at Jana's office at noon. A late meeting at the airport will not allow Jana enough time to get back to the office to lead her videoconference at 4:30 p.m.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Huff, L. (2015, January 19). Time management Monday: Padding your schedule. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://quovadisblog.com/2015/01/time-management-monday-paddingyour-schedule/
41. B
By helping you to feel understood. Sharing the good and bad of life with others helps you to understand them and to feel understood yourself. Feeling understood supports your positive attitude, while feeling misunderstood leads to a negative attitude. Others will not always support your ideas or agree with your opinions even if you can justify them. Learning about others' achievements may tend to make you feel negative if you allow yourself to be overly impressed by them.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
42. D
No, the length of time it takes depends on the kind of change. Don't expect your adjustment to change to take place overnight. The length of time it takes to adjust will depend upon the kind of change that has occurred. Practicing adjusting may make it easier but not faster. Different people require varying amounts of time to adjust to change.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 46, 216]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
43. B
Personal information. Many businesses gather personal information about their customers that they store in a database. This might include information about a customer's credit rating, financial status, education, etc. Such information should be available only to employees who need to know it in order to do their jobs. Businesses should limit the number of employees who have access to customers' personal information in order to protect the privacy of their customers and prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining and using this information. A customer's telephone number, purchasing history, and identification code are types of routine business information that usually are not considered to be private.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 172]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
44. A
Respect for others. Genuine respect for others and their individual differences is central to the concept of empathy the ability to put yourself in another person's place. You do not need a college degree to feel empathy. Friendship enhances empathy but is not necessary to it. The area or situation may not be work related, so a similar occupation is not necessary.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
45. C
Authority. Conflicts occur for many reasons. Power struggles can arise when people want to control, or be in charge of, the same situation. In the example, Ben and Tasha want the same job, so the reason for their disagreement is authority. Disagreements about what constitutes appropriate behavior are conflicts due to unclear boundaries. When people don't know what they're supposed to do, or what someone else expects them to do, the conflict is due to unclear expectations. Exclusion is a reason for a conflict that stems from a feeling of being left out of an activity.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. C
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility, and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility, also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16 Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
47. B
Aspirations. When you ask yourself, "What would I attempt to do if I knew I could not fail?", you are determining your aspirations. Your aspirations are the biggest, most lofty dreams you can imagine. The answer to the question does not determine necessary resources, a reason for existing, or values.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11 Picture This (Determining Vision)
48. B
Flexible. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When employees are demonstrating adaptability, they are able to be flexible and adjust to changing conditions. When employees demonstrate adaptability, they are not necessarily being aggressive, honest, or creative.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
49. C
It serves as a guide for decision making. When a shared vision exists, all members of the organization understand and support the organization's purpose. Successful organizations set goals and make decisions to fulfill the organization's purpose, which is based on the vision. A shared vision does not ensure that goals are achievable. Groupthink is a form of extreme cohesiveness that occurs when individuality and independent thinking within the group are discouraged. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures. Unattainable goals, ethnocentrism, and groupthink tend to create circumstances that hinder an organization's ability to achieve its purpose.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
50. C
Productivity. Workers who feel good about the workplace are more motivated and more productive. This means that both the workers and the business benefit, since greater productivity usually means more income for the workers and more profits for the business. Assets are the property owned by the company, such as real estate, equipment, and inventory. Workforce is the total number of workers employed by a company. Benefits are the extras provided by businesses, such as vacation time, sick leave, retirement, medical insurance, and stock options.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36 Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
51. A
Pay interest on purchases. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals or businesses can purchase now and pay later. Many types of businesses (e.g., banks, large retailers) offer credit cards to consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services. Usually, the credit card issuer sends the credit card holder a monthly statement. The information on the statement includes a list of the purchases made during the billing cycle and the amount owed for the purchases, which includes the interest charges. If the credit card holder pays the minimum amount due, the amount of interest owed accumulates on the balance due until the debt is paid off. Because interest rates can be high, this can be a disadvantage to the credit card holder. It is important to establish a good credit rating in order to borrow money in the future from other lenders. Therefore, establishing a credit rating is not necessarily a disadvantage. Credit card holders do not earn quarterly dividends on their credit cards. Temporary deferment of cash payment is an advantage to credit card holders.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Audette, J. (2016). What is a credit card? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/nerdscholar/credit-card/
52. D
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. Money is a common form of exchange. Individuals, businesses, and governments use money to purchase the products (e.g., milk) they need. When money is saved rather than spent, it is functioning as a means of accumulating wealth. Negotiating is the process of resolving a disagreement. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Study.com. (2016). Money as a medium of exchange. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://study.com/academy/lesson/money-as-a-medium-of-exchange-definition-functionexamples.html
53. B
Scarcity. Scarcity of resources has little to do with the time value of money. It's relevant to a discussion of pricing or economic resources. The time value of money is a measure of its opportunity cost, or what the spender is foregoing by spending now instead of saving. Interest rates are a measure of that opportunity cost. Future value is the value of money at some future point.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2008). Personal finance literacy (p. 68). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. A
The borrower defaults on the loan. When borrowers agree to a loan, they are making a legal contractual agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person cosign for the loan. A cosigner is responsible for paying the loan if the borrower defaults on it, which means the borrower does not make the scheduled payments to the lender. Changes in interest rates do not affect a cosigner's legal responsibility for paying the balance owed on a loan.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 181-182]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
55. A
Impulsive spending. Choosing to buy an item at the check-out counter is a classic example of impulsive spending. Poor use of credit may or may not be involved. Choosing not to buy the item would illustrate financial control and would be a good example of smart shopping.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
56. D
Tax liability. A tax liability is tax that a person or business must pay the government. Certain events, like annual income, an inheritance, and money from the sale of an asset, are taxable. Since citizens must pay money on these sources of income, it is not untaxable income or a tax loophole. Sales tax is a type of tax that is paid on the sale of goods and services.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Tax liability. (2014). Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/taxliability.asp
57. D
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check SOURCE: to the payee. There are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice there are no restrictions placed on the funds transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: About.com. (2016, June 16). How to endorse checks. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/a/endorse_checks.htm
58. C
Checks that have not cleared. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. In many cases, the balance will be different because checks have been written that have not cleared the bank. Therefore, these amounts will not appear on the bank statement. To verify the actual amount in the account, it is necessary to subtract the checks that have not cleared from the balance listed on the bank statement. When reconciling bank statements, it is not necessary to consider the number of transactions, services not available online, or the types of payroll deposits.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Miranda, K. (2016). How do I reconcile a bank statement? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/reconcile-bank-statement-1641.html
59. C
Late fee. Credit card issuers often charge late fees for payments that do not arrive on time. Some credit card issuers charge application fees, which involves billing a customer for applying for credit. Processing fees are charges to complete certain activities. Over-limit fees are charges applied for credit transactions that go over or exceed the credit card holder's credit limit.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2016, July 24). Four consequences of a late credit card payment. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://credit.about.com/od/usingcreditcards/a/latecardpayment.htm
60. A
Call the car dealership. It is more important for her to contact the credit agency and have them contact the dealership. She should file a police report immediately, because doing so will allow her to take legal action against the identity thief. Checking her credit report to make sure that it has not been affected is also something she should immediately do.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: FTC.gov. (2016). Identity theft. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0005-identity-theft
61. C
Purchase real estate. Mortgages are loans specifically designed for the purchase of real estate land, residences, and other types of buildings. Individuals may want to purchase a home to live in or an apartment building to lease to others. Apartment buildings allow individuals to generate income by renting apartment space to others. To transfer risk, individuals purchase various types of insurance from insurance companies. To invest in the stock market, an individual is likely to consult with a stockbroker or a financial planner. Deposit-taking institutions (e.g., retail banks) provide savings accounts on which individuals can earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Arthur, L., & Bailey, H. (n.d.). What is a mortgage company? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-mortgage-company.htm
62. D
They may take a long time to provide a return. Bonds are considered safe, reliable investments. However, the trade-off is that the investor must be willing to leave her/his money with the bond issuer for a long time before receiving the return. The rate of this return will not necessarily be lower than the rate of inflation. There is no penalty for early withdrawal from a bond you just miss out on the return you would have gotten if you had left your money in it. Bonds are issued by corporations or governments, but this is not necessarily a disadvantage.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. D
Premiums. Insurance premiums are the fees that the insured pays to the insurer to obtain insurance coverage. A commission is a percentage of the total sale amount paid to the individual or business that makes the sale. A fine is a monetary sum paid to a government agency when an individual or business violates a law. A stipend is a fixed sum of money paid as a salary or allowance.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Premium. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/premium.asp
64. D
Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have. One simple way to make an employee feel comfortable is to assign a mentor. The mentor doesn't need to be the employee's direct supervisor it just needs to be someone who can show the new employee the ropes. It will help the new employee to have one ready-made friend who can show her/him around. Lucia should provide some sort of orientation for the new employee before s/he starts working. There are many important things the employee will need to know about the company's policies and his/her benefits. Although it is important to make sure the employee has information about the projects s/he is working on, Lucia won't want to overwhelm the new employee with too much information on the first day. It's also important not to give the employee busy work that doesn't fit into his/her job description. After all, that's not why the employee was hired, and this won't help the new employee become more comfortable at work.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Moss, S. (2016, January 26). How to assign employee mentors during new-hire onboarding. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://blog.viperks.net/how-to-assign-employee-mentorsduring-new-hire-onboarding
65. A
Sells products at fair and reasonable prices. The marketing concept is a philosophy of conducting business based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. When a business sets reasonable prices, customers want to buy the products, and the company meets its goal of making a profit. Achieving maximum production and demonstrating social responsibility do not guarantee that the business will meet its goals. Focusing on the business's wants/needs is contrary to the marketing concept.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
66. A
Business plan elements. To retrieve the most applicable results from an Internet search engine, a computer user should enter terms into the query field that are most likely to bring up the desired information. "Business plan elements" are words that are most likely to retrieve the information Todd needs to include in his business plan. If Todd is not satisfied with the results that his initial search returns, he could use search terms such as "business plan components" or "business plan parts." The remaining search terms are too general and would likely not provide the information Todd desires on the first few pages of the results, which would reduce Todd's efficiency in retrieving the desired information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (n.d.). How to search on Google. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479?hl=en
67. B
Reviewing data on trends to develop new products. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the business applies the information to accomplish a task. Reviewing data on trends for the purpose of developing new products is an example of applying information. The data give the business an idea of what type of new product customers might want and need. Then, the business develops a product based on the information. Conducting research, developing questionnaires, and examining promotional activities are methods of obtaining information. However, they do not involve applying the information to accomplish a task.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. xlix). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. C
A business is planning to sell out to another company. When businesses merge or sell out to other companies, they need to provide records to prove their value to the other companies. Although businesses might retain documentation of employee anniversaries, press releases, and training plans, these records have less significance than records needed to provide proof of a business's income, expenses, and capital investments.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Omar, S. (2004-2011). What every small business owner should know about record retention. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.isnare.com/?aid=298230&ca=Business
69. A
Increased compliance laws and regulations. Now, more than ever, the government is cracking down on corporate dishonesty. Companies must adhere to an increased number of compliance laws and regulations, and an appropriate information management program is a big part of that. Other trends in information management include increased competition, an increased number of electronic documents, and a decreased number of workers in the office.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. C
An operating system. An operating system is the program that manages and supports the hardware and software on a computer. It lets you "communicate" with your computer. You do not need a wireless mouse or a mobile device to communicate with your computer. Windows is just one operating system; you can also use others.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). What is an operating system? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/understanding-operatingsystems/1/
71. B
Flag the message for follow-up. The follow-up function reminds the message recipient to follow up with the message at a later time. Some email programs such as Outlook provide color-coded flags so users can "flag" the message, so it stands out from other messages. When the follow-up is complete, the user can place a checkmark in the follow-up/flag field to remind him/her that s/he has completed the follow-up. The forward function allows the message recipient to send the message to another person. Sending the message to her supervisor will not help Claire to remember to follow up with the client and her supervisor should not do Claire's work for her. Spam is junk mail. Putting the message in her spam folder and placing the client's contact information in the address book will not help Claire remember to send the requested information when it is available.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2016). Flag an item for follow up. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Flag-an-item-for-follow-up-7b0f0c0e-21a6-41f0-96de2cbda41e7eb1
72. B
To create text documents. The primary purpose of word-processing software programs is to create text documents, although some have limited graphic capabilities. Businesses use word-processing software programs to write letters, memos, reports, business plans, sales contracts, etc. There are many different word-processing software programs available that enable businesses to create, edit, and store important text documents. Although many word-processing programs allow users to develop tables and include numerical data, these functions are not the primary purpose of word-processing software programs. Spreadsheet software programs are used to organize numerical information. Database software programs are used to maintain various types and tables of data, such as important business records.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. B
Import. The import function enables the computer user to copy or download graphics from other locations (e.g., other software programs and websites) to slides in a presentation software program. The drawing function enables the computer user to draw illustrations in a desktop publishing program. The style function enables computer users to format documents in a particular way. The caption function enables computer users to add text or a numerical label to identify or explain a graphic within a document.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Griffin, I. (2010, September 26). How to import images into PowerPoint. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.exec-comms.com/blog/2010/09/26/how-to-import-images-intopowerpoint/
74. A
Spreadsheet. A spreadsheet, sometimes known as a worksheet, is an electronic grid that shows information (usually numerical) in a logical manner typically a series of rows and columns. Presentation software is typically used to create visual aids supporting an oral presentation. A web ring is a series of linked web pages that share a common theme. A business letter is a formal letter used by a business professional to communicate with other businesses and clients.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: WikiHow.com. (2016). How to make a spreadsheet in Excel. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Spreadsheet-in-Excel
75. D
Integrated software application packages. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all types of business activities, such as inventory control, finance, tracking, invoicing, etc. For example, businesses can track the placement of an order, when the order is shipped and received, when an invoice is generated, and when payment is received. These types of computer programs are not known as electronic communications programs, interactive information display packages, or wireless connectivity programs.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 219). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions. Broken links and unclear instructions make it difficult, if not impossible, for readers to obtain information or purchase products from a website. Therefore, it is important to make sure that all elements of the web page work properly. Generally, web pages are not patented. A patent doesn't necessarily protect web page content from plagiarism. Although it is a good idea to consult an attorney regarding legal content posted on web pages, not all web pages include legal content. Therefore, it is not a procedure that should always be performed. Web page content is not subject to international trade requirements.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Web Page Mistakes. (2005-2016). Find broken links. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.webpagemistakes.ca/find-broken-links/
77. A
All other parts of the business. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in all other parts of the business. This is because operations activities affect every other business function, including marketing, finance, and human resources. Depending on the business, operations managers may or may not work with managers in foreign markets. Operations managers do not work with managers at competing businesses.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
78. D
Routinely inspect equipment. Some businesses operate equipment that may present a safety hazard if the equipment is not operating properly. As a result, certain health and safety regulations require these businesses to routinely inspect equipment to make sure it is safe. In some cases, government inspectors routinely visit the business to inspect equipment. If the inspectors find that the equipment is malfunctioning, they have the authority to force the business to stop using the equipment until it has been repaired and inspected again. Health and safety regulations do not require businesses to purchase new machinery, offer exercise programs, or install security cameras.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety. (2016). Effective workplace inspections. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.ccohs.ca/oshanswers/prevention/effectiv.html
79. C
Employers and employees. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires both employers and employees to keep the work environment free of safety hazards. Business management may develop safety guidelines for employees to follow. Insurance companies offer businesses protection against losses due to employee injuries. Human reSOURCE: departments may have some responsibilities for informing employees about safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Nonprofitrisk.org. (2008). Workplace safety toolkit. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://nonprofitrisk.org/tools/workplace-safety/nonprofit/c1/wkplcsafety.htm
80. B
Strain. Back muscles can be strained by improper lifting of heavy or bulky objects. This kind of injury often takes a while to heal and in some cases never heals completely. Shock is caused by a traumatic occurrence or contact with electric current. A wound is an injury of any kind. A fall occurs when someone trips while walking or falls from an elevated location to the ground.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Durham, J. (2015, August 6). Common accidents at work. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.safeworkers.co.uk/CommonWorkPlaceAccidents.html
81. C
Law enforcement. Theft and robbery are examples of security emergencies. Many companies develop procedures that advise employees how to handle these types of situations. If a theft or a robbery occurs, an employee generally contacts law enforcement officials (e.g., police). The fire department is contacted about fire-related issues. Health and welfare agencies do not handle security issues.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Gannon Associates. (2012, August 29). Types of workplace emergencies. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.gannonassociates.com/2012/08/29/types_of_workplace_emergencies/
82. C
Store information on highly secure computer systems. There are measures businesses can take to prevent security breaches. To keep private information secure, businesses should store it on computer systems that are not easy for unauthorized people to access. Not all employees should have access to personal information; instead it should only be available to the employees who need it. Businesses should only collect the minimum amount of information that is necessary.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Schiff, J. (2015, January 20). Six biggest business security risks and how you can fight back. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.cio.com/article/2872517/data-breach/6-biggestbusiness-security-risks-and-how-you-can-fight-back.html
83. B
Project schedule. The most flexible document within a project plan is the project schedule. This is because deadlines within the project may be pushed forward or backward as priorities shift. It's still important to have a tentative schedule in place, however. The risk-management plan, the project scope, and the quality-management plan are not as changeable as the project schedule.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
84. D
Purchasing. The main function of purchasing is to obtain goods and services for use in the business. Selling is a marketing function which involves determining consumer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (Purchasing)
85. D
To prevent stockouts. Safety stock or buffer stock are extra items ordered to prevent stockouts. When supplies are out of stock, the employees do not have the tools to perform their jobs. Many businesses have policies to order a certain level of extra items to avoid stockouts. Ordering extra supplies will not ensure product quality or reduce the need to forecast usage. Dan would only order exactly what is needed if he were ordering to meet minimal expectations.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: finance-lib.com. (2016). Financial terms: Safety stock. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.finance-lib.com/financial-term-safety-stock.html
86. D
Production. Production is the creation of goods and services from economic resources. Making more pizzas is an increase in production. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from it. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
87. A
Their materials in order. Organized workers are more efficient than disorganized workers because they have their materials in order, they know where to find things, and they plan the use of their time. This prevents delays, reduces frustrations, and decreases the number of mistakes they make. Being organized does not guarantee that they will have better skills, more experience, or well-planned careers.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Doucette, C. (2016). List of important reasons why employees must stay organized. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/list-important-reasonsemployees-must-stay-organized-15849.html
88. B
Effective goal. An effective goal is one that takes priority over other activities through wise decisions. A SMART goal is one that is specific, measurable, attainable, results oriented, and time bound. Performance and learning goals are types of goals you can work toward. Learning goals have to do with mastering a skill, whereas performance goals have to do with how well you do something or simply completing a task.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
89. B
Windows computer operating system. Paradigm innovation takes place when the entire perception of a product, company, or industry takes place. The Windows computer operating system revolutionized the way people input, transfer, share, and export information through personal and networked computers. Businesses worldwide use the Windows operating system. Energy-saving light bulbs, the latest model of the Honda Civic, and rechargeable batteries are examples of product innovation. Product innovation takes place when a company creates a new product or redesigns an existing product.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18 Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
90. D
Define the objective. The first step in the decision-making process is identifying what it is you want to do. The decision-making process begins when a person becomes aware of a situation and sees the need to make a decision. Making a choice, analyzing results, and evaluating information are steps in the decision-making process that occur after the objective is defined.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
91. A
Accepting responsibility for mistakes. Employers expect their employees to have the necessary skills to do the work, but they also expect them to be honest. Being honest means not only that employees will not lie or steal, but that they will accept responsibility for their mistakes and not make excuses or blame others. Businesses respect employees who are honest and admit their mistakes because businesses realize that everyone makes mistakes from time to time. Employees who complete assignments on time are meeting their employer's expectations for dependability. Employees who help coworkers or look for better ways to do the job are exhibiting initiative.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Thompson, S. (2016). The expectations of employers and employees at a new job. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://work.chron.com/expectations-employers-employees-new-job9494.html
92. A
Their personalities. Personality is an individual's distinctive qualities or traits and behavior. Each person has a unique personality that will have an effect on the type of occupation that will be of interest to him/her. For example, people who are outgoing and friendly will be interested in different careers than those that will interest people who prefer to work alone. Individuals should consider their personality when identifying possible occupations, rather than family history, parents' occupations, or friends' opinions.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2016). Developing a strategic vision for your career plan. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://www.livecareer.com/quintessential/career-plan
93. B
Administrative services. Tony is an executive or administrative assistant, someone who supports the company president, schedules his/her appointments, and answers his/her phone. Executive or administrative assistants are part of administrative services. Employees who work in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce or provide a business's goods and/or services. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience. This can include people working in advertising, public relations, and sales promotion. Human reSOURCE: management careers focus on staffing activities, including everything from recruitment to compensation. None of these describe Tony's work in administrative services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15 Go for It! (Careers in Business)
94. D
Show that s/he has been learning about the company. The job applicant can read or ask questions about the company before the job interview so that s/he can ask intelligent questions during the interview. This makes a favorable impression because it indicates that the applicant has a sincere interest in the job and the company. Job applicants should sit upright during an interview, not slouch or lean back in the chair. Applicants make a good impression when they dress a little more formally than they would on the job. For example, a financial planner should not go to a job interview in jeans and a sweatshirt. Letting the interviewer know that the applicant expects to be hired indicates a cocky attitude that is likely to make a poor impression.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Huhman, H. (2014, August 29). Seven things to research before any job interview. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/7-research-job-interview/
95. B
Restate his/her interest in the position. A follow-up letter allows a job applicant the opportunity to thank the interviewer for a job interview. It also allows the job applicant to restate his/her interest in the job and reinforce the ways in which s/he can benefit the company if hired. The applicant describes specific training and experience in a résumé, which may also include the applicant's references. The applicant is usually asked about personal strengths and weaknesses during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Schneider, L. (2016). Thank you letters. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://jobsearchtech.about.com/od/resumesandletters/a/thankyous.htm
96. C
Volunteer positions. Some job applicants, especially recent graduates, do not have a lot of paid job experience. It is acceptable for them to list unpaid or volunteer positions in the work experience section of their résumés. Volunteer positions indicate job experience and levels of responsibility even if the positions were unpaid. Technical training should be listed in the educational background section. Career objectives and references are separate sections of résumés.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2016). Resume workshop. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/719/01/
97. C
Advances in technology. Advances in technology have eliminated the need for some jobs while creating a need for new jobs. Therefore, some employees need additional education and training to change careers and pursue different occupations because the jobs for which they were trained no longer exist. Workers usually do not need to continue their education and obtain training to pursue different careers because of increases in responsibility, changes in geography, or limits to confidentiality.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Referenceforbusiness.com. (2016). Continuing education. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/encyclopedia/Con-Cos/Continuing-Education.html
98. C
New position is created. The opportunity for promotion often occurs when employees retire or leave the company, or the business creates new positions. Many businesses prefer to promote from within, so the creation of new jobs opens the door for current employees to be considered for a promotion. As businesses grow and prosper, they often create new positions and give current employees the opportunity to apply. An entry-level job is a starting position rather than a promotion. Employees are not considered for a promotion because the occupation is high paying or the career is being revised.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (2010, February 28). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.school-forchampions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm#.V64CVpgrKUk
99. C
The consequences of breaking the rules. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. By explaining the rules and the consequences of not following them, employers are making sure that employees understand what is expected of them and what will happen if they break the rules. Depending on the situation, the consequences of breaking the rules might include a reprimand, suspension without pay, or dismissal. Why, who, and when the rules were developed are not important facts to discuss with new employees.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Mayhew, R. (2016). Orientation of new employees regarding company policies & procedures. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/orientationnew-employees-regarding-company-policies-procedures-2866.html
100. D
Size of the business. There are different levels of management in almost all businesses. The number of levels the business needs usually depends on the size of the business. A large, national business would have managers at all levels, while a small, family-owned business might have only one level of management. The number of levels of management does not depend on the age of the employees, the goals of the company, or the location of the facility.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1149
Business Administration Core Exam
1. B
Form a corporation. A corporation is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by stockholders who have purchased shares of stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. It does not have the capability of selling stock. Having unlimited liability means that business owners are responsible for paying all business debts. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. A
Active. Active reading involves highlighting, underlining, and taking notes to help you engage with the text and understand it. Speed reading involves reading very quickly. Lauren is not being passive; instead, she is engaging with the text and making sure she comprehends it. Extensive reading is used to develop a general understanding of a text and is usually done for enjoyment, not for classwork.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Princeton University. (2016). Active reading strategies: Remember and analyze what you read. Retrieved October 17, 2016, from https://mcgraw. princeton.edu/active-reading- strategies
3. C
Read through all of the directions before beginning. When following written directions, it's important to read through all of the directions before beginning. Starting immediately after reading the first step can lead to confusion or cause you to miss something. If you have questions, you should ask. It's important to focus on following the directions, and it can be hard to pay attention when multitasking.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Morgan, H. (2016). Why is following directions so important? Retrieved October 17, 2016, from http://peopleof.oureverydaylife.com/following-directions-important-9718.html
4. C
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2016). Active listening. Retrieved October 17, 2016, from http:/Avww.skillsyouneed.com/ips/active-listening.html
5. B
Don't rush. When Millie skips ahead of the knitting directions in her book, she is rushing forward without all the information she needs to make the scarf. Reading and following directions is not a race. Taking your time and following the steps provided will ensure that you don't leave something out or do something incorrectly. This improves your chances of doing it right. In this situation, Millie is not ignoring the tips to know when to speak, accept responsibility, or note key words.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Oswego City School District. (2001-2011). Understanding written directions. Retrieved October 17, 2016, from http:/Avww.studyzone.org/testprep/ela4/g/directionsl.cfm
6. D
Let the speaker know that the message has been received and understood. Active listening is primarily about understanding a speaker's meaning, not about communicating your agreement or voicing your own opinion. Active listening can help to make boring lectures more interesting, but that is not its purpose.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2016). Active listening. Retrieved October 17, 2016, from http:/Avww.skillsyouneed.com/ips/active-listening.html Test 1149 BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY 14
7. A
What is your presentation about? Open-ended questions are those that require more than just a yes or no answer. If someone asked you what your presentation was about, it would require you to say more than just yes or no. But if someone asked you if you were ready for your presentation, if your presentation was finished, or if you needed a projector for your presentation, you would be able to answer with a simple yes or no. These questions are considered closed-response questions.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: LoveToKnow, Corp. (1996-2016). Examples of open-ended and closed-ended questions. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://examples. yourdictionary.com/examples-of-open- ended-and-closed-ended-questions. html
8. B
Fidgeting can signal nervousness or impatience. A person typically fidgets when s/he is nervous, impatient, or bored. Crossed arms usually signal defensiveness, not friendliness and availability. Clenched fists often signal tension and anger, not intelligence and awareness. Eye contact by itself doesn't usually mean a person is angry or irritated. Sometimes eye contact can express interest, but other times it can be seen as intimidating. For this reason, it's important not to rely 100% on nonverbal cues when interpreting a person's message.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bradberry, T. (2016, May 18). 8 great tricks for reading people's body language. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.entrepreneur.com/article/275309
9. D
Give directions in the proper order. It's much easier for your listeners to follow along if you give directions in the order in which they should be completed. Raising your voice isn't necessary when giving directions; in fact, it may intimidate your listeners. Your directions should not be challenging, even if the task itself is challenging. If you choose to demonstrate how to complete the directions, you should show how to do each step, not just the final ones.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Magruder, K. (n.d.). Directions tips. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww2.okbu.edu/academics/natsci/ed/398/dir.htm.
10. D
Others may have different opinions. When defending their ideas, employees should keep in mind that others might not agree with the ideas or may have different opinions. If this happens, employees need to remain objective and clearly explain their ideas and provide supporting information. Being calm and logical is often the best way to defend ideas to others who have different opinions. Managers usually ask questions because they want to clarify information and make sure they understand the ideas. Employees' objectively defending their ideas usually does not result in office conflict. If employees understand their ideas, it should not be difficult to explain the data.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Baldoni, J. (2010, April 22). Defend your idea without being defensive. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https: //hbr.org/2010/04/defend-yourself-without-being
11. B
Who knows the most. Interaction among the group members has a lot to do with the topic at hand—and who knows the most about it. The members want to know who knows the most about the subject. This may or may not be the oldest member of the group, the group member who asks questions, or the one who was in charge of the previous group.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2016). Working in groups and teams. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.skillsyouneed.com/ips/groups. html Test 1149 BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY 15
12. C
Mapping. Mapping is a visual method of note-taking that involves writing the main topic in a circle and writing supporting ideas on lines around the circle. The Cornell method involves taking notes in two columns. Outlining involves creating an outline, while charting involves organizing your notes in a chart based on the categories covered in the material.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: California Polytechnic State University. (2016). Note taking systems. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.sas.calpoly.edu/asc/ssl/notetakingsystems. html
13. A
Scatter chart. A scatter chart is a visual aid that involves placing points on a graph to indicate relationships or patterns among two or more variables. A pie chart shows the parts of a whole. A timeline illustrates the sequential order or occurrence of events. Businesspeople typically use tables to present exact, individual values of data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Google Developers. (2013, November 27). Scatter chart: Introduction. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https://developers.google.com/chart/image/docs/gallery/scatter_charts
14. C
Accomplishes its intended purpose. Written communications serve many purposes, and a test of whether a written communication was effective is whether it accomplished the purpose for which it was intended. Written communications do not need to contain a lot of information in order to be considered effective. Effective written communication takes time and effort and is not usually quick and easy to prepare. It should also be clear and should not require the reader to interpret its meaning or be open to any interpretation that the reader wants to give it.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: MindTools. (2016). Writing skills. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.mindtools.com/CommSkllMfritingSkills.htm
15. A
Appropriate way to cite his resources. To provide consistency throughout written documents, certain businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as Associated Press (AP) or Chicago Manual. Because each style manual varies and often follows different standards, a writer should check the appropriate style manual to ensure that s/he is formatting a reSOURCE: citation correctly. A computer- software manual, the computer-software "help" function, or a computer-software website provides information about setting up tables in documents. A dictionary or glossary provides formal definitions of words. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: California State University, Los Angeles. (2015, September 14). Style manuals and writing guides. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.calstatela.edu/library/styleman.htm
16. D
Inside address and signature. The elements of a business letter include the inside address and signature as well as the return address, dateline, salutation, body, closing, and reference initials. Company logo and letterhead, return envelope and postage, and brief summary and outline are not elements of a business letter.
SOURCE: C0:133
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (1993-2016). Elements of a business letter. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://writing.colostate.edu/guides/page.cfm?pageid=1473&guideid=72 Test 1149 BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY 16
17. D
Memo. If Sophia needs to transmit a message to her staff that involves lots of numbers and figures but doesn't require much explanation, a memo is her best bet. This way each employee will have a record of the information to keep on file. A face-to-face meeting would be an inconvenient way to transmit the necessary information. Sophia would waste valuable time going over each figure, when employees could just as easily read the information themselves. A conference call and voicemails would also not be ideal. With either of those options, the employees wouldn't have the information in front of them. The numbers would also be confusing to explain over the phone. It's always important to choose the correct information channel. If Sophia chooses the wrong one, she could confuse her employees or distort the message.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Fennell, Z. (1999-2013). The importance of communication channels in business. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.ehow.com/about_6511827_importance-communication- channels-business. html
18. D
Avoiding wasted time and resources. Positive customer relations can boost productivity by avoiding wasted time and resources. If a business provides a positive customer experience the first time around, it won't have to worry about correcting as many mistakes or solving as many problems. Positive customer relations does not create new manufacturing processes or cut down on equipment costs. It does attract new customers, but this does not relate to productivity.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CRLAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. A
It helps employees advance in their careers. Employees who are customer-oriented often receive compliments from customers, positive performance evaluations, and raises and/or promotions. Efficiency levels and the level of competitiveness vary from person to person. Achieving the business's profit goals benefits the employer.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Gibson, P. (2012). The world of customer service (3rd ed.) [pp. 126, 128]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
20. D
What merchandise is carried by the business? In order to handle customer inquiries competently, employees should know the characteristics of the products carried by their businesses. Information pertaining to the times that a business is available to customers answers the question of what hours the business is open. Knowledge of financial instruments, other than cash, that the business accepts as payment for purchases answers the question of what type of credit the business offers. Information regarding established guidelines for the return or exchange of merchandise answers questions about the business's return policy.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Fernandes, B. (2015, February 26). Product knowledge training. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww. infoprolearning.com/blog/product-knowledge-training/
21. C
Impatient. Impatient customers want assistance immediately and have great difficulty waiting their turn. Dishonest customers are those who intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced something is true.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CRLAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. A
Getting all the facts. Permit the customer to state the complaint without interruption. Restate the complaint to ensure that there are no misunderstandings on either side. Only then are you prepared to handle the problem. The person handling the complaint should not argue with the customer or try to control the situation by keeping the upper hand because these actions can create or fuel a heated situation. Company policy for handling complaints should be followed, not adjusted, since this ensures all customers will be treated in the same manner.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2016). How to handle customer complaints. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.skillsyouneed.com/rhubarb/dealing-with-complaints. html
23. C
Touch points. A brand promise is a company's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Touch points are all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its customers and reinforce its brand value. Touch points may include the company's employees, product attributes and packaging, and technological systems. A company uses various touch points to create these experiences for its customers to fulfill its brand promise. By fulfilling its brand promise, the company is more likely to develop loyal customer relationships and repeat business. Companies cannot always control the publicity that they receive from external sources. A product-line extension occurs when the company adds a new product to the existing product line. Services are intangible touch points.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Glatstein, S. (2016, August 3). 5 steps to brand building: Touchpoints are key to a strong brand. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://sbinfocanada.about.com/od/marketing/a/brandbuildingsg.htm
24. C
A drink of water from a spring. Free goods are items obtained without spending money. They satisfy noneconomic wants. The other alternatives require money to be spent in order to obtain them.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. D
People, ages 25-55, who lack technological skills. This group of people is needed to fill jobs in the technology area. Since they are the core of the work force, a lack of skills would create problems. All of the other groups would contribute to our leadership in technology.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
26. D
There are two basic categories of producers. There are three basic categories of producers: raw-goods producers, manufacturers, and builders. All of the other alternatives are true statements about producers.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society)
27. B
Hires an outside firm to perform its marketing. A business performs its activities in an "out of the ordinary’ way when it uses outsourcing or when it offers virtual services. Outsourcing is acquiring assistance from outside organizations/consultants to perform primary business activities. In this case, outsourcing is demonstrated by hiring an outside firm to perform the primary business activity of marketing. Operating as a link between customers and products is the role of marketing—certainly not out of the ordinary. Long-term planning and organizing for the future are part of strategic management. Offering a new product in a popular product line is part of marketing and/or operations.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
28. B
People are interdependent. People in all economic systems are interdependent. In other words, they must depend on each other in order to obtain the things they need. The economic system provides a way for this to happen. For example, people work to produce goods and services for others but also earn incomes that they use to buy goods and services that they cannot make for themselves. Many resources are limited rather than unlimited. Some governments are unstable, but many are stable. The cost of products ranges from inexpensive to expensive. These factors are not the reasons that economic systems are needed.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—\Vho's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
29. C
Income is greater than expenses. A business must take in more money than it spends in order to make a profit. If expenses were greater than income, a loss would occur. Keeping expenses under control, buying from vendors who offer discounts, and having customers who pay in cash are ways of making sure that income exceeds expenses.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
30. D
Perfect competition. Perfect competition seldom exists, but when it does, no one seller or buyer can influence the price. Monopolistic competition has many businesses selling similar products. Oligopoly has a few large companies who control the market. There is no competition in a monopoly because there is only one seller.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
31. A
Buys wheat to keep the price high enough for farmers to make a profit. Price supports are assistance by the government to maintain the price of a good or service in order to enable the producers to earn a profit. Buying supplies from businesses for its workers to use, employing thousands of workers across the country, and selling electricity produced by a government-owned facility to consumers are examples of ways that a government has assumed a more active role in the world of business.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. A
Age. Stereotyping does not consider the individual's unique skills, beliefs, and attitudes. Instead, stereotyping is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. Stereotyping tends to classify certain people in groups (e.g., gender, race, age) that possess certain characteristics. These characteristics are often based on unproven, false, or distorted beliefs and information. In the example, Rick is stereotyping older workers by assuming that they lack basic computer skills. This is a broad assumption that is not always true. In fact, many older workers are very computer savvy and willing to learn new technology. The example is not a stereotype based on gender, politics, or nationality.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. (2016). Age discrimination. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Awww.eeoc.gov/laws/types/age.cfm
33. C
It may reveal characteristics about ourselves that we don't like. Assessing strengths and weaknesses is a difficult task because it may reveal characteristics about ourselves that we don''t like. It takes courage to evaluate yourself, acknowledge your strengths, and examine your flaws. Assessing strengths and weaknesses need not be a time-consuming process, although it should be an ongoing one. It is not unrealistic to try to discover all of one's strengths and weaknesses, nor is it impossible to be modest when listing one's strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
34. C
Admit their mistakes. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Self-confident people tend to exhibit certain characteristics, such as a positive attitude and a willingness to take risks, even if it means making and admitting to mistakes. These characteristics often inspire others' behaviors. Self-confident people are able to acknowledge their contributions to a work effort or cause and accept that they have weaknesses. Self-confident people do not limit their expectations.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2016). Building self-confidence. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
35. D
Sign up for a seminar that will teach her a new skill. People with initiative try to further their education and training. This involves actions like signing up for seminars. Waiting to take action, avoiding doing more than you're supposed to do, and leaving unpleasant job duties for coworkers are not actions that people with initiative take.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: El LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
36. A
Responsibility. An individual who is responsible is dependable, and a dependable employee will discharge all duties in a reliable fashion. Imagination is the trait that enables people to visualize how things could or might be. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Romanticism is an outlook that is fanciful and not based on fact.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: El LAP 21—Make the Honor Roll (Acting Responsibly)
37. B
Accepting the consequences for the decision he made. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. In the example, Tim admits that he made a mistake by not conducting computer backup activities, so he is accepting the responsibility for his behavior. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future, rather than promising not to make any more mistakes. It does not always involve making informed decisions because some people make decisions without knowing all the facts, or they make impulsive decisions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Good Choices Good Life. (2016). Do you accept responsibility for your actions? Retrieved December 12, 2016, from http:/Awww.goodchoicesgoodlife.org/choices-for-young- people/accepting-responsibility-/
38. D
No. Joe would have only 30 minutes to meet with the vendor before he needs to return to the office. Managing work commitments in a timely manner involves allowing enough time to complete the most important tasks first. Joe had commitments that he needs to keep from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. and at 2:00 p.m. Because the vendor asked Joe to meet at a restaurant that was 30 minutes away from his office, he doesn't have enough time to meet with the vendor for one hour at 1:00 p.m. If the vendor is not available at an earlier time at a closer location, Joe must decline the luncheon invitation and schedule it at a time that is more convenient for both of them. It's not unusual for last-minute meetings to take place, if other commitments are not an issue. Therefore, the vendor was not being rude by asking Joe if he had time to meet. There is not enough information to determine if Joe had the authority to reschedule the training session. Moving the lunch reservation to 12:45 p.m. would not help because Joe would be 15 minutes late to his training session.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Iskold, A. (2016). 7 tips for managing your schedule like a pro. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.entrepreneur.com/article/243962
39. A
Positive people are understanding and accepting of others. When Harry forgives his friend for hurting him and puts the incident behind him, he is displaying the positive characteristic of being understanding and accepting of others. He realizes that his friend is not perfect, that no one is. Positive people are also pleasant and smiling, interested and enthusiastic, and responsible. But Harry's behavior does not illustrate these qualities.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: El LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. D
Specific facts. One important characteristic of constructive criticism is that it provides the message receiver with specific facts and/or examples to help him/her understand what behavior or attitude needs changing and why. And, the person giving the criticism should provide specific recommendations for improving or implementing the behavior or attitude. Because each person and situation differs, the complexity of the improvement can vary. Therefore, constructive criticism does not necessarily need to include complex suggestions. Constructive criticism is specific in nature. Therefore, giving a person general guidelines or vague guidance is not providing him/her with constructive criticism.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. D
Positive. Being "tuned in" to change helps you to make change work for you. This can make change a positive force in your life. Not being prepared to cope with change can cause it to have a negative or even traumatic impact on your life. By its very nature, change is unstable.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Daft, R.L. (2008). The leadership experience (4th ed.) [pp. 146, 200]. Mason, OH: Thomson: South-Western.
42. C
Erase stereotypes. To be culturally sensitive, you must erase stereotypes. You don't need to exhibit passive behavior (put others' needs above your own), avoid interaction, or approve of everyone else's opinions. Remember, differences can be positive.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: El LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
43. C
Presents only relevant information. Conciseness is presenting the facts clearly. A concise statement is clear and specific rather than vague. Concise statements do not contain a great many adjectives. Being concise is the opposite of being wordy.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, JV. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 6]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
44. B
Functional. Functional conflict exists when people disagree about something tangible or concrete. Often, the people involved agree on a goal but have different approaches to the situation. Coworkers disagreeing about the best way to solve a problem are involved in functional conflict. They agree that the problem must be solved, but they disagree about the best way to do this. Emotional conflict arises when people have different personal beliefs, values, or experiences. Intangible and specific are not types of conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: El LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
45. D
Feelings. Emotional intelligence is about being aware of our emotions, responding to them appropriately, and then doing the same with the emotions of other people. Leaders with emotional intelligence are good at managing feelings, not necessarily money, raw materials, or facilities.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: El LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
46. A
Putting goals in writing. By keeping a list, Ryan has put his goals in writing. This makes them seem more solid and real, giving Ryan greater motivation to work toward them. Ryan is not necessarily tying his goals to a timetable, making his goals specific, or making his goals difficult but possible.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: El LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. A
Guide or direct others. A person who wants to lead change in the workplace must have the ability to guide or direct others with the intention to transform or alter something. Getting people to change involves guiding or directing them to do something in a different way. People usually will not follow the lead of another person if that person cannot provide guidance or direction. A person who wants to lead change often needs to answer a variety of questions to explain the need for change. A person who wants to lead change does not need to make friends with managers or perform all types of tasks.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: El LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
48. B
Everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. One reason that an excellent vision is general rather than specific is that everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. Team members should be able to relate the team vision to their own personal visions for what they want to accomplish in their own careers and also for the organization. Excellent visions are meant for the long-term. Employees don't always need to be told exactly what to do. Excellent visions are compelling and energizing, but this does not relate to them being general or specific.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: El LAP 60—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. A
Be satisfied and more productive. Workers who are treated with dignity are more likely to be satisfied workers, and satisfied workers are more productive. Studies have shown that workers who feel good about the workplace get more work done because they are more motivated than dissatisfied workers. If you are satisfied at your place of work, you will likely not look for another job. When people treat you with respect, it is easier to respect them. If you are more productive, you will have a better chance of being promoted, but this is not necessarily an outcome of people accepting your differences.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: El LAP 36—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
50. B
Effective. This involves understanding other people and skillfully relating to them. It means appreciating other people and treating them with courtesy, respect, and consideration. Such relationships are generally pleasant and mutually rewarding. People who don't get along well are practicing ineffective or questionable human relations skills.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: El LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
51. A
It is easy to steal or lose. Cash, more so than other forms of financial exchange, is easy to steal or lose. Carrying a large amount of cash on you places you at a higher risk for theft. Cash payments do not incur fees the way that some other forms of payment sometimes do. There is a relatively low risk of fraud with cash.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Myers, C. (2014). Advantages and disadvantages of the way customers pay businesses. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages- disadvantages-way-customers-pay-businesses-22024. html
52. C
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Functions of money. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/economics/money-and-banking/functions-of-money
53. B
Immediate gratification. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a person decides to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. When a person places $500 in the bank, the opportunity (benefit) is having money available for the future. The cost of placing money in the bank means that the person does not have the money to purchase a desired item. When a person purchases something that s/he doesn't need but really wants, the benefit to the person is immediate gratification or a sense of instant satisfaction that s/he has acquired the desired product. The opportunity cost (benefit lost) is not a higher discretionary income, lower salary or wages, or long-term dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Opportunity cost. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.investopedia.com/terms/o/opportunitycost.asp
54. A
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 312-31 4]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
55. C
Salary. An individual's income is the SOURCE: of money that the person receives. A person earns income by working and collecting a salary from his/her employer. Other income sources include child support payments, alimony, interest, and profits from investments (e.g., rental properties). Insurance, clothing, and utilities are types of personal expenses.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: PersonalBudgeting.com. (n.d.). Budgeting 107. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.personalbudgeting.com/tips/tips.html
56. B
$125.00. Her net pay is what she actually receives after withholdings for federal, state and local income taxes and government programs. Her gross pay is $150.00, which is not the amount she will receive. $275.00 could be found by adding the gross pay to the net pay, but this number is meaningless. $25.00 could be found by subtracting her net pay from her gross pay, and would be the amount of her withholdings.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Lazarony, L. (2013, September 19). Understanding your pay stub. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.credit.com/credit_information/money_management/Understanding- your-Pay-Stub. jsp
57. A
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information, along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature, has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2016, September 18). A visua/ example of how to write a check. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/ig/How-to-Wrrite-a- Check/
58. A
Shows the parts of a business transaction. As a way to apply the double-entry accounting system when maintaining financial records, a T account shows the parts of a business transaction. It does not reveal motives, increase accuracy, or heighten awareness—though analysis of the parts of a business transaction may result in any of the three.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Accounting Coach. (2016). What is a T-account? Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.accountingcoach.com/blog/t-account
59. D
Subtract fees and charges. To complete checkbook balancing, Matt needs to subtract fees and charges. Some financial institutions charge a monthly fee on bank accounts, especially those with less than a certain balance. They also have charges for new checks, bounced checks, etc. All of these charges must be subtracted from the balance in the check register to obtain an accurate monthly balance. Interest is added to, not subtracted from, the check register balance. Matt does not need to call the bank for a new statement just because the latest deposit is not on his current statement. He does need to subtract fees and charges and add any interest before he can consider everything done.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Capital One. (2016). Balancing and budgeting—Balancing your checkbook. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.capitalone.com/financial-education/money- basics/balancing-budget/balance-your-checkbook/
60. B
Monitor your credit and bank accounts continuously. By reviewing your credit card statements and your bank accounts on a regular basis, you are more likely to detect credit purchases or bank withdrawals that you did not make. If unauthorized transactions have occurred, you can quickly close accounts to stop identity thieves from accessing your accounts. Other things you can do to protect yourself from identity theft is to use different passwords for each of your online accounts, and use secure websites when paying bills and shopping online. Not all online sites are secure. You should use the same caution with your debit card as you do with your credit accounts and other bank accounts.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Consumer information: Identity theft. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.consumer. ftc.gov/features/feature-001 4-identity-theft
61. B
Deduct allowable expenses. Form 1040 is the longest version of the tax forms. However, there are benefits to using this form depending on an individual's situation. If an individual has a lot of allowable expenses that are deductible, the individual often can reduce the amount of tax that is owed. These deductions must total more than the standard deduction in order to save money on taxes. For example, if the standard deduction is $8,000 but the individual has allowable deductions of $12,000, it is to the individual's benefit to use Form 1040 to claim the higher deduction. Using Form 1040 does not speed up the refund process or enable individuals to estimate tax payments. Individuals use Form 1040 to itemize deductions rather than to claim the standard deduction.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). 1040 form. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.investopedia.com/terms/1/1040.asp
62. A
Full-service broker. Full-service brokers provide “one-stop shopping” for investors. They provide a wide variety of financial products and services. Full-service brokers are often desirable for people who require ongoing, comprehensive financial guidance and do not have the time to research investment options in detail. Discount brokers primarily provide the client with basic information about financial products and do not offer advice or conduct in-house research. A beneficiary is an individual or institution that receives specified benefits under certain circumstances such as money from a life-insurance policy upon the insured's death. Although insurance professionals may be employed by full-service brokerage firms, not all insurance agents have the expertise to provide comprehensive financial advice.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: CFP. (2016). How to choose a financial advisor. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.letsmakeaplan.org/other-resources/selecting-an-advisor
63. D
For the potential of a high return, you usually accept a high risk. The statement, "For the potential of a high return, you usually accept a high risk," describes the relationship between risk and return. Higher risks usually bring higher returns. Lower risks usually bring lower returns. Every investment has some risk—none are risk-free. It would be unwise to take a high risk for something that might bring a low return. And, it is nearly impossible to find a high-return investment that requires only a low risk.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Fl LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
64. A
Staffing the business. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. Staffing is an important function because hiring and keeping qualified employees will contribute to the success of the business. Employees who are capable and hard- working usually help the business to achieve its goals and be successful. It is not possible to completely eliminate turnover. Management usually decides if it needs to expand and create more jobs. Human resources management administers the compensation package, but it is not responsible for reducing compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pushers (Nature of Human Resources Management)
65. B
Selling. All businesses have something to sell, and everyone benefits from selling. Society benefits because selling raises the standard of living, which is the general conditions in which people live, the quality of life. The marketing function of selling encourages economic growth, which makes more products available. Selling also contributes to high employment, which means that more people have more money to spend on goods and services which, in turn, improves their standard of living. Buying is the process of purchasing goods and services; however, it is not a marketing function. Planning is the management function that decides what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Financing is a business function that involves determining the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in business activities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
66. A
Current. Part of researching is determining the type of information you need. If you are researching the latest developments in vaccines, you should focus on current information sources, like current magazines, recent newspapers, reputable websites, and recently published books. If you were researching something about history, you would focus on historical information sources. You don't necessarily want to consult controversial information sources—instead, you should look for information sources that are universally trusted. You do not want to rely on fictional information for a factual paper.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Old Dominion University. (2016, June 30). Information literacy tutorials. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://guides. lib.odu.edu/informationliteracytutorials
67. D
Storyboard. Business professionals sometimes use graphic organizers to illustrate certain processes or to describe a problem and its solution. A storyboard uses a combination of pictures, graphs, and simple statements to present information in a sequential order. An outline is a general plan giving only the main points of a topic. A draft is the preliminary version of a piece of writing. A proposal is a plan or suggestion. Outlines, drafts, and proposals are not graphic organizers.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Chandel, T. (n.d.). Business analysis tools: Storyboards. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://businessanalyst.tarunchandel.com/2008/09/business-analysis-tools-storyboards. html
68. B
The information is available at all times from any computer. The advantage of storing records via web-based storage services is that the business can access the information at all times from any computer. Online storage service providers do not update another business's records on a daily basis nor do they automatically discard outdated records without permission. Web-based storage services can experience technical problems, which is a disadvantage of online record storage.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Wang, J. (2011, December 7). How to store your financial documents. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.businessinsider.com/how-to-store-financial-documents-201 1-12
69. A
Fire. Businesses should manage their information in ways that minimize risk. A natural risk is the possibility of loss resulting from natural causes such as floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, fire, etc. To minimize losses due to natural causes, businesses should keep hard copies or digital backups of crucial business records in a different location. A tax audit is an example of a financial risk. Failing to upgrade or keep up with new technical products is a technological risk. Businesses often have confidential information (e.g., customer credit card information, business trade secrets), which should be secured to prevent risks associated with the invasion of privacy.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. D
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). What is an operating system? Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
71. B
Wireless Fidelity. Wireless Fidelity (Wi-Fi) allows computer users to access the Internet through radio frequencies, which don't require a physical connection to power grids. Wireless Internet allows users the ability to access their email and various websites from their laptop computers or cellular telephones from different locations. Analog or dial-up Internet access involves using telephone lines that are connected to a modem. Broadband cable requires a cable modem to access the Internet. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing the Web (e.g., Yahoo).
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 208-210). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. A
Reply. The reply key allows the email recipient to write a response to the sender's message. The forward key allows the email user to send or forward a message that s/he received to another user. The email user clicks on the send key when s/he wants to transmit the message to the message receiver. The import key allows a user to bring documents, graphics, or programs into a computer program from another computer program.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation, Inc. (1998-2016). Email basics. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.gcflearnfree.org/email1 01 /introduction-to-email/1/
73. B
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: O'Donovan, K. (2016). Top 75 time management apps and tools. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww lifehack.org/articles/technology/top-15-time-management-apps-and- tools.html
74. D
Cut and paste. Businesspeople use word-processing software programs to create text documents such as business letters, memos, reports, etc. Word-processing software programs have many features and functions that allow the computer user to manipulate text. For example, the cut function allows the user to select a block of text and remove it from a certain location. By moving the curser to another location and selecting the paste function, the user can place the previously cut text into a different part of the document. This process eliminates the need to delete text and retype it in a different section of the document, which can be time consuming. The copy function copies the selected text but does not remove it from its existing location. If the text is not copied before it is deleted, then it would not be possible to move the text to a new location in the document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation, Inc. (2016). Copying and moving text. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.gcflearnfree.org/word201 3/text-basics/2/
75. B
To maintain customer lists. Database software programs are designed to sort, arrange, and locate a wide variety of information. Many businesses use database software to maintain customer lists that can be arranged alphabetically, by zip code, by date of last purchase, or by many other criteria. This type of software allows businesses to generate mailing lists of specific customers based on a variety of factors. Businesses use spreadsheet software to track operating expenses, desktop publishing programs to prepare annual reports, and graphics programs to design company stationery.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. A
Audio conferencing. Audio conferencing is a communication method that allows several individuals to simultaneously hold a discussion by telephone. Although each person is in a different location, each person can speak and hear all of the conference participants. Switchboards and teleprompters are not business tools that allow several people to communicate simultaneously. Video cameras record data in a digital format.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Thompson, A. (2015, March 13). 7 incredible benefits of audio conferencing for business. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.techsling.com/201 5/03/7-incredible-benefits-of-audio-conferencing-for-business/
77. B
Both manufacturers and service businesses rely on scheduling. Even though service businesses don't produce tangible goods, they still rely on scheduling to deliver their services in an efficient, effective manner (example: the postal service). Scheduling for business is not the same as personal scheduling; instead, it establishes a timetable to be followed during the production process. Most businesses rely on scheduling. Scheduling has different timelines depending on the business and products/services produced.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
78. D
Inspect the building for hazards. Government agencies often require equipment and buildings to be inspected on a regular basis to ensure the employees’ and general public's safety. For example, fire departments inspect buildings to ensure that they have the required number of fire extinguishers. If a building has elevators, they are inspected to ensure that they are working properly. If the building or property is not up to code, the business may be required to pay a fine and take corrective action to ensure things are working properly to reduce the risk of hazards. Preventative maintenance helps reduce the risk of equipment failures. Typically, the business or a qualified contractor performs preventative maintenance. The business, rather than the government, installs security devices on the business's property to protect the business from theft.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: The City of Rochester, NY. (n.d.). Inspection and compliance services. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.cityofrochester.gov/article.aspx ?id=8589939496
79. B
Insisting that businesses maintain safe, hazard-free workplaces. OSHA, a federal government agency, writes and enforces safety standards for all businesses. Under OSHA, both employers and employees have responsibilities to keep the work environment free of hazards. OSHA informs employers of the rules and safety practices that employees need to follow. Employees are responsible for reporting job-related injuries or illnesses to their supervisors, seeking medical attention as needed, and complying with their business's safety rules.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 142). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. D
Sprain. A sprain is an injury to muscles or joints caused by twisting or tearing of the ligaments. An open wound involves a break in the skin, such as a paper cut. A strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or overexerting. A hernia is an injury in which part or all of a body organ breaks through surrounding tissue and protrudes.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Copeland, J. (2016). Top 10 most common workplace injuries. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Awww.arbill.com/arbill-safety-blog/bid/202877/Top-10-Most-Common-Workplace- Injuries
81. C
An emergency plan. Comprehensive emergency plans contain policies and procedures for many types of situations that the business might experience. The plan might address issues such as evacuation plans for fire, bomb threats, and weather-related incidents. The emergency plan might include policies for handling injuries, illnesses, and robberies. The business needs to ensure that employees know what to do in these situations by providing ongoing training.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2016). Evacuation plans and procedures etool. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.osha.gov/SLT C/etools/evacuation/expertsystem/default.htm
82. B
Checking the customer's signature. Employees should be trained to compare the signature that appears on the credit card with the customer's signature on the sales check. This is done to verify that the person making the credit purchase is the rightful owner of the credit card. The use of closed-circuit TV is a precautionary measure against shoplifting and employee theft. Credit card services are provided by a variety of financial institutions—not only credit unions. Verifying the customers’ bank account balances will protect a business from point-of-sale credit card fraud.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2016). Protecting against credit card fraud. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.consumer.ftc. gov/articles/0216-protecting-against-credit-card- fraud
83. C
Set the security alarm; locks the doors. Businesses install locks and security alarms to protect their facilities from theft and burglary. Depending on the business's procedures, the last employee to leave for the day should set the security alarm and lock the door. In some situations, the security alarm can be set with a remote device after the employee leaves the building and locks the doors. Turning off the lights and adjusting the thermostat will not protect the building from unlawful entry. Turning on a surveillance camera may deter and identify thieves and burglars, but this will not prevent them from entering the building.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2016). How to protect your business property against theft. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.wikihow.com/Protect-Your-Business-Property-Against-Theft
84. C
Purchasing. Purchasing activities of a company involve the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of the business or for resale. In this situation, Rick is not only finding the best deal for the company, but also planning the quantity and delivery of the pie containers for Sugar Sweets. Pricing is a marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers’ perceptions of value. Distribution is a marketing function that involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
85. B
Inventory of supplies. All businesses need to maintain an inventory of supplies in order to produce goods and services for customers. Small businesses may only need office supplies while retailers also need supplies to wrap packages. Large manufacturing businesses need vast inventories of resources to produce products. Without an inventory of supplies, businesses will not be able to do even simple tasks. The result might be a loss of customers and a loss of income. Some businesses may need only one vendor rather than a list of vendors. Businesses do not need to maintain a schedule of accounts or copies of invoices to produce goods and services for customers.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2016). How to maintain inventory accuracy. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww. wikihow.com/Maintain-Inventory-Accuracy
86. B
Production. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services wanted by consumers. It takes raw materials and converts them into items people need or want to buy. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Distribution is responsible for moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Promotion communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
87. C
Trimming your nails. Showering or bathing, using a deodorant, and brushing your teeth are hygiene practices that you should develop as daily habits. Although you will want to keep your nails clean and trimmed, it is not a practice you need to perform daily.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
88. C
Realistic. Realistic goals are those that are possible to achieve with a reasonable amount of effort. Goals should be as specific as possible, since vague, general goals may not be motivational. The goal must be personal in order to be meaningful to the individual. It can be either short term or long term.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
89. A
Positioning. Innovation is the lifeblood of business, helping firms to stay competitive and to move forward. There are four specific types of innovation: product, process, positioning, and paradigm. Product innovation involves the development of totally new or improved products. Process innovation involves improving of some aspect of a process (e.g., manufacturing process). Positioning innovation involves identifying new, different ways to position a product or a company. LXT capitalized on positioning innovation by finding a different way to position its audio books in the marketplace. Paradigm innovation is a shift in the way of thinking that causes change.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
90. D
Objective. To solve problems, individuals need to be able to take an objective look at the situation and to identify the actual problem. They need to be open-minded and avoid jumping to conclusions. Being economical means knowing how to get the most from resources and would only be useful in dealing with financial problems. Being aggressive or judgmental could hinder the problem-solving process since these are both negative characteristics.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 77—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
91. A
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sick- leave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
92. B
Interests. A person must consider many personal factors when deciding which career to pursue. Personality traits are an individual's unique qualities and behavior. A person's ability refers to his/her capacity to perform a certain task or function. Interests are those things that a person enjoys doing. When determining the career in which he will be most happy and successful, Joseph must consider all of these factors. For example, if Joseph is very introverted, doesn't play the piano well, and doesn't like classical music, he probably should not pursue a career as a concert pianist. A technique is a method or way of doing something. An expression is a representation of something. An opportunity is a situation in which favorable circumstances present themselves. Because opportunities change frequently, these are not primary factors that a person should consider when determining which career to pursue.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Forbes. (2013, November 1). 9 questions that'll help you find your dream career. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avww.forbes.com/sites/dailymuse/201 3/1 1/01/9-questions-thatll-help-you-find-your-dream-career/#348e562923bb 93. C 
93. C
Business information management. Business information management is a career area in management and administration, along with administrative services, general management, human reSOURCE: management, and operations management. Professional selling is a career area in marketing. Insurance and accounting are career areas in finance.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
94. B
To locate unadvertised openings. Many businesses have employment offices that maintain lists of all available job openings. The businesses may not advertise all of these positions but rely on potential employees to contact the business to find out about the available openings. Some businesses list jobs on bulletin boards outside the employment office in order to make it convenient for interested persons to learn about openings. After a person applies for a job, an interview is scheduled if the business has an interest in hiring that person. Potential employees do not meet with department managers when they are searching for job openings. Contacting other applicants is not a reason for visiting a business's employment office.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 35]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
95. A
Listen attentively. Listening attentively during an employment interview is very important because it allows the applicant to completely understand questions before answering. Listening attentively also tells the interviewer that the applicant is sincerely interested in the job and wants to learn as much as possible in order to respond appropriately. Answering quickly, talking constantly, and speaking loudly might indicate that the applicant is nervous or unprepared for the interview rather than sincerely interested in the job.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Horan, R. (2015, August 20). The importance of active listening in interviews. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.linkedin.com/pulse/importance-active-listening- interviews-ruaidhri-horan
96. C
He should list his family job and volunteer work. Listing the work he has done for his father and his volunteer work will show the interviewer that Manuel is accustomed to carrying out certain responsibilities. This is a better choice than leaving out a section on work experience. The kind of job the individual would like to have would be included in the objectives section of the résumé. It would not be necessary, or appropriate, to explain that he hasn't had a real job, as the interviewer will see that at a glance.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2016). What do you put in the employment experience if you have no work experience? Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http://work.chron.com/put-employment-experience-work-experience-4108.html
97. B
Unpaid internships often lead to full-time paid positions. An internship is training in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job practice for learners. In many situations, businesses offer hard-working interns full-time paid positions after they finish school. Some companies pay interns and some do not. Some, but not all, internship programs provide job rotation opportunities; therefore, job rotation is not always the most important aspect of an internship.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Keppeler, T. (2016). What to expect from your internship. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.experience.com/alumnus/article ?channel_id=internships&source_page=homeé&article_id=article_1126286322537
98. B
Seniority. Seniority refers to the length of time an individual has been employed by a business. Those who have been employed the longest have the most seniority. When all other factors, such as ability and competence, are equal, businesses often promote on the basis of seniority. The feeling often is that a competent person who has been with the company for a long time is entitled to a promotion before a competent person who has less time on the job. It is illegal for businesses to promote employees based on their gender or age. Tenure is a status given to teachers after a certain amount of time that protects them from being dismissed.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2016, June 2). What seniority means at work. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from https:/Avww.thebalance.com/what-seniority-means-at-work-1919372
99. C
Maintain a consistent and fair work environment. A firm's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees’ behavior in the workplace. The purpose of the rules is to provide consistent behavior among employees, which facilitates a fair work environment. For example, suppose the business expects its employees to be at work by 8:00 a.m., and one employee consistently comes in late. If the late employee is not reprimanded for tardiness, it is not fair to the employees who are following the rules and being responsible. This can create more problems if the responsible employees who arrive on time must pick up the slack for the late employee. Rules of conduct do not ensure that employees are compensated in the same way, nor do the rules of conduct prevent conflict or reduce the need for professional development.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2016). Code of conduct in a workplace. Retrieved October 18, 2016, from http:/Avork.chron.com/code-conduct-workplace-6237.html
100. B
Controlling. Comparing the firm's performance with its plans should be an ongoing process. This not only shows the direction the business is taking but enables the business to correct small problems before they grow into big ones. Directing is the management function that provides guidance to workers so that they can help the business meet its goals. Organizing is deciding how the work required by an organization will be divided. Analyzing, or examining in a methodical way, is not a management function.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1160
Business Administration Core Exam
1. A
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. Sole proprietors finance their own businesses, run them, and are personally liable for all losses. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. A corporation is owned by stockholders, and a cooperative is owned by its members.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
Is the information in this SOURCE: up to date? It's important for Tyrone to find information that's recent. This isn't always important, but in a field like business, an article from 20 years ago probably won't be very beneficial. Although it's certainly helpful if the information is interesting and easy to read, it's not necessary. Likewise, relevant graphic aids might be nice, but Tyrone should be more concerned with the information he finds in the source. Tyrone should be looking for information that's factually correct; he shouldn't let his personal biases affect which sources he includes.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Johns Hopkins Sheridan Libraries. (2017, August 10). Evaluating information. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://guides.library.jhu.edu/c.php?g=202581&p=1334914
3. D
Achieve tasks. Business employees often are expected to apply written directions to achieve tasks, such as operating a new piece of office equipment. When applying written directions, it is effective to follow a step-by-step order to be able to perform the task correctly. Most written directions are explained in a step-by-step way because they must be performed in a certain order. Employees do not apply written directions to give commands, read materials, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 96-98]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
4. B
Pay close attention to the teacher while directions are being given. It's important to listen carefully while directions are being given. Emma should not avoid eye contact with her teacher. Eye contact lets the speaker know that you are paying attention. Emma should try not to interrupt her teacher while she is speaking. Instead, she should wait until all directions have been given and then ask for clarification if she needs it. Instead of getting a head start, Emma should listen to all directions before starting.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 192-193). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
5. C
Using a verbal acknowledgement response. In one-on-one or small group conversations like Megan's, a short verbal response lets the speaker know you are paying close attention. By saying things like, "I see," or "Uh-huh", you let the other person know that you're actively listening. Repeating critical information is another important active-listening skill that involves repeating things like phone numbers, names, or web addresses. When you paraphrase the message, you repeat what the other person said, but in your own words. When you collect all the information possible, you observe gestures, interpret body language, and listen to the person's tone of voice. All of these are important active-listening skills, but they aren't what Megan is doing in this example.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 321-338). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
6. C
Smiling broadly. Nonverbal communication uses body language to express feelings or opinions without words. A broad smile is an indicator of approval and/or agreement with what is happening or being said. All of the other alternatives are forms of body language that have a negative context.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 29-36). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
7. A
Crossed arms. Individuals communicate with those around them verbally as well as nonverbally. Nonverbal cues including facial expressions, eye contact, body language, tone of voice, and use of physical space communicate as much (or more) than a person's words. Nonverbal cues can express emotions, attitudes, rituals, etc. In North America, crossed arms often indicate defensiveness, although individuals may also cross their arms because they are cold, frightened, or cautious. Fingernail biting is typically a sign of nervousness. People often raise their eyebrows when they are surprised or are looking at something closely. When people put their hands behind their heads, they are indicating that they are comfortable and open to ideas.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 29-36). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
8. C
Place the good news at the beginning and the bad news in secondary position(s). Bad news stands out, and so while he needs to honestly share bad news, it should be handled with care or else it will eclipse the good news. To do this, good news should always be used at the beginning and be allocated more space than bad news. If a post-script is used, it should contain good news since it will be the last impression for the reader. Negative or bad information is not always urgent.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-36). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
9. B
Ask questions. When giving verbal directions, it is important to regularly ask questions to make sure the audience understands the directions. Asking if listeners understand a certain word or phrase will provide feedback that indicates understanding. Many times, listeners will not admit that they do not understand, and the only way to find out is to ask questions. Maintaining eye contact, using gestures, and explaining information are techniques for giving verbal directions. However, they will not indicate if the audience understands the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-36, 261). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
10. B
Socializing with close friends. Casual communication is generally used with family and friends and may include the use of slang. Slang is informal language mutually understood within a group. For example, you might refer to your friends as your "buds" (buddies) when speaking with your family. However, people outside your family and circle of friends may not understand what "bud" means. They might associate the word "bud" with a rose (bud) or leaf (bud). Formal communication is appropriate when meeting with a new customer, when interviewing for a job, or when you are being introduced to a new coworker. Formal communication involves using proper grammar and a respectful tone.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-36). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
11. A
Chronologically. Chronological order is a way of organizing that puts information in sequence according to time. When Hazel organizes her company's invoices from the earliest date to the most recent, she is organizing them chronologically. The invoices are not organized by order of importance or geographically. Deductive organizing begins with a general recommendation or statement, then includes information that backs it up.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Burke, A. (2015). Examples of methods of organization. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-methods-organization-18982.html
12. B
Purpose of the message. Effective written communications immediately explain the reason for the message. Readers may not take the time to read lengthy messages in search of their purpose. Businesspeople should explain the purpose quickly and in concise terms in order to make sure that the receiver will read the letter. The company's structure, goals, and purpose would not be explained immediately unless they were the purpose of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 173-181). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
13. B
Enhances the writer's credibility. When a writer takes the time to follow the appropriate writing style and cite sources in a preferred format, it indicates that the writer has taken care to present the facts and findings in a meaningful way. As a result, the writer often increases his/her credibility or trustworthiness with the audience. Using the appropriate writing style does not ensure the writer's objectivity, nor does it reduce the need to edit content. The primary purpose of a research report is to present facts, results, and recommendations rather than providing the writer with a creative outlet.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 399-400). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
14. A
An email requesting vendor pricing and discounts. An inquiry is a request for information. Businesses often send emails requesting information from other businesses. Some requests might include product pricing, membership eligibility, or shipping dates. A performance review, meeting agenda, and financial report provide business information. The information is not an inquiry unless someone asks for something.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
15. A
A phone call. Interactive communication goes two ways. There is a back-and-forth conversation involved, like on a phone call. Voice mails, letters, and reports are considered static communication because they do not involve interaction. If Penelope wants to use an interactive channel of communication, she should call her employees. She might also consider talking to them in person.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
16. C
Evaluate the solutions. Problem solving is the process of overcoming an obstacle. Because many tasks, activities, and multifunctional groups are necessary for advertising agencies to effectively service their clients, problems are bound to happen. Scheduling conflicts and production issues can affect other group members' work. When these obstacles occur, agency staff members may hold a problem-solving meeting. During the meeting, the group members define the problem, identify solutions, and then evaluate the solutions to determine the action that will best solve the problem. Once the group selects the best solution, the group implements an action plan to solve the problem. The group must gather information about the problem and identify and verify the cause of the problem before the members can effectively identify and evaluate the solutions.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 80-84). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
17. D
Customer. Positive relations with customers/clients are important to the success of the business. Customers provide the dollars that pay salaries and other operating expenses of a business. Supervisors and managers may be needed in any department. A wholesaler is a business that buys goods from producers or agents and sells them to retailers.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
18. B
By requesting input through employee and customer surveys. Service-oriented companies are generally committed to providing exceptional service levels. Service-oriented companies are always looking for ways to improve their service levels. Requesting feedback from employees and customers regarding service levels is one way businesses can evaluate and improve service. Testimonials are statements by identified users of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of a product. Distributing testimonials, evaluating product development procedures, and conducting a feasibility analysis are not methods that businesses generally use to improve their service levels.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 354-355). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. D
Research the culture and history of the people with whom you're doing business. Many things can differ from culture to culture gestures, idioms, values, holidays, etc. A gesture that's perfectly fine in your culture might be deeply offensive in another! To avoid problems and to show respect, it's best to do some research on the culture of the people with whom you're doing business. However, remember not to rely on stereotypes when communicating each person you talk to is an individual with his/her own personality. You shouldn't try to educate the other person about your culture learning about her/his culture shows respect, which is extremely important in most business dealings. Although you may be tempted to make a joke, avoid using humor. It's often culturally specific, so you risk not being understood or worse, offending someone. English is the preferred language of most businesses, but that doesn't mean everyone uses it. Again, it shows respect to learn at least a few key phrases in the other person's language.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (n.d.). Cross culture communication. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/Cross-Cultural-communication.htm
20. B
Reduce misunderstanding and ill will. Clear business policies that are consistently enforced reduce misunderstandings that often cause bad feelings. In this case, the second customer may resent being treated differently than Mrs. Garcia and decide to shop elsewhere. Business policies are used to guide employee actions, not customer actions. Business policies are intended to ensure that all customers are treated the same. Business policies are intended to provide fair and consistent treatment of customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 355-357). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. B
Touch points. A touch point is the point of contact between a business and its customers. Anytime a customer and business interact, whether in person or not, it's a chance for the business to reinforce its brand. A company's website, its newsletters, and its Facebook page are all touch points. Contact spots, brand interactions, and customer exchanges are not terms commonly used to refer to touch points.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006 Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
22. D
Industrial. Almost all producers must buy goods and services to carry out their daily activities. Specialty, shopping, and convenience goods and services are types of consumer goods and services. These are items which are used by the ultimate consumer to satisfy his/her own personal wants.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
23. B
A printing press purchased by a newspaper. Capital goods are defined as manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. The other alternatives would all be considered consumer goods, as they were purchased and used by persons to satisfy their own wants and needs.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
24. D
Increase. The law of supply and demand states that increased demand and reduced supply drive prices (in this case, interest is the price of borrowing money) up. As long as supply is low and demand is high, interest rates will not drop.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
25. D
Users. Businesses should offer the users of their products safe, quality products. The business is the provider of the product, and it is generally not held liable when the user of its product abuses the product in some way. People who endorse a product are recommending it to others.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
26. B
Speculative. Speculative risks are those that may result in a loss, no change, or a gain. A change in local conditions and government intervention could result in a loss, a gain, or no change. A pure risk is one that carries the possibility of loss or no loss. These examples are not always avoidable or unprofitable.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
27. C
Robinson-Patman Act. The Robinson-Patman Act prohibits price discrimination and states that all businesses purchasing similar amounts and types of products should be charged the same price. Because the two businesses purchase the same amount of merchandise, Alta is discriminating against Garland. The Clayton Act prevents specific business actions that might restrict competition such as exclusive agreements. There are no exclusive or tying agreements in this case. The Sherman Antitrust Act prevents monopolies from forming and hinders price fixing (all businesses charging the same price). There are no monopolies or price fixing involved in this case. The Celler-Kefauver Antimerger Act protects competitors from takeovers if the acquisition would hinder competition. There is no takeover situation in this case.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
28. D
Taxes. The government's main SOURCE: of revenue is from businesses and individuals in the form of different kinds of taxes. Businesses give government the income and social insurance taxes collected from employees and excise taxes collected from customers. Businesses pay tax directly to the government on their income and property. Raising or lowering interest rates is used to regulate the flow of money in our economy. Prices are the amounts of money paid for goods and services. Tariffs are taxes only on imported goods.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
29. B
Self-awareness. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others. To recognize your own emotions, you must be aware of what you are feeling at that particular time. For example, imagine that a friend says something that offends you. You may begin to frown, feel your face turning red, or feel your shoulders getting tense. When you notice these physical reactions, you know your feelings are changing at that particular time. Therefore, you are aware of your emotions. Selfcontrol means that you know that you don't need to respond in a way that your emotions are telling you, such as saying something rude in retaliation. When you recognize and manage your own emotions, you have the capability to identify tactics that will help you respond appropriately in social situations.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
30. B
To be fair and equitable. Prejudice and bias are roadblocks that get in the way of judging others fairly and equitably. Prejudice and bias involve having opinions or making judgments based on feelings or hearsay, rather than on fact. To be fair and equitable, it is important to judge others on the basis of fact. Avoiding prejudice and bias when judging others does not necessarily improve negotiation, enable one to be persuasive, or make it possible to communicate effectively.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139 Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
31. A
Identify one strength for every weakness. Although an important aspect of self-assessment is evaluating your weaknesses, obsessing over them will only discourage you. If you identify one strength for every weakness, you will have a more accurate, realistic assessment of yourself. Comparing yourself to others and making false generalizations may also hinder your ability to accurately assess yourself. Asking others for both positive and negative feedback is an important aspect of the self-assessment process, but it is counter-productive to obsess over the negative feedback.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
32. D
Personal achievement. The traits of interest and enthusiasm help individuals to show self-confidence and maturity, to cope with problems, to improve relationships, to improve job performance, and thus to realize greater levels of personal achievement. Whether the individual receives recognition for these traits would depend upon the person's circumstances. Emotional instability would not necessarily be caused by interest or enthusiasm, unless these traits are carried to extremes. Personal integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012) Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 181-186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
33. B
Initiative. Initiative is defined as the willingness to act without having to be told to do so, or the willingness to accept or seek additional or unpleasant duties. The employee who offers to help another is showing initiative by seeking additional duties. Empathy means the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness is behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Honesty is truthfulness.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-002 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
34. D
Compassion. Compassion for others is an essential element of responsible behavior. Part of compassion is treating others with kindness and respect, even if they are different from you. Hopefulness, decisiveness, and positivity are all wonderful traits, but they are not essential elements of responsible behavior.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
35. D
Open-minded. Being open-minded means you are free from biases and judgment. When someone is open-minded, s/he considers all points of view and weighs information without preconceptions. In this case, Nolan does not allow his point of view to stop him from carefully considering others' ideas. This situation does not demonstrate that Nolan is empathetic, reliable, or generous.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
36. C
An employee's decisions and actions can negatively impact others. If Porter had immediately called the shipping department to stop the incorrect order from being shipped, then the customer would not be burdened with the task of returning the item, and the company would not need to pay extra charges to return the product. Customers' satisfaction levels tend to decrease when they receive the incorrect products, and unnecessary return charges hurt the company's bottom line. Therefore, Porter's decision to wait to take action negatively impacts both the customer and the company. Many routine problems can be resolved without involving supervisors. Porter's lapse of judgment in one situation does not mean that he does not have the ability to perform his job well. Customers react differently to problems and inconveniences; therefore, it cannot be assumed that most customers will become very angry over simple mistakes some of them may become slightly annoyed.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
37. B
Trust. Trust occurs when someone is able to rely on you. If you can rely on your boss to answer your questions and treat all of your coworkers fairly, this means that you trust your boss. You do not necessarily have to support, like, or resemble your boss to trust her/him.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128 Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
38. B
Desire to prove yourself. The desire to look good at work or at school can lead to ethical dilemmas. If, for example, you want to prove yourself at school, you may be tempted to cheat on your tests. This is not an example of being influenced by conflicting values, pressure from others, or bad role models.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124 What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
39. C
Interpersonal relationships. Self-control is restraint of your feelings, words, and actions. It helps you to be successful in your interpersonal relationships because it helps you to avoid making angry or insulting remarks that might offend others. None of the other alternatives would be part of this situation. Goal setting is establishing an objective to be reached. Job enrichment gives more meaning to a job in order to increase employee motivation. Operational changes are changes in the way a business is set up or operates.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
40. C
Businesses. Associations with colors are especially important cultural issues for businesses. When a company does international business, it must be careful to consider the connotations of the colors it uses on packaging, labels, etc., in the cultures that will be affected. Associations with colors tend to be less important issues for individuals, families, or travelers.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-011 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
41. B
Worthwhile. In order to be assertive, you must consider yourself to be a worthwhile person who is worthy of self-respect, as well as respect from others. It would be egotistical and possibly aggressive to think of yourself as superior or enviable. Considering yourself inferior would be negative and self-defeating.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
42. C
Disagreement is not handled well. People often feel the negative effects of conflict when disagreements are not handled well. Some of the negative effects include frustration, distrust, broken relationships, health problems, and physical violence. The yielding conflict response mode is a type of reaction to a disagreement. It occurs when one person lets the other person have what s/he wants. It is often used when an issue is not very important. Problem solving is also a conflict response mode. It is a reaction to a disagreement in which a person works to come up with a resolution that is satisfactory for everyone involved in the conflict. Yielding and problem solving response modes are not reactions that are most likely to cause frustration or health problems for an individual. A functional conflict is a type of disagreement about something tangible or concrete. The type of conflict (e.g., functional) does not necessarily cause any more frustration or health problems than other types of conflict (e.g., emotional).
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
43. D
Accountability. When you share accountability with your team, cooperation increases. Nobody is at risk of being singled out as a failure, and team members are equally accountable in both positive and negative situations. Competition isn't likely to increase if you and your teammates cooperate with each other. Instead, you should be working together towards a goal. Innovation is one of the many advantages of working as a team, but it isn't necessarily related to accountability. Reflection is an important quality for a good team member to have because it helps you learn from your mistakes. It isn't related to cooperation, though.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045 Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
44. C
Better, easier decision-making. Ethical behavior makes it easier to make good decisions. Ethical behavior does not decrease organizational productivity; rather, it increases productivity. Ethical behavior also improves relationships with customers rather than making them tense. Finally, ethical behavior decreases risk of legal trouble rather than increases it.
SOURCE: EI:132
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132 Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)
45. B
Contingency. A contingency plan is an alternate course of action. Keegan is being adaptable because he's willing to consider doing something in a different way. Objective, corrective, and learning are not terms that are commonly used to describe a plan for an alternate course of action.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
46. B
Not being satisfied with current performance. Carmen is not satisfied with her current performance. She won't be happy unless she can achieve an improvement on her accuracy rating next year. In this scenario, Carmen is not taking a moderate risk, demonstrating leadership, or desiring feedback.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-010 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. D
Explain how the change will benefit them. A change leader is a person who has the ability to guide others and persuade them to alter their opinions or actions. Because some individuals have a difficult time accepting and making changes, change leaders must be able to explain how a change will actually benefit them. By doing so, the change leader has a better chance of persuading others that a new idea, process, or action will improve a situation. Telling others that there is a better way of doing things (even if it is true) might put them on the defensive and make them more resistant to change. Giving others as little information as possible may make you appear like you are being dishonest, which may hinder your ability to persuade others because they won't trust you. In many situations, facts and statistics aren't necessary or relevant to the proposed change.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022 Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
48. D
Involves being receptive to feedback. Team leaders enlisting others in working toward a shared vision must remember that communication involves being receptive to feedback as well as conveying the vision to team members. It's a two-way street. Communication is very important in a team setting, but not necessarily more important than collaboration.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. B
Increased employee loyalty. There are many benefits of practicing effective human relations skills at work, such as increased employee loyalty. Other advantages include increased cooperation from others, increased productivity, a pleasant working environment, increased customer loyalty, and reduced employee absenteeism.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
50. A
Respect. Ethical people respect other people's opinions they don't start an argument or insult someone just because they don't agree. Showing respect means listening to others when they speak. This is not an example of integrity, transparency, or trust.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules to Live By (Nature of Ethics)
51. A
When Naomi purchased office supplies, she presented the cashier with a card that automatically withdrew funds from her business's checking account. A debit card is a common method of payment for goods and services. Issued by financial institutions (e.g., banks), a cardholder scans the card into a machine at the point of sale. The information is transmitted to the appropriate location, and the funds are electronically transferred from the cardholder's checking or savings account to the seller's account. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. Individuals and businesses can obtain the goods and services that they need right away, such as airline tickets, and then pay for the tickets when they receive their statements from their lending institutions. Some businesses offer membership or customer-loyalty cards, which provide their members or customers with product discounts. Gift cards are store-issued vouchers that a gift giver can purchase for another person to use to buy the store's products.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 365-369). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. D
Value. Money is the most common medium of exchange in society. People exchange money for goods and services that they want. The price, or the amount of money a person is willing to pay for the product, communicates the product's value or worth. Income is money reSOURCE: owners receive for supplying goods and services. Market is a customer or potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. Attributes are a product's characteristics.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 365-369). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. C
Truth-in-Lending Act. The Truth-in-Lending Act requires businesses to provide credit customers with all the information that applies to their accounts and send customers regularly updated statements showing the status of their accounts. The purpose of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act is to make the granting of credit fair by prohibiting the denial of credit based on the applicant's gender, race, age, marital status, or national origin. The Fair Credit Billing Act requires businesses that extend credit to respond within 30 days to any customer's complaint or inquiry about a billing error. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act gives consumers the right to inspect the files of their credit history at any credit agency and to have any mistakes corrected.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. C
The balance of the loan owed. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person co-sign for the loan. A co-signer is responsible for paying back the loan if the borrower does not. The co-signer is legally responsible for paying the balance of the loan owed, including interest and principle. If the original loan was $5,000 plus interest, and the borrower defaulted after paying half of the loan, the co-signer would be responsible for paying the remaining half of the loan.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 524-528]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
55. B
Saving for retirement. Long-term goals, such as saving for retirement, take longer than a couple of years to achieve. Buying a used car, saving for an annual vacation, and creating an emergency fund should all take less than two years and are known as short-term financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Capital One. (2017). Savings basics - Setting short-term and long-term savings goals. Retrieved September 27, 2017, from http://www.capitalone.com/financial-education/savingsand-investing/savings/short-and-long-term-goals/
56. A
Specific. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. To accomplish financial goals, they must be specific, realistic (attainable), results-oriented, and time-bound. Financial goals are not general or durable, and they do not need to be conservative.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 41-45]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson
57. A
Net pay. The net pay is the amount of money Althea will actually receive after all her withholdings have been taken out. This is the money that will be deposited in her bank account. The gross pay is the amount she earns before her withholdings are taken out. Federal income tax and state tax are money that Althea owes to the government.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Clearpoint. (2017). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.clearpointcreditcounselingsolutions.org/how-to-read-your-pay-stub/
58. A
Back of the check. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the payer (check source) to the payee (check recipient). The payer completes the front of the check, which includes the "Signature" line and the "Pay to the order of" line, which identifies who can cash the check usually the payee. The memo line is used to identify the purpose of the check.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 227229]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
59. B
Buy more with his card than he can afford. If Jeff does this, he will be headed toward mounting credit card debt. He should pay his bill on time to build good credit. Thinking of his card as a loan and tracking his spending habits will keep him from overspending.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: College Board. (2017). How to use credit cards wisely. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://bigfuture.collegeboard.org/pay-for-college/paying-your-share/how-to-use-credit-cardswisely
60. A
Use unusual passwords rather than your birth date to access your bank accounts. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g., credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. Identity theft can occur even when you take precautions. To reduce the risk of identity theft, use unusual passwords to access your personal bank accounts rather than common information such as your birth date. To further prevent identity theft, do not place your Social Security number or social insurance number on unnecessary documents. Many people do not have passports. Paying with cash is not always a good idea because cancelled bank checks serve as a receipt for payments. If you pay your bills by sending cash, the envelope may get lost, and you have no record of making the payment. In addition, using credit cards wisely can help you build a good credit report, which will help you obtain loans for expensive items (e.g., car) in the future.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 304-305]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
61. A
Credit union. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members, who are also the owners of the credit union. Although many credit unions are tied to a particular business or labor union, some are not affiliated with any certain entity or organization. Commercial banks, insurance companies, and savings and loan associations are not user-owned, and they typically are for-profit financial institutions. A commercial bank is a full-service bank offering a variety of banking services including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards. While an insurance company may offer some banking services, it is likely to focus on the sale of insurance policies to individuals and businesses. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers, most of which are for real estate purchases.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 143-146]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
62. A
The rate of return doesn't keep up with inflation. Savings accounts earn low rates of return usually not even enough to keep up with inflation. This causes the investor's money to lose buying power. Savings accounts do not require a minimum balance or incur penalties for withdrawing money early. Savings accounts are very low-risk investments, especially since they are insured by the FDIC.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. A
Language. Financial information is not useful if it does not contain understandable formatting and language. It is often not necessary for readers to understand each footnote in a financial report. People use financial information to analyze potential investments, but the information itself does not have to come in the form of an analysis. It does not have to include recommendations to be understandable.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. C
Assets minus liabilities should equal owner's equity. The balance sheet gets its name from the fact that the figures it presents must balance each other. When the business subtracts what it owes (liabilities) from what it owns (assets), the result should be the same as the owner's equity. This is the total net worth of the business. Income, expenses, and net profit are all found on an income statement.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. D
Equity. Assets a company already owns and can use to finance a new venture are known as equity. Aisha's using equity when she purchases new ovens with money she already has saved up. Dividends are sums of money paid to investors or stockholders as earnings on investments. Debt refers to taking out a loan from a bank or other lending institution. Since Aisha already has her money, she doesn't have to go into debt to buy the new ovens. Accounts receivable refers to all the money owed to the business by others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. C
Repossession. When a borrower defaults (fails to pay for an extended period of time) on his/her loan, the lender in this case, Tommy's bank may choose to claim the collateral Tommy's car that was used to secure the loan. Tommy will no longer be expected to pay on the loan, but he also will no longer have his vehicle. Foreclosure is similar to repossession, but the term is used strictly to refer to the seizure of a mortgaged property, usually a house or other type of real estate. Forbearance is an agreement between a mortgagee and a mortgager to delay foreclosure proceedings. A debt consolidation involves taking out a new loan to pay off multiple other loans and debts.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Consumer information: Vehicle repossession. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0144-vehicle-repossession
67. A
To gain constructive suggestions for improvement. Exit interviews are discussions with employees who are leaving that are designed to gain feedback for the business. Exit interviews aim to gauge employee attitudes about a company (not outside issues or competition), and gain constructive suggestions for improvement. They are not designed to negotiate compensation and benefits this would take place with a new employee, not one who is leaving.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. D
Buyer's. The buyer's point of view matters most because the marketing concept says that the customer's point of view is the starting point for marketing decision-making. The seller's, planner's, and marketer's points of view can be distinctly different from the buyer's and are not used to begin the marketing process.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. D
Obtain employees' input. Because employees perform the work, they know what types of information they need to complete their tasks efficiently. Employees often have ideas about improving work processes and retrieving needed information. Upgrading the computer network, developing a production schedule, and revising business goals will not help businesses assess their information needs.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (2010, June 8). How to identify business IT needs. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/identify-business-needs-351.html
70. B
Presentation. Presentation is the way in which the information is communicated. It addresses such factors as clarity of language used, sufficiency of font size, clarity of layout, effectiveness of colors, usefulness of graphics or photos, clarity of audio or video (if included), and helpfulness of any animation used. Presentation is particularly important on the Web since so much time is spent reading online. Relevance deals with whether the information pertains to the topic being researched. Objectivity deals with presenting unbiased information. Timeliness deals with how up to date the information is; however, the importance of timeliness will vary from topic to topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Kent State University Libraries. (2017). Criteria for evaluating web resources. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.library.kent.edu/criteria-evaluating-web-resources
71. C
Using a quotation to communicate product information. In this situation, the quotation provides the reader with information about the product's purpose to help students learn in new ways. The CEO may have made the statement at a sales meeting, but there is not enough information provided to determine when or where she said it. Because the statement is placed in quotation marks, it is written exactly as it was spoken, rather than paraphrased. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. The statement does not provide any information about the product's features, nor does it provide enough information to determine if the CEO has actually used the new product to provide a testimonial.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Harris, R. (2012, November 27). Using quotations effectively. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.virtualsalt.com/quotehlp.htm
72. B
Data. Information is data (facts and figures) put into a useful form. Technology can assist in managing data, but it does not create it. Accounting records and personnel files contain information but do not create it.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
73. D
Customer relationship management (CRM). A variety of computer software helps businesses streamline their business processes and increase their efficiency levels. CRM software organizes and stores information about the business's customers and prospective customers. The software facilitates the business's ability to build ongoing relationships with their customers. A business's manufacturing or production functions use materials requirements planning (MRP) software. Computer-aided engineering (CAE) software is useful for product development. Businesses use automated clearinghouse (ACH) software for financial purposes, particularly banking activities.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
74. A
Information. An information system is a set of components (including hardware, software, databases, and human resources) that collects, processes, and interprets information. Word-of-mouth is promotion for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. This is not an email system.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Zwass, V. (2016, February 10). Information system. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.britannica.com/topic/information-system
75. B
Operating system. The operating system consists of the basic components (i.e., central processing unit, hard drive, modem, keyboard, display screens) needed to run all of a computer's applications and programs. Without the operating system intact, computer users cannot connect to the Internet, conduct a query through an Internet search-engine, or use a software program's task toolbar.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2017). Operating system. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.webopedia.com/term/o/operating_system.html
76. B
Portable. Smartphones and laptops have many useful applications including wireless telephone and Internet access, GPS functions, and digital camera capabilities. Businesspeople can use the portable devices to conduct many business activities while they are away from their offices, such as checking and answering email; making and retrieving telephone calls; verifying inventory availability; placing orders for customers; scheduling meetings, etc. The advantage to these devices is that they are small and portable they can be taken virtually anywhere. The devices and the fees to use their applications can be expensive, depending on the service plan the user purchases. Smartphones and laptops are not indestructible and may break if they are misused. People, rather than technical devices, are responsible.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Bellissimo-Magrin, M. (2016, November 13). Smartphones have changed the way we do business. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.theceomagazine.com/business/smartphones-changed-way-business/
77. D
Word processing. Most word-processing software programs contain a thesaurus, which is a listing of words and their synonyms. This feature enables users to look up alternative words that have the same meaning. The thesaurus helps business employees to prepare accurate written documents and use words that exactly describe or explain the message. Communications programs allow computers to communicate with other computers. Graphics and design software is used to create artwork and drawings rather than text. Presentation software is used to create multimedia presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. A
The same criteria. The query is the mechanism used to obtain the desired information from the database. The desired information involves pulling records that have the same or matching criteria. For example, a business that wants to obtain its customers' credit transactions from the state of Wisconsin for July 1, 2009 would set the query using the appropriate values for the credit, state, and date fields to pull all of the records with the desired information. Some of the other information in various database fields may differ or be dissimilar, such as the name and address of each customer. A query pulls specified information rather than random statistics.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2016, November 29). What is a database? Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-a-database-1019737
79. C
Database sharing. Groupware applications refer to the modes that employees who work in different locations use to work together or collaborate so they can accomplish a common goal. One mode of collaboration is sharing a database that links or networks several people via computer. For example, when both a sales representative and a warehouse manager have the ability to turn on their computers and access the same inventory status information to see if a product is in stock for a customer, they are using a groupware application. Email filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information. Job rotation is an instructional method in which trainees are rotated periodically from one job to another in order to broaden the trainees' perspective of the business. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses spend time with current and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Pinola, M. (2017, August 22). What is groupware? Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-groupware-2377429
80. C
Logistics. Logistics refers to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. This includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing and transporting goods. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Safety and security has to do with protecting customers and employees from hazardous materials and processes. Maintenance and repairs has to do with keeping facilities and equipment in working order.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. D
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: HG.org. (1996-2017). Workplace safety law. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.hg.org/workplace-safety-law.html
82. D
Computer hackers. Firewall hardware and software reduce risks associated with computer hacking. Computer hacking is the illegal practice of accessing computer data (e.g., customers' credit card numbers) without authorization for fraudulent purposes. Binary is a technical term that describes a twodigit numerical system that computers use to store data. A web ring is a method used to link related web sites. Frugging is a practice in which marketers deliberately mislead consumers by stating that they are collecting marketing research, when they are really soliciting donations. Lodging facilities do not install Internet firewalls to protect their confidential information from binary users, frugging activities, or web rings.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Kurtz, D.L. (2009). Contemporary business (12th ed.) [pp. 502-506]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
83. B
An unsafe work area. The display creates an unsafe traffic pattern in the business. No indication was given that the display uses electricity or has a problem with frayed electrical cords with exposed wires, overloaded electrical outlets, or electrical appliances that come in contact with water. Personal habits that create safety problems include carelessness, being tired, and using alcohol and drugs. Horsing around involves running, jumping, wrestling, or showing off at work.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: SafetyLine. (2017, June 29). Are you aware of these 6 types of workplace hazards? Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://safetylineloneworker.com/blog/workplacehazards/
84. C
Lost income. Accidents are costly to both employers and employees. One way that accidents are costly to employees involves missing work and losing income. Some workers may be temporarily or permanently disabled and lose income for a long period of time or have their income drastically reduced. Expensive repairs, lost production, and decreased sales are ways that accidents are costly to employers.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Tabeling, S. (2010, December 1). Safety committees: Their role in preventing employee accidents in hotels and resorts. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://digitalscholarship.unlv.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1659&context=thesesdissertatio ns
85. B
Bomb threat. Emergency situations usually occur unexpectedly. Therefore, business employees should know how to handle and report them even if it is unlikely they will occur. An example of an emergency situation is a bomb threat. Although most businesses will never have a bomb threat, employees should know what to do to be prepared if it happens. Civil disorder usually involves widespread rioting. Not all employees handle checks or security issues such as identity theft in the workplace.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Department of Public Safety. (2017). Active shooter/workplace violence. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://publicsafety.med.miami.edu/emergencies-what-to-do/emergency-active-shooter
86. B
Beginning and end. Projects are temporary, which means that they have a definite beginning and end. Projects include outcomes, quality, and process groups, but the definition of temporary does not relate to these terms.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: Project Management Institute Educational Foundation. (2012, August 29). Project Management Skills for Life®. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://pmief.org/library/resources/project-management-skills-for-life
87. A
The business can get better prices and services for quantity purchases. A centralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Combining small, individual purchases into orders of significantly larger quantities is usually cost effective for the purchaser. Centralized purchasing is efficient for businesses with one location rather than several. Centralized purchasing may also be beneficial to vendors, but that is not an advantage to the business.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
88. D
Unit. Unit production is the production of one item at a time or items in small quantities. It is used for such items as custom-tailored suits, prescription glasses, and income tax returns. Batch production is the production of items in specific amounts. Mass production is the production of a few products in large quantities.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
89. D
Lower costs. Optimized supply chains lower costs by eliminating unnecessary transactions and suppliers. Increasing suppliers and increasing inventory are not goals linked to an optimized supply chain and would most likely have a negative effect. Supply chain does not attempt to eliminate defects; instead, it tries to streamline processes and lower costs for the company.
SOURCE: OP:443
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, July 17). Supply chain. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supplychain.asp
90. D
The "brand" that will help you sell yourself to others. Successfully marketed goods are packaged in such a way that they sell easily. The packaging demonstrates a product's value and quality. Similarly, as you "package" yourself through developing an appropriate personal appearance, you will demonstrate your value and worth. Your appropriate personal appearance will be a factor that leads to your overall success. Although what's on the inside (including such things as knowledge, skills, values, and integrity) is important, an inappropriate personal appearance can mask important qualities and abilities you possess. Maintaining an appropriate personal appearance does not have to be costly but requires sensible habits and choices in personal health, hygiene, and grooming.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: LAP-PD-005 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
91. B
Reviewing and updating your goal. The basics of goal setting include choosing your goal, writing your goal down, breaking your goal down, visualizing your goal, and reviewing and updating your goal. Along the way, you may wish to achieve your goal, share it with others, or even defend it from criticism, but none of these is a basic of goal setting.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. C
Problems come in all shapes and sizes. Some problems are minor inconveniences, while others are lifechanging events. While it is wise to seek assistance to solve serious, complicated problems, you can handle small problems like spilling a glass of milk on your own. While it would be great to plan for every problem in advance, it's simply not possible. There are some problems that no amount of planning can prepare you for entirely. Problems are sometimes referred to as situations where things are not going your way.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077 No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
93. A
Right to a safe work environment. Laws that protect employees from bullying and harassment are addressed in legislation that relates to employees' right to a safe and non-hostile work environment. The right to complain without retaliation is addressed in whistleblower laws. Employees' rights to organize and bargain collectively are protected in the Wagner Act and many other laws in the United States. Employees' right to nondiscriminatory promotion practices are protected in a variety of laws dealing with equal employment opportunities and discrimination.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Inc.com. (2015, September 28). Employee rights. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/employee-rights.html
94. A
Natural talent. Aptitudes are natural talents or abilities for learning specific skills. People usually consider their natural talents when identifying occupations, because their abilities are an indication of what type of work they will be able to do the best and enjoy the most. For example, a person with good hand skills who has the ability to attractively combine colors and materials might consider a career in design or visual merchandising. Mental health is a person's soundness of mind. Personal conduct is the way a person behaves. Social attitude is a person's point of view about society.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Weedmark, D. (2012, November 18). How to find a job using your talents. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://work.chron.com/job-using-talents-13361.html
95. A
Friends. Letting friends and acquaintances know that you are looking for a job is one of the most effective methods of locating job leads. These people often will be willing to pass on information about new openings, resignations, and retirements they learn about. Retirees, nonworkers, and minors usually are out of the mainstream of the employment scene and would not have information concerning job leads.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bolles, R. (2017). The 14 ways to look for a job. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.jobdig.com/articles/571/The_14_Ways_to_Look_for_a_Job_.html
96. B
Follow-up letter. After a job interview, it is important to send a follow-up letter to the interviewer. The letter thanks the interviewer for his/her time and reinforces the applicant's interest in the position. Also, a function of a follow-up letter is to offer to provide additional information. In some situations, an interviewer may decide that more information is necessary to make a hiring decision and will contact the applicants who have indicated that they are willing to provide that information. It is more appropriate to send a follow-up letter than to place a telephone call after a job interview. The job applicant should not send a handwritten note. Email letters are becoming more common after job interviews, but they do not ask questions, which would require the interviewer to respond.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [p. 375]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
97. B
Education, work experience, and contact information. Every résumé should include the job applicant's education, work experience, and contact information. References are often listed on a separate document. Personal goals, personal interests, and political affiliation are not necessary elements to include on a résumé.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 80). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
98. D
Continue their education. Employees need to continue learning and improving their skills in order to keep up with changes in technology. For example, many businesses are replacing existing equipment with advanced models that are more complex or perform more operations. Employees need to be willing to learn the skills necessary to operate advanced equipment because their former skills are obsolete. Employees should not change jobs frequently. Modifying personal behavior will not necessarily prevent employees' skills from becoming obsolete unless they also continue their education. Many employees are responsible for performing specific tasks and are not able to delegate that responsibility to others.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Cohen, I. (2015, July 9). Benefits of continuing education for everyone. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/benefits-continuing-education-everyone-iancohen/
99. C
Following a company policy. Policies are a company's general rules. Companies want their employees to be able to focus on their work without distractions, so they often develop policies regarding personal cellphone use in the workplace. Companies may ask employees to turn off the ringers on their phones and request that personal phone calls be made or taken on their breaks in certain locations (e.g., employee break room). There is not enough information provided to determine if Alicia is respecting her coworkers' privacy, performing her work efficiently, or exhibiting a positive attitude.
SOURCE: PD:250
SOURCE: Feigenbaum, E. (2010, July 28) Employer policy & procedures for personal cell phone use. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/employer-policyprocedures-personal-cell-phone-use-4732.html
100. D
Bob Crawley, the accounting manager. The chain of command is the flow of authority within an organization. Levels of authority are often determined by the business function. In the example, Tim works as an accounts-receivable clerk in the accounting department; therefore, his direct manager is most likely the accounting manager. If Tim is having issues that affect his ability to perform his work, he would most likely talk with Bob Crawley. The accounting manager is likely to speak with the IT manager to get the computer problem resolved. Bob Crawley is most likely to report to the controller or perhaps the vice president of finance, Cynthia Sanford. The accounts-payable clerk and the payroll specialist are Tim's coworkers. It is likely that Samantha and Juan report directly to the accounting manager, Bob Crawley.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Myers, K. (2014, January 16). Respecting the chain of command - Like a pro. Retrieved September 26, 2017, from http://www.simonstapleton.com/wordpress/2014/01/16/respectingthe-chain-of-command/
Test 1181
Business Administration Core Exam
1. D
Sole proprietorship. This is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by only one person, and that person receives any profits made by the business. A merger is the absorption of one company by another rather than a type of business ownership. A partnership is owned by two or more people, and profits would be split between them. A corporation is owned by people who own stock in the business, and they split the profits.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. B
A bibliography. Citing sources verifies that a website is using accurate information in the same manner that citing sources in a written report confirms accuracy. A table of contents simply shows what is included in the site. It doesn't confirm the accuracy of the contents. A professional look to a website only confirms that the site is designed by a good designer. It does not guarantee that any of the content is accurate. While a recently updated website confirms that information is timely, it does not confirm that the information is accurate. Opinions expressed yesterday by one person are not necessarily accurate, even though they may be current.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: University of Wisconsin Green Bay. (2018, April 2). How can I tell if a website is credible? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://uknowit.uwgb.edu/page.php?id=30276
3. D
Read step one and then perform step one. Repeat this process in sequential order until all of the steps are completed and you have removed the paper. When assembling or fixing equipment, it is usually easier to understand directions by reading the step, performing the step, and then moving on to the next step in the sequence. By doing so, you are less likely to hurt yourself or the machine. You are more likely to make mistakes (and more likely to hurt yourself or the machine) if you briefly skim the manual, read the manual before performing the steps, perform the steps in reverse order, or perform the step before reading the instructions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Classroom. (2017, March 31). How to follow written instructions. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://classroom.synonym.com/follow-written-instructions-2251998.html
4. D
Make comments such as es or I see occasionally. When someone talks to you, nod and make short comments such as es or I see occasionall . B doing so, ou signal that ou are listening to the speaker and hearing what s/he has to say. And, when you nod and make short comments, you show your support and encouragement for the speaker. It is very rude to interrupt the speaker to debate what s/he has said. It is not necessary to clap as the speaker makes each of her/his main points. Rather than not making any noise while the speaker is talking, you should limit yourself to short comments.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Grohol, J. (2018, April 12). Become a better listener: Active listening. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://psychcentral.com/lib/become-a-better-listener-active-listening/
5. A
Past experiences. People often think they know what someone is going to say before s/he says it and as a result do not listen well. People's past experiences may influence how well they listen because they think they already know the answer or understand the explanation. Effective listeners try to block out past experiences and focus on what the speaker is saying. Age differences, attention span, and language skills are other factors that may affect how well people listen, but they do not apply to this scenario.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: University of Minnesota Libraries. (2016, September 29). 5.2 Barriers to effective listening. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://open.lib.umn.edu/communication/chapter/5-2barriers-to-effective-listening/
6. A
Tone of voice. People can change the meaning of their words by changing their tone of voice. For example, the same words can be a request or a command depending upon the tone used to deliver them. Tempo is the rate of speed or rhythm the speaker uses. Economy of speech is using as few words as possible to express an idea. Accuracy refers to the correctness of the message.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: SocialMettle. (2018, September 11). Learn to express yourself with good verbal communication skills. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://socialmettle.com/verbalcommunication-skills
7. A
Anger. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that use gestures and facial expressions rather than words. Nonverbal behavior can indicate what the sender and/or the receiver think about a message. If the recipient responds to a message by frowning and clenching his/her fists, it is likely that the message has made the recipient angry. Message recipients might cry or cover their faces with their hands if the message contains sad news. Smiling and jumping up and down usually indicate that a message contains good news, which causes joy. Message recipients might express nervousness by tapping their toes, shaking, twitching, or biting their fingernails.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Reid, M. (2017, November 21). Nonverbal signs of anger. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://classroom.synonym.com/nonverbal-signs-anger-15253.html
8. B
Giving directions out of order. Directions should be given in the order that tasks should be completed. By giving directions out of order, Ashley risks confusing Laia or causing her to forget some of the directions. Ashley's directions are not challenging, and she isn't using big words. Ashley isn't using negative language.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Tower, D. (2008-2014). How to give instructions in English. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.helping-you-learn-english.com/how-to-give-instructions.html
9. C
Critical feedback. When employees present their ideas to management or coworkers, they should be prepared to defend those ideas and provide supporting information. They also should be willing to accept critical feedback because others might not agree with the ideas or have different opinions. Being prepared will help employees remain objective and be able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. Critical feedback is often useful because it allows employees to view their ideas from a different perspective. Defending ideas usually does not involve accepting additional responsibility or nonverbal support. It is not acceptable to attack employees on a personal level because of their ideas.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Baldoni, J. (2010, April 22). Defend your idea without being defensive. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://hbr.org/2010/04/defend-yourself-without-being
10. C
Thank the caller. Answering the telephone and taking messages for coworkers is often part of an employee's everyday routine. It is important for the employee to properly handle the call, and this involves thanking the caller. In many cases, the caller is a customer who is leaving an important message. Therefore, the person taking the call should always thank the caller for contacting the business. The employee taking the message should obtain the necessary information, but does not need to write a detailed explanation or write an inquiry. It is usually not necessary to contact a supervisor unless there is a problem that must be addressed immediately. It is not appropriate to file the information.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2018). Basic business telephone skills. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://content.moneyinstructor.com/1543/telephoneskills.html
11. C
Organize information. Organizing information helps you communicate your message to your audience in a meaningful way. One way to organize information is to write down key points on notecards (index cards). Then, you can place the cards in the order of their importance or categories. The advantage to using notecards to organize information is that you can move them around and reorganize as needed. When you have the information in the order that you want it in, you can efficiently write an outline, report, manual, or article, or prepare a presentation. Placing key points on notecards and placing the cards in a certain order will not help you access files, revise facts, or verify the information's accuracy.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: A Research Guide for Students. (2017, August 28). How to write a research paper. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.aresearchguide.com/1steps.html
12. B
A pie chart. Pie charts are the best way to show how categories make up the whole. For example, a pie chart could help you illustrate how your budget is allocated to the different departments in your company. It would not be as effective to use a bar graph, a line graph, or a table to show this information.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: National Center for Education Statistics. (n.d.). How to choose which type of graph to use? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://nces.ed.gov/nceskids/help/user_guide/graph/whentouse.asp
13. C
Work to understand what the communication means. Effective written communication presents information in a clear, easy-to-read style so that readers do not have to try to figure out what the communication is all about. Readers should be able to grasp the communication's message in a minimum amount of reading time. Written communication should follow a logical train of thought, and readers should be able to find the information they need within the communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Writing skills. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/WritingSkills.htm
14. C
Proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors. Although many people view email as an informal method of communication, it is a vital communication tool in today's business world. Therefore, it is important to maintain a professional tone when developing business-related emails. The text in a professional email should contain proper grammar and correct spelling. To ensure that the message does not contain spelling and grammatical errors, the businessperson should proofread the message and make necessary corrections before sending the message to the intended receiver. Only the most critical email messages should be sent as high priority messages. Capitalizing all of the letters in the text often implies an angry tone, so this practice should be avoided. Although the subject line should be brief, it should contain enough information for the message recipient to determine the message content. If the subject line is too vague, the recipient may delete the message before reading it.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (1993-2018). Netiquette rules. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://writing.colostate.edu/guides/page.cfm?pageid=1498&guideid=74
15. C
A print advertisement. Informational messages involve communicating data, facts, or knowledge to a message receiver. Print advertisements communicate information about a business's products to customers or potential customers, which are external audiences. An employee handbook, an inventory report, and an office calendar are types of information provided to the business's employees, who are an internal audience.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (2018, June 30). Examples of external communications in the workplace. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-externalcommunications-workplace-10949.html
16. C
A customer has complained about the service s/he received. This kind of complaint is the type of information that should be shared with all staff right away since it could affect the entire company. In addition, all staff should be reminded of company policy in such areas. Information about employees' problems is likely to be passed through the grapevine, but it should not be announced to staff. Such business decisions as the transfer of employees or changes in hours are usually announced at an appropriate time after they have been made by management.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Szaky, T. (2011, September 8). How much information do you share with employees? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://boss.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/08/how-muchinformation-do-you-share-with-employees/
17. A
Speaking at a comfortable volume. To speak pleasantly with customers, you should speak at a comfortable volume not too loudly or too softly. You also need to vary the tone of your voice and speak neither too quickly nor too slowly.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004 Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
18. A
Satisfying customers. A business's service orientation is its philosophy of a certain level and quality of service. A business communicates its service orientation in many ways. For example, a business that is committed to providing excellent service will hire competent, courteous employees who are knowledgeable about the business's products. Another way a business communicates its service orientation is through its service policies. A business that is committed to providing excellent service might have liberal product return or replacement policies. When a business provides good service, it is satisfying customers and encouraging repeat sales. The reason customers return to the business is because they appreciate and respect the business's service efforts. Repeat business increases profits and often provides the business with a competitive edge over its competitors.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Wellington, E. (2017, May 26). What does it mean to be "customer service oriented?" Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.helpscout.net/blog/customer-oriented/
19. D
Suspicious. These customers want facts and proof before making the final buying decision. They tend to question everything you tell them. This skepticism may be the result of bad experiences with other businesses. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help. Dishonest customers try to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make buying decisions because of shyness or indecisiveness.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
20. D
Thank the customer for identifying the problem. Letting the customer know that you appreciate hearing about the problem helps calm irate customers. It's difficult for those customers to remain angry when you're letting them know how much you appreciate their information. Asking the irate customer why s/he thinks there is a problem or telling the customer to contact the corporate headquarters would be likely to increase the customer's anger. Explaining company policy may help the situation, but it would be a later step in handling the complaint.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
21. B
Touchpoints. A brand promise is a company's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Touchpoints are all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its customers and reinforce its brand value. Touchpoints may include the company's employees, product attributes and packaging, and technological systems. A company uses various touchpoints to create these experiences for its customers to fulfill its brand promise. By fulfilling its brand promise, the company is more likely to develop loyal customer relationships and repeat business. Companies cannot always control the publicity that they receive from external sources. A product-line extension occurs when the company adds a new product to the existing product line. Services are intangible touchpoints.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Glatstein, S. (2018, February 9). Steps to building a strong brand. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/steps-to-brand-building-2948332
22. D
Money. Limited amounts of money force consumers to choose between products for sale and determine which products producers make based on effective allocation of resources. Market research is how producers find out what consumers want to bu . Economic votes is a term given to the purchasing choices consumers make. Price controls are artificial ceilings or floors set by governments or by common consent within the market to manipulate the market for consumer or producer benefit.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
23. B
Human resources. Tuition reimbursement attracts people to certain jobs over others when there is a labor shortage. Natural resources are items found in nature used to make goods and services. Capital goods are manufactured items used to make other goods and services. Consumer goods are those that are produced for personal use.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
24. A
Buying power. Buying power is the amount of money available. If consumers do not have money to spend, they cannot buy products. Because Monica only has $850, she doesn't have the necessary buying power to purchase a $1,100 computer. Equilibrium is the point at which the quantity supplied is equal to the quantity demanded. Elasticity is an indication of how changes in price will affect changes in the amounts demanded and supplied. Utility is a product's ability to satisfy a customer's wants or needs.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
25. B
Retailing. Whenever a sale of goods or services to the ultimate consumer takes place, retailing has occurred. Retailing can take place anywhere in a store, over the phone, by mail, on the street corner, in a customer's home, etc. Discounting is reducing the price of a good or service. Wholesaling is the process of buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers. Producing is the process of making goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
26. A
Transferring. A risk is reduced or eliminated by transferring, or shifting, the risk factor to some other person or business. When an employee is bonded, his/her employer has purchased an insurance policy to cover possible theft or loss involving that employee. Hiring security guards is an example of preventing the risk. If the business takes no precautions, then it is retaining, or keeping, the risk.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
27. C
Price matching. Price matching is a trend among some discount businesses to attract and hold customers by meeting competitors' prices. Price fixing is an illegal practice that occurs when businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Rebates are refunds usually offered by the manufacturer of the product. Discounts occur when businesses deduct an amount from the price of a product at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
28. D
Registering trademarks. Trademarks are symbols, designs, or words used by producers to identify goods or services. They can be registered with the government to prevent their use by others. A subsidy is government financial help given to a business. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by government and promising to pay bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. Tariffs are taxes on imported goods. Both tariffs and bonds raise revenues for the government.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
29. D
To improve their performance. Each individual has personal strengths and weaknesses. Assessing strengths will allow an individual to build on those strengths. It is also important to assess weaknesses because those are areas that need improvement. For example, an individual might find that it will be necessary to improve his/her computer skills in order to improve performance and be considered for a promotion. It may be difficult to improve performance if individuals have not identified their personal strengths and weaknesses. Assessing personal strengths and weaknesses will not necessarily help individuals respond appropriately in a crisis, negotiate contracts, or get the most bang for their buck.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
30. C
By minimizing the impact of frustrations. Interest and enthusiasm are part of a positive attitude which gives people a good outlook on life. They will still encounter frustrations, but that won't keep interested, enthusiastic people down very long. Their interest in life and their enthusiasm will soon reassert themselves. People should discuss their frustrations to clear them up. Aggressive behavior is generally not an advisable approach to take with frustrating individuals because that often creates more problems.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Cleverism. (2018). Enthusiasm. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.cleverism.com/skills-and-tools/enthusiasm/
31. A
Initiative. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so, or the willingness to accept/seek additional or unpleasant duties. Developing initiative would prompt Joe to look for other work to do rather than waiting for instructions. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Leadership is the ability to guide other people's activities. Assertiveness is the ability to express yourself; to communicate your point of view; and to stand up for your rights, principles, and beliefs.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-002 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
32. A
Trustworthy. Being trustworthy means that people can rely on you to do what you say you will do. Trustworthy people will not tell anything they have been asked not to tell or pass along rumors that might not be true. An efficient person is one who performs in an effective, organized manner. A straightforward person is direct, open, and honest. A tactful person has the ability to do or say the right thing in any circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138 Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
33. B
How fairness is important to professional relationships. Treating others with fairness is essential for forming positive professional relationships. When you treat someone fairly, your relationship with that person is equal and balanced. One person is not taking advantage of the other or getting more out of the relationship than the other. In this case, Anna's boss did not treat her fairly, so they did not develop a relationship of respect and trust. Therefore, Anna looked for a different job. This example does not demonstrate how fairness has little impact on decision-making, how the justice approach to fairness is limited, or how a lack of empathy undermines equality.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
34. C
Financial risk. Anytime you spend money you expose yourself to financial risk because it affects your budget and your savings. Spending money on yourself does not necessarily affect your relationships or cause you to experience future debt or poverty.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091 Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
35. C
Opportunities. It's important to remember that each ethical dilemma you encounter is an opportunity to make the right decision and show that you can follow ethical principles. While ethical dilemmas can be challenging, viewing them as opportunities will help you feel motivated to make the right decision rather than intimidated. Ethical dilemmas are not negative; rather, they are chances to demonstrate positive choices. Finally, an experiment is a data-collection method that tests cause and effect. Ethical dilemmas do not test cause and effect, and they should not be used to collect data. If you pick the wrong choice, someone or something could be harmed. Instead, it is important to make the right decision.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124 What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
36. D
Could someone be hurt? Three questions you can ask yourself to figure out whether what you're facing is simply a problem or a true ethical dilemma are: Could someone be hurt? Is there a right and wrong choice? Are ethical principles being violated? People can be unhappy with decisions made in ethical dilemmas and regular problems. Ethical dilemmas are not determined by whether the choices are easy or hard or whether there is money at stake.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125 Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
37. A
Positive. A positive attitude is an outlook that focuses on the good side of things. People with positive attitudes feel good about themselves, their jobs, and other people. They are better able to weather life's problems because they believe things will work out all right in the end. An indifferent attitude is one that expresses lack of interest. A negative attitude is an outlook that focuses on the bad side of things. A superior attitude is displayed by those who feel they are better than others.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
38. A
Negative feedback. Negative feedback is criticism or disapproval. Susie's coworkers are expressing their criticism and disapproval of her lack of consideration and cooperation on the job. Susie's coworkers have reached negative conclusions about her behavior, but they have not said she lacks skill.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
39. A
Governmental. Governmental changes are the result of new or revised laws, regulations, policies, public services, leadership, etc. This change reflects the action of the school board in response to decreases in school revenues. Social changes reflect shifts in our values, tastes, and habits. Technological changes are developments, breakthroughs, and other changes in such fields as science or engineering. Personal changes are changes concerning our bodies, minds, life styles, etc.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Saez, A. (2017, September 26). What are the causes of change in an organization? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8230942-causes-changeorganization.html
40. A
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place and identify with their thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and actions. It enables an individual to listen from the speaker's point of view. Jealousy is a form of envy, and suspicion is a feeling that something is wrong. Perspective is outlook or point of view.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
41. C
Cultural imperialism. Businesses in some countries, especially more developed ones, may have an attitude that their approach, tastes, or preferences are "better" than those of other countries, particularly less developed ones. Or, they may believe their cultural beliefs and attitudes are the only ones and neglect other countries' cultures altogether. This is cultural imperialism. It is not an effective business practice and does not lead to success in the long run. Globalization refers to keeping a product and advertising message the same around the world, while nationalization refers to something whose ownership is taken over by the government. Product adaptation is changing a product in some way to make it more appropriate for another country's preferences.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: Historyplex. (2018, March 5). Examples of cultural imperialism that affected the whole world. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://historyplex.com/cultural-imperialism-examples
42. C
Manipulative. Assertive people are direct and upfront rather than being manipulative. This is part of honest communication. Assertive people may also be considerate, respectful, or talkative, but these qualities are not necessarily associated with being direct and upfront.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
43. A
Limited resources. Because two employees need the conference room at the same time, the conflict involves a limited resource. Conflict due to unclear boundaries involves a lack of clear understanding of what constitutes appropriate behavior. Inconsistent behavior (e.g., moodiness) can also create conflict because people do not know how to act or behave. Conflict involving a desire for authority occurs when individuals want to control or be in charge of a situation. For example, when two coworkers apply for the same management position, it can create a conflict for authority.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
44. D
Sometimes even ethical people are tempted to act unethically. While ethical behavior is important, it is also challenging. Even those who understand and believe in ethics are sometimes tempted to act unethically depending on the situation. Understanding the importance of ethics can help you avoid making poor decisions, but you cannot completely avoid ever making a mistake. Ethical behavior can be difficult to implement. Finally, ethical behavior does not always lead to increased profits, though it can help people and organizations be more successful.
SOURCE: EI:132
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132 Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)
45. A
What you are doing right now. A mission statement deals with what you are doing right now and how it is helping you achieve your personal vision. A mission statement does not reflect what you have done in the past, what your original idea was, or what you wish you had done in the past.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063 Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
46. B
Deal with change. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. Changes and new situations are common in the workplace. When employees are adaptable, they are able to deal with change and even learn from new situations. This is a benefit because employees who are not adaptable may experience stress or not be able to be productive when faced with new situations. Being adaptable does not necessarily enable employees to manage their time, take the initiative, or avoid a conflict.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
47. A
Persuasive. Business managers who want to lead change in the company need to have certain characteristics to be effective. They should be persuasive which means they have the ability to get people to see things their way, do things their way, or agree with them. Change doesn't just happen on its own. Change leaders need the involvement and help of many different people. Effective change leaders are able to persuade the right people to go along with them and help make the change happen. A manager who wants to lead change does not need to be emotional, forceful, or conservative.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022 Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
48. C
Being an example. Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure as it works toward the vision is being an example and a sure sign of solid leadership. This responsibility does not necessarily relate to working relationships, being enthusiastic, or being a good listener.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. B
Authoritarian. Authoritarian leaders give very few, if any, decision-making responsibilities to employees. Workers who prefer this style of leader would not feel comfortable with a democratic leader who exerts only moderate control, or with a laissez-faire leader who exerts little or no control. Republican is a term that describes a political party in the United States.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
50. D
Broaden your horizons. Being exposed to conflicting viewpoints can help you broaden your horizons by opening your mind to new ideas that you may not have considered before. Being exposed to conflicting viewpoints cannot necessarily improve your social standing, decrease your workload, or help you earn more money at work.
SOURCE: EI:136
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136 Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
51. C
Unit of measure. Money can serve as a unit of measure to determine or compare the relative worth of different products. Chris compares the monetary value of the two candy bars and selects the less expensive one. While money does serve as the medium of exchange in this example, the fact that Chris is using money instead of some other medium of exchange does not directly impact his decision. Money would serve as the medium of exchange even if he purchases the more expensive candy bar. Store of value means that money can be held over time and still have purchasing power at a later date. The money that Chris is using is not a commodity because it does not have another use.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Functions of money. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/economics/money-and-banking/functions-of-money
52. B
The time value of money. The term "time value of money" refers to the increase of an amount of money as a result of interest or dividends earned. A basic illustration of the time value of money is money and the interest it earns in a savings account. Principal is the deposited amount, which is not modified. Opportunity cost is what you have to give up when you make a choice. In this case, the opportunity cost of depositing $100 is spending it on something else. Inflation has a negative impact on the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's edition (p. 266). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
53. B
Installment loan. Loans that must be paid back in regular installments over a certain amount of time at a specified rate of interest are installment loans. They are frequently used to purchase costly items, such as automobiles, furniture, and appliances. Single payment loans are loans that must be paid off in a lump sum at a designated time in the future, possibly three months. Revolving credit loans are loans that are repaid on a regular basis in at least the minimum required amount. Cash payments are made for the full amount at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. A
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, June 28). Insurance. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/insurance.asp
55. A
Like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month. When you pay the balance on a credit card each month, you are getting what amounts to a free loan. A credit card is not a good way to pay for impulsive purchases impulsive purchases are usually a bad idea no matter how you pay for them. Credit cards are not an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period. Nowadays, easy access to credit cards is a growing problem.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: US Bank. (2018). How credit cards work. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.usbank.com/credit-cards/how-credit-cards-work.html
56. D
Variable expenses. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Developing a personal budget helps individuals better manage their money. Variable expenses are expenses that change from month to month, such as food, clothing, and entertainment expenses. Fixed expenses are expenses that do not change every month, such as rent and loan payments. Relational outflows and periodic investments are not budgetary categories.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Pant, P. (2018, May 5). What's the difference between fixed & variable expenses. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-s-the-difference-between-fixedand-variable-expenses-453774
57. A
How long your money is invested. The most important factors to consider in compounding growth are how much money you invest, how much your investment grows each year, and how long your money is invested. Investing is using money to make money, which means that if you invest money in the stock market, for example, you are likely to make an average of 10% each year. As the years pass, your investment will grow tremendously because you will be earning interest on interest. So, it is beneficial to invest for as long as possible to earn the largest amount of compound interest as possible. How you earn the money that you invest, your educational background and career, and your mutual fund manager's education have a much smaller impact on compounding growth than time does.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2013, August 22). Compound interest explained. [Video]. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf91rEGw88Q
58. B
Gross wages. Gross wages are the total income earned for the pay period before income taxes and other deductions are subtracted from the wages. Net pay is the amount of money that the worker receives after the taxes and other deductions have been subtracted from his/her wages. Year-to-date gross earnings are an employee's total gross pay from the beginning of the calendar year to a specific pay period. Yearto-date net income or net pay is an employee's total net pay from the beginning of the calendar year to a specific pay period.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Pay Stubs. (2017, December 28). Sample pay stub. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.pay-stubs.com/sample-pay-stub/
59. A
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information, along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature, has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2018, April 13). How to write a check - A step-by-step explanation. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-write-a-check-4019395
60. C
Subtract fees and charges. To complete checkbook balancing, Matt needs to subtract fees and charges. Some financial institutions charge a monthly fee on bank accounts, especially those with less than a certain balance. They also have charges for new checks, bounced checks, etc. All of these charges must be subtracted from the balance in the check register to obtain an accurate monthly balance. Interest is added to, not subtracted from, the check register balance. Matt does not need to call the bank for a new statement just because the latest deposit is not on his current statement. He does need to subtract fees and charges and add any interest before he can consider everything done.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Capital One. (2018). Balancing and budgeting—Balancing your checkbook. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.capitalone.com/financial-education/moneybasics/balancing-budget/balance-your-checkbook/
61. B
Take the envelopes to the post office. People tend to associate identity theft with computer hacking; however, thieves often use very simple methods to steal others' personal and financial information. One of the easiest ways to steal confidential or personal information is by simply taking a person's outgoing mail from his/her mailbox. Bills submitted to payees via "snail" mail might include checks that have bank account numbers printed on them as well as payment vouchers in which individuals include their credit card information. To reduce the risk associated with this type of theft, individuals should take their outgoing bills directly to the post office. Jake should make sure that he includes a return address on the envelope in case there is a problem with delivery and should verify that he has provided the correct billing information to ensure prompt payment; however, these actions do not reduce risks associated with identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Ledford, J. (2018, May 30). Your risky mailbox: Identity theft 101. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/your-risky-mailbox-identity-theft-101-1947529
62. C
Late fees and interest charges. It is important to pay your credit card bills in full each month because interest charges and fees can quickly accumulate if you pay late. There are penalties and consequences of failing to pay your credit card bills on time; you will receive interest charges and/or late fees, and your credit score may decrease. It is unlikely that you would be fired from your job because you failed to pay your credit card bills on time, since employers do not have access to your credit information.
SOURCE: FI:565
SOURCE: Credit Karma. (2016, April 21). How late payments can affect your credit. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.creditkarma.com/credit-cards/i/late-payments-affectcredit-score/
63. C
Stocks. When people buy a company's stock, they are, in effect, becoming an owner of a piece of that company. Certificates of deposit, money market accounts, and savings accounts are examples of lending investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
64. C
Timely. For financial information to be useful, it must be relevant (applicable to its users' purposes), and to be relevant, it must also be timely (up to date). Financial information does not necessarily need to be certified by an auditor, presented digitally, or perfect to be considered relevant.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
65. B
Revenues and expenses. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Information that a business keeps and tracks in its accounting records includes its revenues and its expenses. Revenues refer to income or money that flows into the business from activities such as sales. The business also keeps track of its expenses in its accounting records. Expenses are the monies the business owes to others (e.g., vendors) and flows out of the business. By keeping records of revenue and expenses, the business can evaluate its profits the amount of money left over after all the expenses are paid. Products (goods and services), trends, forecasts, and market share are types of marketing information.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
66. C
Living trust. A living trust is a legal arrangement that can serve as an alternative to a will. It transfers control of a living person's assets to a trustee. Upon death, the assets are transferred to the beneficiary without going through probate. This saves considerable time and expense. A living will is a legal document that outlines a person's wishes for medical treatment under specific circumstances. A will provides details of how an estate should be handled upon death, but does not avoid probate. A power of attorney assigns someone the right to act on another's behalf.
SOURCE: FI:572
SOURCE: Fabio, M. (2015, November). Top three benefits of a living trust. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.legalzoom.com/articles/top-three-benefits-of-a-living-trust
67. A
Determining need. Before an HR manager does anything else, s/he should determine need. S/He must figure out where the company is lacking human resources and determine if the positions are permanent, temporary, full-time, or part-time. Recruiting, interviewing, and hiring all come after determining need.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. A
Product/Service management. Product/Service management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product mix in response to market opportunities. Product packaging is an element of product/service management. Selling is determining consumer needs and wants through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Marketing-information management is a marketing function, which involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions such as what and how much it can expect to sell. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001 Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
69. C
Business plan elements. To retrieve the most applicable results from an Internet search engine, a computer user should enter terms into the query field that are most likely to bring up the desired information. "Business plan elements" are words that are most likely to retrieve the information Todd needs to include in his business plan. If Todd is not satisfied with the results that his initial search returns, he could use search terms such as "business plan components" or "business plan parts." The remaining search terms are too general and would likely not provide the information Todd desires on the first few pages of the results, which would reduce Todd's efficiency in retrieving the desired information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (n.d.). How to search on Google. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479?hl=en
70. A
The information is typically carefully checked for accuracy. Most printed publications go through several rounds of editing and review to ensure they are accurate. Authors affiliated with professional organizations could have bias toward a special interest group, which can result in biased information. Published information can become quickly outdated. Publishers do sometimes support special interest groups, but they clearly indicate those associations so a researcher can determine if s/he trusts the information.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Purdue OWL. (201). Evaluating sources of information. Retrieved on September 20, 2018, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/conducting_research/evaluating_sources_ of_information/index.html
71. D
The information is available at all times from any computer. The advantage of storing records via webbased storage services is that the business can access the information at all times from any computer. Online storage service providers do not update another business's records on a daily basis nor do they automatically discard outdated records without permission. Web-based storage services can experience technical problems, which is a disadvantage of online record storage.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Wang, J. (2011, December 7). How to store your financial documents. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-store-financial-documents-2011-12
72. B
Businesses serve customers more effectively. Managing information appropriately helps businesses focus on the important task of serving customers more effectively, which in turn may help lead to higher profits, although it is not a guarantee. A business's financial decisions may or may not have to do with serving customers.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
73. A
Electronic transfer of funds. When a business uses computer technology to manage its money and move it among different accounts, it is taking advantage of the electronic transfer of funds. This is the same technology you use at the ATM. Hardware refers to the physical components of a computer. Expert systems are software programs that mimic the knowledge of human experts. Electronic data interchange refers to documents rather than money.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
74. C
An operating system. An operating system is the program that manages and supports the hardware and software on a computer. It lets you "communicate" with your computer. You do not need a wireless mouse or a mobile device to communicate with your computer. Microsoft Windows is just one operating system; you can also use others.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2018). What is an operating system? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/understandingoperating-systems/1/
75. D
Search the Web. The World Wide Web (WWW) links millions of computers throughout the world by way of the Internet. Obtaining information is one of the most common ways that businesses use the Web. For example, a business in one state that wanted to locate a potential vendor in another state can search the Web to find out if that vendor has posted information on its web page. Searching the Web is fast and allows business employees to obtain vital information without leaving the office. In order to send an email or fax a request, a business first needs to obtain an email address or a fax number, which often are listed on a web page. Phoning an agent would not necessarily provide a business with information about new vendors.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2018). Seven ways to find what you want on the internet. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/internet-searching.htm
76. A
Detailed reports, memos, and contracts. Businesses use word-processing software to create a variety of business-related documents including reports, memos, contracts, business plans, letters, and tables. Spreadsheets are generated by other types of software programs (e.g., Excel) that organize, calculate, and analyze numerical information. Although many word-processing applications have basic drawing capabilities to produce simple graphics, the more complex graphic elements are generally created by special graphics and design programs (e.g., Freehand).
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 213). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
State. A database software program allows a business to sort customer information by various criteria customer name, sales volume, customer type, zip code, etc. Queries are database fields that the business uses to sort the data. The type of data that the business wants to retrieve or analyze determines the database query (sorting mechanism) that the business uses. To obtain a list of customers in specific geographic regions, the business should sort by state. Depending on the business's needs, it may also use zip code, city name, or country to sort by geographic location. Sales volume, customer name, and street numbers are not queries that will sort customer information by geographic location.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2018, June 11). What is a definition of a database query? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://www.lifewire.com/query-definition-1019180
78. A
Integrated software application packages. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all types of business activities, such as inventory control, finance, tracking, invoicing, etc. For example, businesses can track the placement of an order, when the order is shipped and received, when an invoice is generated, and when payment is received. These types of computer programs are not known as electronic communications programs, interactive information display packages, or wireless connectivity programs.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 219). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. B
Download time. The file size of a graphic affects the amount of time that it takes to appear on the computer screen. The larger the graphic, the more time it takes to download or appear on the computer screen. If graphics are too large, computer users might exit the website because it takes too long for the graphics to appear on the web page. The font size and descriptive links relate to text elements rather than graphics. Log files are files that provide information about the activities of website visitors.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Halvorson, S. (2013, February 21). How to speed up your website load times. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2013/02/how-to-speed-upyour-website-load-times/
80. C
Product. Operations activities are most closely related to a business's product. The product a business makes or provides affects every aspect of operations. A business's name, taxes, or location are not as directly related to its operations activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. A
The employer. It is an employer's responsibility, not the local law enforcement's duty, to be sure his/her company is a safe and healthy place to work. Employees also have a responsibility to make sure they are behaving in ways that are safe and healthy. Employers must comply with all governmental health and safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Minnesota Department of Health. (n.d.). Lesson 7: Worker safety laws and you. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.health.state.mn.us/divs/hpcd/cdee/occhealth/documents/lesson7.pdf
82. D
Follow the instruction manual. Each piece of machinery comes with an instruction manual that outlines its proper use. Even experienced workers should read and follow these instructions. Without proper usage (as written in the instruction manual), a worker can be injured on any type of equipment, including machines that are very new and very efficient. While knowing first aid will help after an injury occurs, it does not prevent injuries.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Monash University. (2014). Safe work instructions. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://www.adm.monash.edu.au/ohse/safety-topics/workshop/safe-work.html
83. D
Wipe it up immediately. Spills may make the floor slippery and create a safety hazard. Others may not notice the spill, fall on the wet surface, and suffer injuries. All employees are responsible for helping maintain a safe environment. They should not wait for the floor to dry, tell others about the spill, or leave it for the cleaning crew.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Root, G.N. III. (2015). What are some workplace safety issues? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from smallbusiness.chron.com/workplace-safety-issues-1303.html
84. D
Designating a central meeting place for all employees. Businesses must be prepared for unexpected situations such as fires and bomb threats. Evacuation plans are procedures that help businesses handle emergencies in ways to keep employees safe. Businesses designate a central meeting place to take a head count to ensure that all emplo ees are out of danger. As part of the evacuation plan, management may assign certain employees to conduct the head count of department members. If someone does not arrive at the meeting place, the coordinator can report the information to the appropriate person and take steps to locate the missing person. Changing smoke-alarm batteries and CPR training are not activities that will help businesses track the whereabouts of their employees during an emergency. Employees may not be able to communicate by phone with their managers during emergencies; therefore, employees should not go home until they report to their central meeting place and check in with their designated emergency coordinator.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 409-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Co.
85. B
Have another person present when she opens up in the morning. It's a smart idea for Jasmine to have another person present when she opens up for business in the morning. Two people are better able to check for security breaches. Jasmine should not keep a large amount of cash in the cash register. She should make eye contact with customers who walk into the store; this lets customers know that she recognizes them. The lighting should be bright so that she can see all customers clearly.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 686-687]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
86. D
Team members' performance. The specific criteria that you monitor will depend on the nature of your project. However, there are some general aspects of any project that require your attention. While some projects might be individual efforts, most are done by teams, or at the very least include a couple of other people. People are important resources for the success of your project. As a project leader, you'll need to check in on team members' performance. You should not necessarily monitor emails or your team members' friendships; these are not necessarily relevant to your project's success. The planning process happens before the project begins.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520 Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
87. C
Strategic planning. When a purchasing specialist develops partnerships and alliances with suppliers, watches for business threats and opportunities, and looks for ways to improve processes, s/he is engaging in strategic, long-term planning for the company. Negotiation is the process of one party reaching an agreement with another party to meet specific needs and wants. Marketing planning involves developing strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced from set amounts of resources.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
88. A
Inventory of supplies. When businesses use an automatic reorder system, an order for additional supplies is placed when the inventory decreases to an established level. This makes it possible for a business to effectively maintain an inventory of supplies at the right level. The business does not tie up funds by purchasing too many supplies, or risk running out of supplies. Businesses do not use an automatic reorder system to maintain an adequate work environment, budget for expenses, or maintenance system.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 421-431]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
89. B
It creates goods and services businesses can sell. Production is important to businesses because without production, businesses would have nothing to sell. All businesses must have products to sell to remain in business. Production does not eliminate competition. Businesses must control production costs so that they do not have to charge higher prices than competitors. Marketing research, not production, informs businesses about consumers' wants and needs.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
90. A
Hygiene. The ways in which you groom yourself daily directly impact your personal hygiene. Your personal grooming habits are not likely to directly impact your education, skills, or relaxation.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002 Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
91. A
State your goal(s). A personal plan of action is a written planning device to help you reach a goal of your own. You cannot develop a plan of action unless you have a direction or focus goal. After a goal has been stated and a plan devised for achieving that goal, then you can record your progress and evaluate the effectiveness of your plan.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. D
Product. Product innovation occurs when a business either creates or improves a product. When a computer company creates a new kind of software, this is considered product innovation. Process innovation focuses on how something is done. Positioning innovation occurs when the purpose of a product is changed. Paradigm innovation occurs when there is a significant change in thinking.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126 Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
93. C
You can learn as much from your failures as you can from your successes. Both your failures and your successes tell you things about yourself. You should pay attention not only to what you do well but to what you do less well. Self-understanding and self-information are not the same. You need selfinformation in order to develop self-understanding. There are tests available that will help you identify your interests. Choosing a career should not be based only on your current skills and talents but also on your interests and abilities.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Jacox, C. (2017, September 1). Self-awareness and perception: will you succeed or fail? Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://winningtherelationship.com/self-awarenessperception-will-you-succeed-or-fail/
94. C
Sexual harassment. Sexual harassment is any unwelcomed sexual remarks, advances, conduct, or requests. Employees have certain rights in the workplace, including the right to not be sexually harassed by other employees and managers. The example is not age discrimination, cultural supremacy, or ethnocentrism.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: MSBA. (2018, March 12). Employees' rights in the workplace. Retrieved September 20, 2018 from https://www.msba.org/blog/employees-rights-in-the-workplace/
95. A
Accessing online employment services. Online employment services such as Careerbuilder.com and Monster.com provide information about a variety of careers and industries. Employment-services websites provide information about the skills and education needed to perform certain jobs as well as the pay ranges for those jobs. Many of these sites offer career planning quizzes that help individuals determine the types of careers that they may be best suited for. Joining social organizations, completing job applications, and reading virtual textbooks are not the best ways in which people obtain information about a variety of career fields and options.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Net Industries. (2018). Getting a job—Sources of career information. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://jobs.stateuniversity.com/pages/56/Getting-Job-SOURCES-CAREERINFORMATION.html
96. C
Marketing communications. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience. Examples of marketing communications techniques include advertising, direct marketing, digital marketing, publicity/public relations, and sales promotion. Lucy is a public relations manager responsible for handling special events and responding to requests for information about the company. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. Merchandising careers involve marketing activities that are focused on efficient and effective product planning, selection, and buying for resale. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015 Go For It! (Careers in Business)
97. C
Listens closely. It is important for job applicants to listen carefully to what the interviewers are saying and asking. Failure to pay close attention may result in the applicants giving incorrect information or not completely answering the questions. Not listening also may indicate to an interviewer that an applicant is not interested in the position. Applicants should not read materials while an interviewer is asking questions. While applicants are expected to talk and share information about themselves during job interviews, they should choose their words carefully and not talk excessively. On occasion, applicants may write notes about what the interviewer is saying, but they should not let that interfere with their ability to listen carefully.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: McMullen, L. (2014, August 19). 7 ways to be a better listener while interviewing. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from http://money.usnews.com/money/careers/articles/2014/08/19/7ways-to-be-a-better-listener-while-interviewing
98. B
To thank the interviewer. The main reason for writing a follow-up letter is to thank the interviewer for his/her time. It also gives applicants the opportunity to keep their names in the interviewer's mind and to reinforce their interest in the job. Applicants provide copies of their résumés before the interview. The résumé or job application should contain the names of references. The follow-up letter should reinforce an applicant's interest in the job without actually asking for it.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Purdue OWL. (2018). Follow-up to an interview. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/634/03
99. D
Volunteer positions. Some job applicants, especially recent graduates, do not have a lot of paid job experience. It is acceptable for them to list unpaid or volunteer positions in the work experience section of their résumés. Volunteer positions indicate job experience and levels of responsibility even if the positions were unpaid. Technical training should be listed in the educational background section. Career objectives and references are separate sections of résumés.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2018). Resume workshop. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/719/01/
100. B
Basic job experience. Entry-level jobs provide a starting point for an individual interested in pursuing a particular career. Many fields are very competitive, and by taking an entry-level job, a worker can gain valuable experience and training. An employee who performs well in the entry-level position could advance to many other positions within the company. Most entry-level jobs do not pay high salaries.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2018, September 13). An entry-level job: a foot in the door. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/what-is-an-entry-level-job1918126
Test 1191
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
General partnership. A general partnership is designed to combine the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. Corporation ownership would not be acceptable because Karla and Brad's only involvement would be in the growth and possible profits of the business by buying shares of stock. A limited partnership would allow Karla and Brad to invest but have limited responsibilities in operations and management. A sole proprietorship would be owned by one person.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
Summarizing. Summarizing involves recapping the important content of a text in your own words. This can help you focus on the most important information in the article and make sure that you understand it. This is not an example of reviewing vocabulary, creating a timeline, or making a diagram.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: StudyRight. (2016, December 7). Summarizing what you read - 3 proven benefits that lead to better retention. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.studyright.net/blog/summarizing-proven-benefits/
3. D
Procedure. A procedure is the step-by-step process that an employee follows when performing a specific task. Because an employee must take certain actions to obtain petty cash, s/he is following a procedure. Policies are the company's general rules or guidelines and include things such as vacation time, sick time, use of company equipment, etc. A benchmark is something that provides a basis for comparison or evaluation. Consignment is a purchasing arrangement in which an intermediary agrees to pay the supplier of goods after the goods are sold.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: SweetProcess. (2018, June 11). The key difference between a policy, process, & procedure (and why it matters for your business!). Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.sweetprocess.com/what-are-the-differences-between-a-policy-a-process-and-aprocedure-why-knowing-this-is-the-key-to-scaling-and-automating-your-business//
4. C
"You're upset because you've tried to lose weight, and you think your mom expects too much." Paraphrasing involves restating a message in other words. The response that states "So you are dieting. How much weight did you lose?" assumes the speaker lost weight, but the speaker never states if she did. In the response that states "Your mom is a real diet fanatic. I hate when people are like that," the listener shares a personal opinion but does not show understanding. The response that states "So you are frustrated because you can't lose weight. I understand how you feel" assumes the speaker is unable to lose weight, but the speaker never states she cannot lose weight.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
5. C
Use gestures for emphasis. Appropriate gestures can help emphasize the point the speaker wants to make, and they are an important part of effective verbal communication. Speech mannerisms are distracting to listeners and should be avoided. The tone of the voice should be modulated, or changed, to prevent the speaker from sounding monotonous. Eye contact with listeners is important in maintaining communication and making them feel the speaker is addressing them personally.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lucas, A. (2017, June 13). The importance of verbal & non verbal communication. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.livestrong.com/article/156961-the-importance-of-verbalnon-verbal-communication/
6. B
To clarify meanings. Relevant questions are those questions that pertain to the issue at hand. They are asked to obtain information. Employees should ask relevant questions in order to clarify the meaning of statements or instructions. By asking relevant questions, employees can obtain additional explanations to help them understand what they are expected to do. Employees do not ask questions to send messages, offer suggestions, or make statements.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Questioning techniques. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newTMC_88.htm
7. C
Improve a situation. To get others to accept your idea, you must indicate how the idea will improve a situation or provide a benefit. Feasible business ideas might include improvements such as increasing profits, efficiency, sales, and market share. Feasible ideas may or may not impact the economy, involve a lot of risk, or require additional resources. Businesspeople are more likely to scrutinize and want supporting evidence for ideas that require additional resources or involve high risk taking, which could make acceptance more challenging.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Baumgartner, J. (2013). How to evaluate ideas. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.innovationmanagement.se/imtool-articles/how-to-evaluate-ideas
8. B
Ask questions to clarify other participants' comments. Asking clarifying questions assists the entire group in learning about the topic. No one in the group knows everything about the topic. Talking together through tough subjects and sharing diverse viewpoints is the purpose of working as a group. Similarly, she should attempt to assist the group that she has been chosen for instead of asking to be removed. This is not the right time to take a leadership role, which should be assumed by the person who knows the most about—or has the most experience with—the subject.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: UNSW Sydney. (2014, August 19). Guide to discussion skills. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://student.unsw.edu.au/discussion-skills
9. B
Abbreviating words and sentences. Abbreviating words and sentences streamlines the note-taking process and allows you to focus on the content. Recording every sentence and spelling every word correctly make the note-taking process less efficient. Using a pencil, pen, or computer is based on personal preference and may or may not make note-taking more efficient.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Slatta, R.W. (n.d.) Notetaking. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://faculty.chass.ncsu.edu/slatta/hi216/takenotes.htm
10. D
To communicate information. The purpose of developing and using graphics in business reports is to communicate information. In most cases, graphics are used to explain complex information or to highlight information that is most important. The use of graphics often adds interest and makes the information easier to understand. Graphics are not used to entertain the audience, fill up the page layout, or highlight reference material.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: The Open University. (1999-2018). Effective ways of displaying information. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.open.edu/openlearn/science-mathstechnology/computing-and-ict/information-and-communication-technologies/effective-waysdisplaying-information/content-section-0?intro=1
11. C
Bullet-pointed list. Writers often use bullet-pointed lists to break up a lot of content into smaller “chunks” of information. Writers use bullet-pointed lists to emphasize the most important information, clarify concepts, and summarize key points. Long paragraphs and complex sentence structures tend to overwhelm readers; therefore, readers often overlook or miss important information. The signature block is the element of a letter in which the writer signs his/her name.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2018). Handbook on report formats. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/writing_in_engineering/handbook_on_rep ort_formats/index.html
12. A
His position, company, and email address. An email signature is generally text or images appearing at the bottom of an email indicating a person's or business's identity, contact information, and/or offer. A business professional's email signature should contain—at the very least—the person's name, address, phone number, position, company, and email address. It is not necessary or recommended to include your work history or references in your email signature.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. D
Salutation. The salutation is the greeting that follows the inside address (e.g., Dear Mr. Robinson). The dateline precedes the inside address. The body is the message. It comes between the salutation and the complimentary close. The signature lines of a letter give the writer's name and title.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Northern Michigan University. (2018). Parts of a business letter. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.nmu.edu/writingcenter/parts-business-letter
14. C
Human relations problems. Workers who lack good communication skills have trouble making themselves understood and sharing information with others. This can cause problems among employees, especially those who work closely together. Job understanding might decrease if a supervisor has poor communication skills. Shared job responsibilities and efficiency in the work area are benefits of good communication among employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Workspirited. (2018). Communication in the workplace. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://workspirited.com/communication-in-workplace
15. C
Monopolized the discussion. When participating in a staff meeting, it is important to provide information or make suggestions when appropriate. When one person dominates the discussion, others do not have an opportunity to provide their input. Because Lily spoke for a long time during the meeting, she monopolized the discussion. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Lily provided positive feedback, followed parliamentary procedure, or expressed her opinions clearly.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2017, November 21). Six tips on how to participate in a meeting. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://work.chron.com/six-tips-participate-meeting2014.html
16. C
Brainstorming. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. You need to define the problem before you brainstorm to come up with the right solution. Assessing the consequences involves deciding what results could come from each alternative. Developing an action plan determines what outcomes will look like and how to reach success.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: The Ohio State University. (2013). Group problem solving process. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://u.osu.edu/raison/files/2014/02/FACT-SHEET-Group-Problem-SolvingCDFS_13_13-1cqoba2.pdf
17. B
Promoting good customer relations. Customer-relations guidelines provide strategies for employees to use in their dealings with customers. An example would be a guideline that the customer is always right. An effective customer-relations program aids in building repeat business. It may also attract new credit customers, but that is not its purpose. Bonuses, quotas, and commissions are used to motivate the sales force. Whether these techniques help increase the level of gross margin would depend upon a number of other factors.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
18. D
Greater profits. Businesses that provide good customer service usually retain their current customers. Since it is much less costly to retain current customers than to find new ones, greater profits are usually the result. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas that is not paid for by the company which benefits from it. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Season is a certain time of year.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 620]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
19. D
Slow/Methodical. These customers require a lot of time to make buying decisions because of shyness or indecisiveness. These customers tend to be silent, or they don't clearly convey their needs or wants. Domineering/Superior customers are overly confident customers who feel they know more and are better than the average person. Suspicious customers question everything and usually want proof before being convinced that something is true. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
20. B
Determine the cause of the problem. The employee should listen to the customer to try to determine the reason for the complaint. If employees fully understand the customer's complaint, they will be better able to solve the problem. Asking questions in a courteous manner is a good way to clarify the situation. It would be poor business practice to avoid waiting on complainers or to refer them elsewhere. Employees should also not give customers personal advice.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
21. C
Brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with its customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its characteristics and values. Kwame promises his customers that he will deliver the quality of food and service that they expect. Touch points are all the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand value. Company promise and brand point are not terms commonly used to refer to brand promise.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Gunelius, S. (2018). What is a brand? Part 2 - The brand promise. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://aytm.com/blog/research-junction/brand-promise/
22. D
Inadequate pay level. Although the population of the world is increasing, there are reasons why human resources are limited for certain jobs. An inadequate pay level is one factor that might limit the number of people available for certain jobs. People do not want to take jobs that pay less than they think is adequate for the amount or type of labor required. Appealing company image, good safety record, and organized training programs are factors that attract workers to jobs.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
23. B
Possession. Possession utility occurs when the ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to a buyer. Time utility occurs when a product is available when it is needed. Form utility occurs when the shape of a product is altered, and place utility occurs when a product is available where it is needed.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
24. D
Buyer's. This situation is brought about by a large supply and a relatively small demand which results in lower prices. A seller's market exists when the quantity demanded is much greater than the quantity supplied, resulting in higher prices. The remaining alternatives are not economic market descriptors.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
25. B
The business performing the service. Service businesses perform intangible activities that satisfy the wants of consumers and industrial users. If a good is used in performing the service, its title, or ownership, is not given to the customers but is retained by the business performing the service. The customer receives the service, but the business owns the good. For example, a car-rental business leases the use of a car to a customer for one week. The business owns the car, while the customer simply buys the use of the car. The business retains ownership of the good, not the producer that made the good or the supplier that sold the good to the business.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070—Business Connections (Business and Society)
26. C
Financial analysis. This is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. It includes how to obtain funds for the business's operations and how to spend the funds. The marketing activity would add utility to the goods or services by enabling consumers to obtain the services they need where and when they are needed. The management activity coordinates the resources so that the services are available for the consumers. Production would include the creation of the needed goods or services from the economic resources.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
27. B
Changes in consumer demand. A common economic risk involves shifts in consumer demand. When consumers' needs and wants change, their demand for products change also. Items that are hot sellers one season might not be in demand the next season. Businesses try to predict changes in consumer demand in order to avoid or reduce economic risk. Unfavorable weather conditions are natural risks. Careless employee behavior and the spreading of false rumors are human risks.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
28. B
To be in the public interest. Monopolies are allowed to exist when it is in consumers' best interests for there to be one supplier of a product in the market. Because monopolies eliminate competition, they are regulated by the government. Government stabilizes the economy through its monetary and fiscal policies.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
29. C
Prejudice. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Prejudice is an attitude, not an act. An employer who thinks that all young people are lazy and poorly trained is exhibiting prejudice because the employer is putting all young people into one category and is not considering individual differences. If employers refuse to hire young people because they are prejudiced against them, the employers are guilty of discrimination, which is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, e.g., race, gender, age, etc. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual. Hostility involves acting in an unfriendly or menacing manner.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139—Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
30. D
Independent. Independent people are those who think and act on their own. They do not wait around for someone to tell them what to do next. People who are dependent and/or insecure rely heavily on others. Egotistical people have an inflated view of their own importance.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
31. D
Promptly. Honest people pay what they owe creditors when it is due. If some unexpected event makes it impossible for them to do so, they contact the creditor to explain. Paying debts sluggishly or eventually would not indicate honesty and integrity. Not all debts include interest.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
32. A
Accept personal responsibility for his actions. It's important for Ross to take responsibility for his own actions and decisions at work. He should not blame others for his mistakes, because it is not his boss's or coworkers' responsibility to make sure he meets his deadline. Ross should not create excuses or ask others to accept the responsibility. If he knows ahead of time that he cannot meet his deadline, he could ask his boss for a deadline extension. However, he first needs to accept responsibility for his actions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2018, February 15). How to take responsibility for your life. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-to-take-responsibility-foryour-life-1919214
33. A
Keeping your promises. Perhaps the most important thing you can do to build trust is to keep your promises. If you don't do what you say you'll do, it's difficult for others to count on you. By always following through when he makes plans, Marcus is building trust in his relationships with his friends. Being fair, not sharing confidential information, and taking responsibility for your mistakes are important techniques, but Marcus is not demonstrating them in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
34. C
Viability. Viability means ensuring that your actions are helpful in the long term, not just the short term. Jasmine might think that her actions aren't a big deal in the short term, but if everyone stole from the company in the long term, the company would lose a lot of money. Long-term repercussions are not an aspect of trust, transparency, or fairness.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
35. A
Scheduling. When businesspeople overcommit, they do not leave enough time to complete their work or meet their commitments. One way to avoid overcommitment is to maintain a visual schedule. Businesspeople can maintain, review, and revise schedules by writing important appointments on a calendar or by using an electronic device (e.g., smartphone) that has a scheduling application. Leigh Ann is not engaged in estimating, restructuring, or framing activities to prevent overcommitting her time.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
36. C
Negative. Someone with a negative attitude has a pessimistic view of every aspect of life. A positive attitude is indicated by an optimistic outlook on life. An indifferent person is neither negative nor positive but rather unconcerned. A realistic person attempts to view situations as they actually are rather than assuming the worst.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
37. A
Evaluative. Evaluative information is the conclusion people reach after they examine something carefully. Feedback is evaluative information given to you about the things you say and do. Extensive is a general term that means thorough or comprehensive. Creativity is defined as the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Conservative is a general term that means traditional or cautious. Feedback is always evaluative information; however, it is not always extensive, creative, or conservative in nature.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
38. A
Irrational. Thoughts and feelings that are not based on fact are often irrational or unreasonable. While such fears are very real to the people who have them, they must be overcome so that they do not interfere with the individuals' lives. Such feelings may be overcome by sensible, reasonable, or logical thought processes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Dachis, A. (2013, February 11). Why you're so afraid of change (and what you can do about it). Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://lifehacker.com/5982622/why-youre-so-afraid-ofchange-and-what-you-can-do-about-it
39. D
Customization. Because of differences in tastes and preferences, manufacturers often have to invent totally new products for a country's market. Nationalization is when a government takes ownership of something, such as property, and the former owner may receive nothing in return. Adaptation is making changes to appeal to different tastes and preferences. Adaptation can apply to changing the products themselves or to change promotional approaches. Globalization means keeping the product and promotional messages the same in every country.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
40. B
Feedback. Providing feedback means asking questions about things that are confusing, asking for the speaker to clarify, and paraphrasing the message in your own words. Active listening does not necessarily involve providing criticism, support, or reassurance to the speaker.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
41. A
Weigh the pros and cons of all the options. Resolution occurs after the two people weigh the pros and cons of all the options. Once a resolution is reached, it is important to summarize the responsibilities of each person, and perhaps document the outcome in a written agreement. Developing a conflict resolution statement is unnecessary, but it can be included in the written agreement after resolution is reached.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
42. D
Work team. A work team is a group of employees which is responsible for carrying out an entire work process. This might include all the steps in producing a product, performing a service, or running a section of the business. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project. A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as obtaining speakers for a conference.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
43. D
Fair. Fairness is the ability to make judgments without favoritism or self-interest. It means treating people how they want and deserve to be treated. Ethical leaders are not biased or discriminatory, and they are consistent in their relationships with others. Being consistent as a leader ensures that everyone is treated well and given an equal chance to succeed, which is what Bella is doing by involving others in the process of appointing student council committee positions. Otherwise, she might allow her bias in favor of her friends to affect her decision-making. Bella is not necessarily being persistent, altruistic, or respectful.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
44. C
Missed opportunities. Refusing to adapt can have many negative consequences, one of which is missed opportunities. By holding back instead of trying a new experience, a person can miss out on a great opportunity. A person's stress level often increases when s/he doesn't adapt to new circumstances. Enhanced relationships and solved problems are positive effects of adapting to new circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
45. A
Moderate; high. Achievement-oriented people assess risk carefully. They tend to take moderate risks but avoid high risks. Since they value accomplishments so much, they can't afford taking risks that might destroy their chances of success. High achievers do not take unrealistic risks.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
46. D
Fear the unknown. A change leader is someone who has the ability to guide or direct others with the intention to transform or alter something. Change leaders often run into problems when people resist change. People resist change because they are afraid they won't be able to adapt to the change. People also resist change when they are content with the way things are, distrust the change leader, and like the status quo. When people are content with the way things are, they often do not share their ideas because by doing so, change may occur.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
47. B
Coaching. Coaching is enabling other people to reach their true potential by helping them overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing so. Although coaching may involve some teaching, teaching is not its main focus. When you coach others, it isn't because they need knowledge; it's because they are having difficulty putting that knowledge into action. They need help to improve their performance. Cross training is a systematic approach for teaching employees how to perform other people's jobs. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution. Consensus building is a group's process of coming to agreement.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
48. C
Work well together. Valuing the differences in others helps people get along and work well together. They understand the differences and appreciate them. Arguing about politics is a common characteristic among all people and is not limited to those with different backgrounds. People who value the differences in others do not avoid them. Valuing the differences in others does not depend upon living in the same area.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
49. A
Doing objective research. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint requires doing your research on the position so that you can make an informed decision about the topic. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint does not require arguing with others. Showing respect and reflecting on your beliefs are two other steps in the process of considering conflicting viewpoints.
SOURCE: EI:136
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
50. D
Be polite and maintain eye contact. Showing respect means listening to others when they speak, not interrupting, and using basic manners (such as being polite, saying please and thank you, and maintaining proper eye contact). You should not start an argument or avoid listening to the other person's opinions.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123—Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)
51. A
Paper money. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. Governments do not issue brokerage bills, and certified notes are not forms of currency.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, November 21). Paper money. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/paper_money.asp
52. D
Earned income. Since Michael is making a substantial amount of money each month, it would be considered earned income and is subject to taxes. Unearned income refers to money made from interest, rents, dividends or transfer payments. Commission is earned income made from set fees or a percentage of sales paid to an employee or contractor. Wages refer to payment exchanged for hours worked.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 38-54]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
53. C
Gain new customers. All businesses lose customers from time to time. One of the causes is relocation. In order to be successful, businesses must continually use new ways to attract new customers. One way to do this is by offering credit, which will draw new customers into the new location. Some of the benefits of using credit include being able to purchase expensive items, have cash available, and establish a credit rating.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. C
Impulsive spending. Many situations can prevent individuals from reaching their financial goals. When people lose their jobs or need to get their cars fixed, their financial goals may be temporarily sidetracked. Overusing and repaying credit cards can also affect an individual's ability to achieve his/her financial goals. An individual who must pay off credit card debt has less money available to save and invest. In Max's situation, impulsive spending derailed his financial goals. He saw something that he wanted right away, so he bought it without thinking about the consequences. It will likely take Max longer to reach his savings goal.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Zimmerman, I. (2012, July 18). What motivates impulse buying? Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/sold/201207/what-motivates-impulse-buying
55. B
Add up your income. The first step in setting up your budget is to determine the amount of income you have by adding up salaries, interest, etc. You should not cut any expenses until you have already determined your income, estimated total expenses, and figured out the difference between them. Furthermore, you might not even be able to cut your fixed expenses. Maintaining a spending log is a good way to follow through with your budget once it has been created. Finally, investing in retirement is a good idea that should be included in your budget, but it is not the first step in setting up your budget.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Practical Money Skills. (2018). Budgeting. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.practicalmoneyskills.com/learn/budgeting
56. D
Obtain short-term capital. Businesses can make either short-term or long-term investments. Short-term investments are those that a business holds for less than one year. Some businesses make short-term investments to generate capital in a short amount of time. They might need short-term capital to finance special projects or to expand the business. For example, a business invests $100,000 in a stock that is appreciating in value by 15% annually. The business can sell the stock prior to the one-year point and probably obtain the 15% increase which amounts to $15,000. Long-term wealth is capital that accumulates over a period of several years. Businesses do not hold investments for less than one year to reduce tax obligations or control inflation rates.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, June 7). Short-term investments. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shorterminvestments.asp
57. D
$4,000. To determine Cassidy's net worth, first add up Cassidy's total assets ($5,000 + 2,000 = $7,000). Then subtract her liabilities (her credit card debt) from her total assets ($7,000 - 3,000 = $4,000).
SOURCE: FI:562
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [p. 119]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. A
$398.44. Sales tax is a fee that the government charges on retail products. Businesses collect the taxes from the customers and pay the government the taxes at set intervals. To calculate the amount of sales tax Logan owes for his car, multiply the car's price by the sales tax rate ($6,375 X .0625 or 6.25% = $398.44).
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2018). How to calculate sales tax. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.wikihow.com/Calculate-Sales-Tax
59. D
$1,170. Isaac's net income is his actual take-home pay, which is equal to his gross income (his total earnings before deductions) less his withholdings (his total deductions). To calculate his net income, subtract his total deductions from his total earnings before deductions ($1,425 - $255 = $1,170).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Clearpoint. (2011, December 15). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.clearpoint.org/blog/how-to-read-your-pay-stub/
60. A
Manage your spending. When you have one or two credit cards, it is easier to manage your spending because you have a limited amount of purchases that you can place on each card. With fewer cards, it is easier to track your purchases and this may enable you to pay more than the minimum amount due on each card, which helps you reduce your debt more quickly. Having one or two credit cards may not enable you to buy everything that you want, but it can help you prioritize your needs and wants so you don't overspend. The credit card service provider establishes the policies for transaction fees and credit limits, regardless of the number of credit cards that you hold.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Bell, K., & Queen, K.H. (2014, May 15). 10 worst credit card mistakes. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/worst-credit-card-mistakes6000.php
61. D
Validating credit history. If Eric had not checked his credit score, he would not have known that the credit bureaus mishandled his report. This example shows one of the steps for buying a house, but it is not an example of the importance of buying a house. Paying rent on time is one way to develop good credit; neither are truly illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: GettingaCreditCard.com. (2006-2017). Common practice of very responsible credit card users. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article12.shtml
62. D
Financial planners. There are many types of financial planners who help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. These planners provide financial services such as recommending and selling life insurance, mutual funds, stocks and bonds, etc. Part of what they do is provide advice on how their clients can achieve their financial goals. Certified public accountants, trust departments, and local bank managers usually do not help individuals select the type of life insurance to buy and the most appropriate investments.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Coombes, A., & Jackson, A. (2018, May 23). What is a financial advisor and how to choose one. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/investing/how-tochoose-a-financial-advisor/
63. C
To take advantage of compounded interest. By starting early, you give your money time to grow by earning interest on interest that is added to the principal. Starting early does not help a person beat inflation rates if the investments chosen accrue less interest than the rate of inflation. The time value of money indicates that today's dollar is worth more than that same dollar a year from now due to inflation rates. Therefore, the time value of money is not a benefit for retirement planning. Starting early will not ensure that protections are in place for retirement plans. One such protection is diversification of investments.
SOURCE: FI:569
SOURCE: Ning, D. (2013, August 28). 5 ways saving at an early age benefits you. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://money.usnews.com/money/blogs/on-retirement/2013/08/28/5-wayssaving-at-an-early-age-benefits-you
64. D
Professional. A tort is a private wrongdoing against a person or business. Professional liability insurance limits financial losses that occur if a client files a lawsuit against a business professional (e.g., accountant, attorney, and architect). Property insurance covers losses associated with theft, fire, flood, etc. Businesses purchase workers' compensation insurance to provide benefits to employees who are injured on the job. Economic protection insurance is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bolt Insurance Agency. (2015, August 27). The significance of professional liability insurance. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.boltinsurance.com/businessinsurance/articles/article-the-significance-of-professional-liability-insurance/
65. A
Balance sheet. Balance sheets capture the overall financial condition of the business at that particular moment, somewhat like how a photograph captures just one second of time. Income statements, also known as profit-and-loss statements, show how much money the business has made or lost during a specific period of time, usually one year. A cash flow statement is a financial summary estimating when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business during a specific period of time.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-095—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
66. C
Capital budgeting. When Michael decides which project the company should invest in by estimating each potential project's value to the business, he's using capital budgeting. He is not engaging in working capital management, which focuses on the company's current balance of assets and liabilities. Capital structure refers to the “optimal mix” of financing (usually some combination of debt and equity). This is not what Michael is doing in the example. The cash conversion cycle is a ratio that refers to the number of days between a company's paying for raw materials and receiving cash from those raw materials. The cash conversion cycle is also not being used by Michael in the example.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
67. C
Recruiting. Recruiting is the human resources activity that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees. Participating in job fairs is one way that businesses use to find job candidates. Training is an activity that involves teaching or developing a specific skill. Sales-promotion consists of promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Compliance is adhering to rules or laws.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. B
Product/Service management. Product/Service management is the marketing function that focuses on obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Labeling and packaging are product/service management considerations. The marketinginformation management function focuses on gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decision-making. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Selling is the marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants, and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
69. B
Criticism. When assessing information, it is important to discern fact from opinion and criticism. The example is a statement of disapproval, which is criticism. It is based on opinion or beliefs rather than facts. Facts contain information or data that are indisputable and true.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2017, January 21). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
70. B
Storyboard. Business professionals sometimes use graphic organizers to illustrate certain processes or to describe a problem and its solution. A storyboard uses a combination of pictures, graphs, and simple statements to present information in a sequential order. An outline is a general plan giving only the main points of a topic. A draft is the preliminary version of a piece of writing. A proposal is a plan or suggestion. Outlines, drafts, and proposals are not graphic organizers.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Chandel, T. (n.d.). Business analysis tools: Storyboards. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://businessanalyst.tarunchandel.com/2008/09/business-analysis-tools-storyboards.html
71. B
Fire. Businesses should manage their information in ways that minimize risk. A natural risk is the possibility of loss resulting from natural causes such as floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, fire, etc. To minimize losses due to natural causes, businesses should keep hard copies or digital backups of crucial business records in a different location. A tax audit is an example of a financial risk. Failing to upgrade or keep up with new technical products is a technological risk. Businesses often have confidential information (e.g., customer credit card information, business trade secrets), which should be secured to prevent risks associated with the invasion of privacy.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
72. D
Each other. An intranet is an internal network of computers within an organization that allows employees to access and share information. Intranet systems benefit businesses because employees can view, transmit, and share information across departments, divisions, or branches. For example, an intranet may allow sales staff, purchasing staff, and warehouse staff to view the inventory status of the business's products simultaneously. This is important because each department works with the business's products in different ways. The intranet system allows each department to monitor the business's inventory levels to perform the work. The intranet provides employees access to the same information at any given time, and helps the business run efficiently. Intranet systems often contain confidential information and are not shared with competitors, customers, and former employees.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (n.d.). The advantages of implementing a corporate intranet. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://work.chron.com/advantages-implementing-corporate-intranet3285.html
73. C
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2018). What is an operating system? Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
74. C
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity. Today, connectivity may be by dial-up to telephone lines, through broadband technology, or through wireless routers. All people around the world do not have access to an intranet or an extranet. Broadband is a type of technology.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 223). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. B
Including it as a file attachment and by pasting it into the body of the email. If the sender is unsure of the receiver's ability to read a document type, pasting the document into the email is the best choice. If maintaining the format is important and the sender knows the receiver can read the document type, a file attachment is best. While rekeying is a possibility, the amount of time required makes this a poor choice. Hyperlinks lead to places on the World Wide Web or to other places in the document, so it cannot be used to locate a file on either a local or network computer.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Business Email Etiquette. (2018). Business email etiquette basics. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.businessemailetiquette.com/business-e-mail-etiquette-basics/
76. A
+business +license -driver. By placing a "+" before a word, you can tell most search engines to look for websites containing that word. Likewise, by placing a "-" before a word, you are telling the search engine to disregard all websites that contain that word. So, by entering "+business +license -driver," Bobbi is telling her search engine to look for websites that contain the words "business" and "license" but don't contain the word "driver." That way, Bobbi won't have to weed through search results focusing on drivers' licenses before finding quality information about business licenses. "+business +license" would tell the search engine to look for websites containing "business" and "license," but websites about drivers' licenses could potentially appear in the search results. The search phrase "'business license' driver" would command the search engine to look for websites that contain the exact phrase "business license" as well as the word "driver." Search engines are not typically case-sensitive, so capitalizing the words "BUSINESS LICENSE" would not have an impact on search results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Shah, D. (2015, November 24). How to search on Google: 31 advanced Google search tips. Retrieved October 15, 2018, from http://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/1264/12Quick-Tips-To-Search-Google-Like-An-Expert.aspx#sm.000013bb971vctfbizbupvslthjnl
77. C
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses often use spreadsheet software to analyze operating expenses as well as sales on a monthly or yearly basis. Businesses are able to enter figures for all categories of expenses and types of sales, and the software program calculates the relationship. This allows businesses to monitor their expenses and sales to determine if they are spending too much in relation to what they are earning. A business might use presentation software to create multimedia presentations, a CAD program to develop three-dimensional drawings of products and their components, and a communication software program to access the Internet.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. C
Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions. Broken links and unclear instructions make it difficult, if not impossible, for readers to obtain information or purchase products from a website. Therefore, it is important to make sure that all elements of the web page work properly. Generally, web pages are not patented. A patent doesn't necessarily protect web page content from plagiarism. Although it is a good idea to consult an attorney regarding legal content posted on web pages, not all web pages include legal content. Therefore, it is not a procedure that should always be performed. Web page content is not subject to international trade requirements.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Web Page Mistakes. (2005-2018). Find broken links. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.webpagemistakes.ca/find-broken-links/
79. C
Data mining. Data mining is the process of searching through data files to detect patterns that can be used to help answer specific strategic questions. Data cleansing involves detecting, fixing, and/or removing inaccurate or incomplete data. Reiki is not using sales strategy or sales techniques; she is analyzing information to develop sales strategy and techniques.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Boone, G., & Kurtz, D.L. (2013). Contemporary marketing (p. 261). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
80. C
Protect employees from injury and illness. The purpose of health and safety regulations is to ensure that businesses take steps to prevent employees from injury and illness while on the job. The government might require businesses to ensure that employees handle hazardous chemicals in specific ways. Or, the government might require that certain types of businesses provide employees with special clothing or protective gear when they are working with dangerous equipment. Businesses that do not comply with health and safety regulations risk the employees' well-being, and could face government fines and/or civil lawsuits if employees become ill or are seriously injured while at work. Some jobs are dangerous by nature, so it isn't possible to eliminate all danger while at work. Workplace health and safety regulations do not reduce the risk of monopolistic conditions, which are situations that reduce economic competition.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Minnesota Department of Health. (n.d.). Lesson 6: The importance of worker safety laws. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.health.state.mn.us/divs/hpcd/cdee/occhealth/documents/lesson6.pdf
81. B
Maintain data security. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. Businesses are not able to track employees' email, stop an incoming virus, or control internal communication by using a software program that prevents employees from forwarding documents over the Internet.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Humbert, D. (2014, July 14). 3 necessary steps to maintain data security. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.chromeriver.com/blog/3-necessary-steps-to-maintain-datasecurity
82. B
Following the manufacturer's operating instructions. Machinery can be dangerous to operate, so businesses should make sure that the employees who operate the machinery receive training according to the manufacturer's instructions. In some situations, the manufacturer will provide the training. Reading promotional materials will not provide employees with adequate training to operate complex machinery. Unless they are properly trained, employees should not perform maintenance activities on machinery. If the machinery is not handled appropriately, employees could be seriously injured and the machinery could be damaged. If some of the employees' responsibilities are to operate the machinery, then the supervisors' jobs should ensure that employees operate the machinery properly, rather than operate it themselves.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: University of Nebraska. (2015). Safe operating procedure. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://ehs.unl.edu/sop/s-gen_machine_safety.pdf
83. C
Fatigue. Chip has a very heavy schedule and may not be getting enough sleep. Lack of attention on the job due to fatigue can cause people to make careless mistakes. In this situation, there is no indication that Chip was under the influence of drugs or alcohol or that his vision is poor. However, these conditions could be the cause of unsafe acts.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: NIIOSH. (n.d.). Preventing deaths, injuries, and illnesses of young workers. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/docs/2003-128/pdfs/2003128FS.pdf
84. B
Report the accident to a supervisor or manager. Even though an injury is minor, a supervisor or manager should handle any sort of situation in which the business may be subject to lawsuits or liable for damages of any kind. A person with a minor injury would not be immobile and would not need to move unless s/he is causing a traffic problem. Medical emergency numbers are used only in cases of serious accidents or injuries. Offering to take the person to his/her home might be done later, if necessary, but it would not be an immediate step to take.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
85. D
Use a password system. Businesses can limit employees' access to computer information by assigning passwords to certain employees. For example, a company's accounting department typically works with customers' financial records, so accounting-department employees are most likely to have authorization to view financial data. On the other hand, the advertising department does not usually use customers' financial information to carry out its activities, so advertising-department employees would not be given passwords to access customers' financial information. Reviewing security policies and performing backup procedures do not limit employees' access to certain business information. Debugging software corrects errors (bugs) associated with specific computer software programs.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Swartz, K.G. (2013, February 6). Protecting intangible assets. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from http://www.i4biz.com/money-finance/protecting-intangible-assets/
86. C
Planning. Planning is deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Deciding to go to an amusement park over a weekend is an example of planning. Scope is what a project will and will not include. Organizing is the function of setting up the way a business's work will be done. Transparency is maintaining open and truthful communication.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
87. C
Gap analysis. Gap analysis is a tool that allows you to identify the discrepancies between your project and its plan. It can help you analyze data and evaluate success. Feasibility analysis is examining such factors as demand, costs, competition, capital investment required, and potential profit of a product or service to determine how it will fit into the company's product mix. Competitive analysis is the process of comparing a business's income statement with that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. An environmental analysis is a study of the external forces that influence a business's success.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
88. A
The business gathering sales data and inventory information. The ordering process begins with information gathering by the business. The business may obtain sales data such as sales records or inventory reports. Sales data is then provided to the appropriate employee (e.g., buyer) who uses the information in preparing orders. Businesses use a variety of methods to assess customer needs on an ongoing basis—not just specifically with the ordering process. Depending on the type of business involved, buyers may go on buying trips, but this is not the beginning of the buying process. Businesses do not necessarily exhaust all inventory before they order more items; however, they monitor inventory levels on a regular basis.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Benoliel, I. (2016, October 8). How to forecast inventory needs. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.allbusiness.com/how-to-forecast-inventory-needs-12365224-1.html
89. B
Sport utility vehicle. The conversion process is the stage of production in which inputs are turned into goods or services. Capital-intensive conversion processes depend on the use of equipment to create outputs. Businesses use capital-intensive conversion processes to make mass-produced goods such as vehicles, fuel, and canned food items. Cutting hair, making a quilt by hand, and repairing a computer are labor-intensive conversion processes because they rely heavily on the skills of workers to create the goods or services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
90. D
Efficient. Organized employees usually are more efficient because their materials will be in order. They will know where to find things and be able the plan the use of their time. Being orderly and systematic prevents delays, reduces frustrations, and decreases the number of mistakes employees might make. Being orderly and systematic does not necessarily help employees be more creative, responsible, or honest.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2018, February 6). Organizational skills. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/organizational-skills-525748
91. D
Specific. Setting a specific goal is much more effective than setting a general goal. An abstract goal would be unclear and difficult to define. An ambiguous goal would be difficult to understand.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. A
Innovation skills. Employees who have innovation skills are able to think creatively and find new ways to deal with problems, issues, and situations. Having innovation skills is often important in the workplace because it may be necessary for employees to deal with unusual or unique situations. If they have never dealt with these situations before, they have no previous experience to rely on to decide what to do. If they are innovative, they have a better chance of finding appropriate ways to deal with the unique situations. Having outgoing personalities, indifferent attitudes, and natural talents will not necessarily enable employees to find new ways to deal with unique situations in the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
93. D
Self-esteem. Self-esteem is the regard or respect that you have for yourself. Employees who recognize their strengths and weaknesses are able to accept who they are and like themselves, which is the basis of self-esteem. Self-fulfillment involves achieving personal growth and reaching one's fullest potential. Self-understanding is comprehending one's own abilities, interests, values, attitudes, and personality traits and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Self-preservation involves preserving oneself from destruction or harm.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 608-613]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
94. C
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sickleave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
95. D
Use various assessment tools. Using more than one assessment tool will give more accurate results about an individual's abilities and interests. There are a variety of assessment tools available that identify a person's interests, talents, aptitudes, and preferences. Analyzing the results of these assessment tools will help individuals identify suitable occupations. Popular careers are not best suited for everyone. Career fairs and friends can provide suggestions, but they offer a narrow range of options.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Mckay, D.R. (2017, September 10). How to use self assessment tools to help you choose a career. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/selfassessment-tools-choose-a-career-526172
96. D
I have skills that this company could use. Recognizing and appreciating your own skills gives you selfconfidence and helps you present yourself well in a job interview. All of the other alternatives represent an over-confident or cocky attitude that is likely to make a negative impression on the interviewer.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [p. 371]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
97. B
A résumé is attached. The purpose of writing a letter of application is to indicate the job being applied for and the individual's interest in and qualifications for the job. Since the letter should be brief, it is important to attach a résumé that more fully explains the applicant's education and previous work experience. However, the letter should state that a résumé is attached so the business will know to look for the résumé and to read it to obtain additional information about the applicant. It is not important for individuals to state that they have many references, that a friend works for the business, or that they are in need of a job when writing a letter of application.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2018, August 29). How to write a cover letter. Retrieved October 16, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-write-a-cover-letter-2060169
98. B
Have no paid work experience. Many individuals, especially those who are recent graduates, do not have paid work experience. To compensate for the lack of experience, they often include in their résumés information about their involvement in volunteer programs and charitable organizations. Although they were not paid for this work, they gained valuable experience in a work-related environment. Individuals do not list this type of information because they are socially responsible, do not expect a high salary, or will need a lot of training.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 640-643]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
99. B
Maintain their professional certifications. Many professions—accounting, finance, medical, and education—require certification to work in their fields. Because these fields are always changing, workers are required to update their knowledge and skills to maintain their certifications. Continuing education often involves taking classes and attending seminars and workshops. Professionals are not required to take continuing education classes to improve their standard of living, demonstrate their emotional intelligence, or supplement their existing income.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Britt, D. (2012, August). The importance of continuing education. Retrieved October 14, 2018, from http://source.southuniversity.edu/the-importance-of-continuing-education98201.aspx
100. A
Top; bottom. In general, authority flows from top to bottom within a chain of command. This means that each person within the hierarchy reports to the person directly above him/her. Authority does not flow from bottom to top, department to department, or from employee to manager within a chain of command.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don't Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)
Test 1211
Business Administration Core Exam
1. B
Common law. Common law is law created by court decisions rather than through written legislation. Since there are no courts that can overrule the U.S. Supreme Court, its decisions have the force of law, including when it rules that a business activity is unconstitutional. This example does not depict the creation of a federal agency, state law, or international law.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163 Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
Reading the review questions at the end of each chapter or section. When reading a textbook, it is helpful to review the questions at the end of the chapter because the review questions' answers typically indicate the most relevant information or key points covered in the chapter or section. Taking detailed notes about each example in the text is not feasible and may not be helpful in identifying the most important information. The glossary defines key terms; however, the glossary does not put the terms in the context needed to understand the text as a whole. Titles and subtitles describe the topics that are to be covered in the text but do not provide detailed information that might be relevant.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Education Corner. (2019). Strategies for reading textbooks. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.educationcorner.com/textbook-strategies.html
3. D
Company policies identify general company rules. Company policies are rules made in advance by management to assist employees in decision-making. They are typically general rather than specific in nature and relate to the company's overall vision. Company policies also describe to whom the rules apply and why they exist. Company policies and procedures are not the same; company procedures provide more detailed step-by-step plans of how to carry out policies and processes. Company procedures identify very specific employee actions, such as what to do in the event of an emergency.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Difference Between.info. (2012-2015). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-andprocedure
4. C
Listen with empathy. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Listening with empathy helps the listener understand the speaker's point of view. You should stand a reasonable distance from the speaker. Standing too close may be interpreted as aggressiveness. If you are thinking about what you will say next, you may not hear everything that the speaker says. Background noise exists in all environments and cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, D. (2020). BCON (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
5. C
Pay close attention to the question and ask for clarification, if needed. When answering inquiries, it's important to pay close attention to the question. If Matt wants to offer great customer service, he should be sure to ask for clarification, if necessary. He should not answer the question if he doesn't know the answer. He should show the customer that he is interested in his/her question. He shouldn't spend more time than necessary answering customer questions it's important to be concise when answering inquiries.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
6. A
Empathic. Being empathic is acting according to an intellectual identification with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. It is often helpful to imagine yourself in your friend's place, to try to understand how s/he feels. By doing so, you often gain insight and can better help your friend by providing thoughtful advice. If you are too formal, judgmental, or businesslike with a friend, you may come across as uncaring, and you may offend your friend.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. D
Being a good listener requires active-listening skills. To be a good listener while handling telephone calls, you need to learn to shut out distractions, put aside what you are working on, and focus on what the speaker is saying. This is not a natural skill, but it is one that can be learned through practice. There will still be times when, no matter how carefully you listen, you will have to ask questions.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
8. D
Organize his notes in a logical manner. Effective note-taking is essential in school as well as on the job. Regardless of whether you are in a university lecture hall or in a staff meeting, taking notes helps you better remember important information and record facts, figures, and other details that may not be available elsewhere. Notes that are organized in a logical manner are much clearer, more understandable, and easier to read than notes that follow no form at all. When taking notes, it is not necessary to capture every word that is said. Instead, you should focus on the main points and subpoints of the conversation. It is also not necessary to write notes in complete sentences. To save time and space, you should use abbreviations and symbols whenever appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Vanderkam, L. (2015, May 14). How to master the art of taking better notes. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.fastcompany.com/3046058/how-to-master-the-art-oftaking-better-notes
9. A
Be thorough. Effective written communication must be thorough and contain all the information necessary for the recipient to respond or react. Effective written communication answers the questions of who, what, when, where, why, and how. Recipients of effective written communication will understand exactly what the senders are trying to convey. Effective written communication should not be repetitious, wordy, or trite.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Mulkeen, D. (2016, April 19). 8 top tips for effective business writing. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.communicaid.com/communication-skills/blog/communicationskills/top-tips-for-effective-business-writing-2/
10. B
No paragraph indents. Many businesses use the full-block method to format business letters. All components of the letter (date, address, greeting, body, closing, signature block) use left justification, which means all text is aligned on the left margin. Writers using the full-block format do not indent the first sentence of each paragraph. Other formatting characteristics of full-block letters are the use of singlespacing within the paragraphs and the use of double-spacing between the paragraphs.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
11. C
Clear language. A good business letter should present a message in plain language that is clear and easy to understand. The message should be well organized so that it follows a logical sequence. A combination of long and short paragraphs is more effective than a series of long paragraphs. Popular clichés, catchy phrases, and slang are inappropriate in business letters.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
12. C
An email requesting vendor pricing and discounts. An inquiry is a request for information. Businesses often send emails requesting information from other businesses. Some requests might include product pricing, membership eligibility, or shipping dates. A performance review, meeting agenda, and financial report provide business information. The information is not an inquiry unless someone asks for something.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
13. D
Fired. An individual's "personal brand" on social media can either positively or negatively influence a company and its ability to achieve its organizational goals. If an individual publicly tweets negative comments about his/her company, s/he is likely to be fired, not promoted. Employees serve as unofficial brand ambassadors for their companies, so it is important that they represent their company well at all times even online. An individual who publicly tweets negative comments about his/her company may be laughed at, but it is more likely that s/he would be fired. It is unlikely that an employee would be prosecuted for publicly tweeting negative comments about his/her company, since this behavior is protected under free speech laws.
SOURCE: CO:205
SOURCE: America's Job Exchange. (2019). Don't tweet your way out of a job—It's easy. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.americasjobexchange.com/career-advice/the-dangers-oftwitter
14. A
A phone call. Interactive communication goes two ways. There is a back-and-forth conversation involved, like on a phone call. Voice mails, letters, and reports are considered static communication because they do not involve interaction. If Penelope wants to use an interactive channel of communication, she should call her employees. She might also consider talking to them in person.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
15. B
Join in the discussion. For staff meetings to be effective, all employees should participate in the discussion. The purpose of staff meetings usually is to discuss issues that are of importance to the business, or to solve problems. Therefore, employees should join in the discussion rather than remain silent because their ideas and opinions are valuable. Employees should not comment on every detail. Employees should adequately explain their ideas, but it is not effective to start an argument with those who disagree.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 13-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
16. C
Takes more time. Group problem-solving takes more time than individual problem-solving because of conflicting schedules, differing opinions, and more discussion. Group problem-solving increases conformity and risk-taking, rather than decreasing them. Finally, group problem-solving increases communication rather than hindering it.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Becraft, M.B. (2017). Business management (14th ed.) [Lesson 13.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
17. B
Result in customer satisfaction. Making customers feel important is a goal of demonstrating a customer service mindset. Customers should feel welcome and that their satisfaction is important to everyone concerned. By focusing on the customers' needs, employees can increase sales and, in most cases, bring themselves personal fulfillment. The customer service mindset should be practiced by all employees regardless of whether employees have direct contact with customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
18. B
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 13]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
19. A
Nature of the business. A business's policies must be appropriate for the type of business. For example, a policy that might be appropriate for an investment business might be inappropriate for a hardware store. Not all business policies are written, and it would not be necessary to display them. The personal preferences of management should not be a consideration. Employees who lack good communication skills can receive training that will improve their skills in communicating policies to customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019). How to create effective policies. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/create-effective-policies-14989.html
20. D
Indecisive. Martha is working with an indecisive customer because the customer is having great difficulty making a choice or buying decision. A suspicious customer doubts or questions everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced something is true. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a product. A disagreeable customer is a client who is unpleasant and hard to help because they are argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
21. D
Reinforce that the customer is making the right buying decision. During the sale, touchpoints should be designed to reinforce that the customer is making the right buying decision. By this point, presale touchpoints should have gotten the customer's attention and shown the benefits the brand offers. Resolving problems with the product is typically something that occurs after the sale.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006 Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
22. A
Conserve the firm's capital goods. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Trucks that are taken care of will last longer. Adding more trucks would be an example of increasing the number of capital goods. Natural resources are items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services. Human resources, or workers, are retrained to develop new skills.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
23. D
Consumption. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is consumption, which is the economic process or activity of using goods and services. For consumption to occur, goods and services must be produced, or made. Producers, consumers, and reSOURCE: owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided between producers and reSOURCE: owners.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
24. A
Ratio. A ratio is a fixed relation in number or degree between two similar things. Therefore, if the relative price of two items is cut in half or doubles, the ratio would remain the same. Value is the amount of satisfaction that a good or service will provide a customer. A market is any circumstance in which buyers and sellers exchange goods or services for a price. A reSOURCE: is any item that is used to produce goods or services.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012 When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
25. C
A safe working environment. Most businesses feel this is one of their most important responsibilities toward employees. Few businesses provide free meals or free entertainment on a regular basis. It is impossible to provide a stress-free atmosphere.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
26. D
Market economy. A market (free enterprise) economy is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than the government, own or control the means of production. A characteristic of a market economy is that individuals and businesses can use their skills and other resources to compete with other individuals and businesses for scarce consumer dollars. A communist command economy is a command economic system in which the government controls the economic system and does not allow private ownership of resources and production. Imperialism occurs when one territory or country takes control, often by force, of the political and economic system of another territory or country. An independent society is a group of people who may or may not be involved in business activities.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
27. A
Prevention. Careful screening of job applicants is one way that businesses attempt to prevent risk by hiring only competent and trustworthy people. In this example, the risk of having incompetent or dishonest employees is not transferred to another business or person, retained by doing nothing, or avoided by not hiring employees at all.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
28. D
Direct. Direct competition is the rivalry between or among businesses that offer similar types of goods or services. Price competition is a type of rivalry between or among businesses that focuses on the use of price to attract scarce customer dollars. Indirect competition is a rivalry between or among businesses which offer dissimilar goods or services. Strict competition is a distractor.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
29. C
Motivated. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are motivated. They have a strong desire to succeed. They often set high standards for themselves so that whatever they do is evaluated in terms of their goals. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are not necessarily prosperous or impatient. Transparent people are who they say they are and have nothing to hide.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
30. C
To develop a positive aspect of her life. Affirmations are positive statements about present or desired strengths. These are things that you want to accept, incorporate, or develop. Carrying around 3x5 index cards for a week would be unproductive if Mary does not write positive affirmations relating to her development of motivation on the job. To daydream about being a superstar in life does not advance Mary's self-esteem. The difference between self-esteem and affirmations is that self-esteem is the way people feel about themselves, and an affirmation is a positive statement, or statements, that assist in the development or improvement of a person's self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Sheridan, K. (2019). How to boost your self-esteem & confidence in the work place. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/boost-self-esteemconfidence-work-place-23101.html
31. B
Adaptability. This is the ability to be flexible and to change with the times. Friendliness means to display good feelings toward others. Loyalty means giving steady support. Tact is the ability to say the right thing in all circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
32. D
Self-confidence. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Ethical standards are the basic principles or unwritten rules that govern your behavior and help you recognize right from wrong. Systematic behavior involves conducting activities in an organized, logical, and methodical manner. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (n.d.). Building self-confidence. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
33. B
Lies are hard to keep track of. Honesty is the best policy. It's hard to keep track of lies, and they tend to sneak up on you after a while. Lies may get you out of trouble or turn a bad situation around for a short time, but, in the end, you will be in more trouble for lying. Liars lose respect, never gain it.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
34. D
Consistent. Consistency means treating everyone the same regardless of the situation or circumstances. Since Bill treats all of his staff the same way, he is being consistent. This situation does not show that Bill is empathetic, biased, or generous.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
35. B
Buying a jacket. Buying a jacket is a limited decision that is not made frequently and involves some degree of consideration. Brushing your teeth and ordering lunch are everyday decisions that are considered routine decisions. Getting married is an extensive decision because it carries a lot of risk and a long-term impact.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091 Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
36. A
Desire to prove yourself. The desire to look good at work or at school can lead to ethical dilemmas. If, for example, you want to prove yourself at school, you may be tempted to cheat on your tests. This is not an example of being influenced by conflicting values, pressure from others, or bad role models.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124 What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
37. D
Technology hampers one's ability to manage commitments. Technology makes it difficult to manage commitments because it is easier to do more and to do more at once. Jon finds it difficult to focus on getting one task done because of the constant presence of his email, prompting him to take on other commitments before he finishes the first. This is not an example of how organization leads to overcommitment, how commitment leads to professional success, or how perfectionism allows people to better manage commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077 Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
38. C
Have a positive attitude. Self-control helps you have a positive attitude, which is very important to successful living. Self-control helps you replace negative thoughts with positive approaches to problems. In this example, Jennifer's self-control helped remind her that life may be full of difficult situations, but it is also full of opportunities. Self-control helps people in difficult situations avoid reacting negatively or in a defensive manner. People who exhibit self-control often are able to respond factually, even in difficult situations.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
39. C
Necessary. Criticism is used by your employer or supervisor to let you know how you can improve your job performance. It lets you know what you are doing wrong and what is expected of you. Constructive criticism is not cruel or senseless. Fair criticism is not only tolerable but valuable and desirable.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
40. C
To respect their privacy. Some businesses consider email to be corporate property and routinely monitor the messages that employees send and receive. If a business monitors email, it should inform its employees in order to respect their privacy. Employees have the right to know if someone in the business will read their email so that they can decide the type of information they will include. They might not want to send or receive personal messages if they know a manager might read their mail. A business that informs employees that their email will be monitored is communicating a policy. Businesses do not inform employees that their email will be monitored to reduce their liability or to control operating costs.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [pp. 90-91]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
41. B
Nonverbal communication. Nonverbal communication is forms of communication that do not involve the use of words. It may include facial expression, body posture or movement, eye contact, and appearance. In this situation, the staff members are using body movements to express approval. This is not inappropriate behavior. The group is making an animated response, but it does not involve conversation or sign language, which is a formal kind of communication method using signs to represent letters and words.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dunfrene, D.D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 47-56]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. C
Assertiveness. Assertiveness is a positive trait that is vital to personal happiness and career success. Passiveness is the failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. Defensiveness is an attitude of constantly expecting to be attacked. Aggressiveness is a negative trait, and aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
43. B
Improve performance in many areas. A quality circle is a team of employees with similar roles who meet regularly to discuss issues and solve problems. Quality circles stay intact from project to project and seek to make improvements in a wide range of areas across the organization. Quality circles generally do not seek to solve a large organizational problem, complete a specific one-time task, or increase social contact among organizations.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045 Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
44. A
Show her why ethical behavior is valuable to her and others. Many people ignore ethics because they don't realize how important ethics are and how serious the consequences of unethical behavior can be. Sasha does not see the importance of behaving ethically in regard to her homework. To best help her, you should make sure she understands why it is important to be ethical. She will then be more likely to do so. You should not necessarily report her behavior to your teacher because Sasha has not done anything wrong, yet. While it is a good idea to follow the rules, Sasha's belief that ethics aren't valuable likely won't change just from noticing what you do. Finally, telling Sasha that you do not approve of her decision to cheat wouldn't be as effective as explaining why ethical behavior is valuable.
SOURCE: EI:132
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132 Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)
45. C
Reachable goals. Individuals who have an achievement orientation want to do their best and be successful. One way to develop an achievement orientation is to establish reachable goals. Achieving goals builds confidence and self-esteem and encourages individuals to continue achieving. If the goals are unrealistic, individuals might fail, which often leads to giving up rather than trying to achieve in the future. To achieve the goals, it is often necessary to establish firm deadlines. Establishing personal relationships and safe conditions are not ways of developing an achievement orientation.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
46. A
Celebrate success. Leading change can be a long, hard process. Change leaders should celebrate a successful change with everyone who was involved. They should address resistance before the change is complete. Explaining why the change is necessary and creating a communication plan are tasks that should be done early in the change process.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022 Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
47. A
Vision. A vision for a business is what the business wants to become. Management and employees have a shared vision when they have the same idea of what the business is capable of being in the future. When everyone in the business shares the vision, that vision has a better chance of becoming a reality because everyone is working for the same future. A business might realize a vision by setting several goals to achieve. A vision is more than a dream or an idea.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
48. A
Carrying your own weight. Calling in sick only if you are truly sick is an example of carrying your own weight in the process of building positive working relationships. When you carry your own weight, you are not making your coworkers pick up unnecessary slack. Although calling in only when you're truly sick does not demonstrate getting to know others on your work team, your honesty does relate to having a good attitude and being cooperative. The example is best, however, for carrying your own weight as you foster positive working relationships.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
49. D
You will face conflicting viewpoints many times in life. There will be plenty of instances in your life when you will be confronted with viewpoints and opinions that conflict with each other, including at home, at school, and at work. It is important, therefore, that you learn how to handle them so that you can be a successful student, employee, and citizen. Other people's opinions are not always wrong, and you don't need to know how to convince others that you are right. It is not impossible for people to change their minds.
SOURCE: EI:136
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136 Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
50. B
Deciding whether to lie to a friend. When you're dealing with an ethical situation, you're deciding whether something is right or wrong. Often in an ethical situation, if you pick the wrong choice, someone (or something) could be harmed. This doesn't necessarily mean that the issue must be life or death, but that the wrong action could cause someone or something to be hurt. When you're deciding whether or not to lie to a friend, there is a right and wrong decision. There is no right or wrong decision when you're deciding what to eat for lunch, what to buy, or what movie to see.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)
51. D
Currency. Currency is the money that a country uses to buy and sell goods and services. There are several types of currency. For example, coins and paper money are types of currency because they can be used to buy products. Coins and paper money generally are used by individuals to purchase the products they need. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by the government that promise to pay bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. A dividend is a sum of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment. Dividends are often sent to the investor in the form of a check. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Frankenfield, J. (2019, July 14). Currency. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/currency.asp
52. D
Increases your savings over your lifetime. Investing can help you build wealth and meet your financial goals because it often increases the value of your money over time. Investing does not guarantee that you will not lose any money; however, if you invest wisely, it is unlikely that you will suffer significant losses overall. Investing does require money to begin, but it does not require a lot of money. You can invest as little or as much as you would like. While investing can be a good way to ensure your future financial health, it does not eliminate the need to save for retirement.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Caldwell, M. (2019, March 7). How to begin to build wealth. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-do-i-begin-to-build-wealth-2386145
53. B
Gives them the right to inspect the files of their credit history. This lets the consumer make sure that there are no errors in the report or, if errors exist, to have them corrected. The Truth-in-Lending Act makes it easy for consumers to compare the terms of different credit systems and provides guidelines that institutions must use in extending credit. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act protects consumers from being discriminated against when applying for credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. B
File a judicial lien. A lien is a legal claim to an item of property that protects the seller if the buyer does not complete his/her payments. If a debtor does not make payments as promised, the lender can take legal action to obtain the debtor's assets or items of collateral, such as a home, car, etc. The debtor, rather than the lender, may need to liquidate assets to fulfill her/his legal obligation to the lender. If the debtor doesn't have any assets, s/he may need to file for bankruptcy. Defamation involves writing or saying something that damages an individual's or an organization's reputation.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: USLegal. (1997-2019). Judicial lien law & legal definition. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://definitions.uslegal.com/j/judicial-lien/
55. B
Excise. Excise taxes are specific, targeted taxes that are applied to specific goods and use a flat rate. In contrast, sales tax applies to almost every purchase and is a percentage of the sale price. Sales taxes also vary by state and by the type of item bought. Estate tax is imposed on the transfer of property upon the death of the owner. Capital gains tax is charged on profits made from the sale of assets such as stock or real estate.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Fay, B. (2019). Types of taxes. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.debt.org/tax/type/
56. C
The name of the recipient. When writing a check, the name of the check's recipient goes on the line after the phrase "Pay to the order of." The amount paid goes on the line below. The signature goes in the bottom right corner. The current date goes in the top right corner.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2019, May 14). See how to write a check—Step-by-step explanation. Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-write-a-check-4019395
57. A
To balance an account. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. This procedure is also known as balancing an account. The purpose is to determine the actual amount of money that is in the account. To do this, it may be necessary to add in deposits that have not been posted or subtract checks that have not cleared. If the checking account pays interest, that amount will be listed on the bank statement. It is not necessary to read and reconcile bank statements to withdraw excess money or to make a deposit.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 5-1d]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
58. D
Consumers. Consumers should monitor their credit reports because an error could be made by any organization contributing information to a credit bureau. Monitoring credit reports is also helpful in detecting fraud. Credit bureaus can help resolve errors on a consumer's credit report, but they are not responsible for verifying all the credit information contained within a report. Organizations that have extended credit or reported consumer payments can only verify transactions that involved those organizations.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 156165]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. D
Monthly payment schedule. Developing a monthly payment schedule can help individuals organize, manage, and pay their bills on time. Computer spreadsheets, schedule templates, and calendars are several effective ways to manage the bill-paying process. Regardless of the format used, individuals should note the payee's name, amount due, due date, date paid, and the method of payment. If writing a check, the check number should also be noted on the payment schedule. Individuals do not organize and manage their bills by using a scatter chart, a work calendar, or credit report.
SOURCE: FI:565
SOURCE: Haagensen, E. (2019, June 25). Procrastinator's guide to bill payment. Retrieved August 19, 2019, https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/08/stop-paying-bills-late.asp
60. A
The cost of credit. When you take out a line of credit, you agree to terms and conditions that outline how and when you will pay the money back. Most lines of credit have interest rates, which means that the lender can collect additional money from you if you fail to pay back the loan by a certain time. By making only the minimum payment each month, Craig's credit balance would have increased due to accumulated interest. The increased balance would not be a result of income tax, social security, or Craig's credit score.
SOURCE: FI:782
SOURCE: Vohwinkle, J. (2019, June 25). The true cost of credit cards. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/the-true-cost-of-credit-cards-1289627
61. C
Commercial bank or credit union. Savings and loan banks, commercial banks, and credit unions are depositing-taking institutions. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members, who own the credit union. Commercial banks offer a variety of services for consumers including checking and savings accounts, credit cards, and automobile loans. A savings and loan bank is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers, most of which are for real-estate purchases. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. A mortgage company specializes in real-estate (property) loans.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: State of Connecticut. (2019). ABC's of banking. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://portal.ct.gov/DOB/Consumer/Consumer-Education/ABCs-of-Banking Banks-Thriftsand-Credit-Unions
62. A
They are an investor's personal link to the stock exchange. Investment brokers are licensed and registered "middlemen" without them, you can't invest. Brokers are the only people who are authorized to buy and sell securities, so they are an investor's personal link to the stock exchange. Brokers are not research analysts. Research analysis is a separate part of a brokerage house where in-depth investigation of companies and industries takes place. Brokers are salespeople they get paid to make transactions for investors. Brokers are responsible for providing suitable investment council at all times, but this doesn't necessarily mean they're responsible for making the investor money. It just means that the advice a broker gives has to make sense for the present financial situation. Good brokers realize that the investor is ultimately in control of his or her own money. While a broker can make suggestions for the investor to consider, s/he shouldn't pressure the investor into making any decisions.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2019, June 25). How to pick a broker. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/younginvestors/06/firstbroker.asp
63. B
Increase sales. Businesses often want to add new products to their offerings as a way to increase sales. They need to study financial information to make sure they can afford to do so. Adding new products is not managing debt, checking up on the competition, or reducing expenses.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. C
Cash method. Many small businesses that do not offer credit use the cash method because it tracks the actual amount of cash that the business has on hand. With the cash accounting method, income and expenditures are recorded at the time the money changes hands. Expenses are not recorded when they are incurred but on the date that the bills for them are paid. The accrual method records the expense at the time it is incurred, even if a check is used to pay the bill. COD and check are methods of payment but not accounting methods.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Growing in value. When return on capital is positive, the company is growing in value. When return on capital is negative, the company is losing value. A high return on capital would not indicate that a company is low on cash. Businesses can have a high return on capital but not pay out dividends.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. A
Create a budget, and stick to it. The best way to avoid debt is to not spend more money than you have. This means creating a budget and sticking to it! Sometimes big purchases (such as cars, houses, or a college education) are necessary, but they should never be impulse buys. Big purchases should be planned (and budgeted) for. Making just the minimum payment each month can lead to lots of interest, which you don't want if you're trying to avoid debt. If possible, you should always pay off the full balance on your credit card. Using credit cards for purchases you can't afford is dangerous and can quickly lead to excessive debt if you aren't careful. It's a good idea not to charge purchases to your credit card if you know you won't be able to pay for them when your bill comes.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2019, June 25). How to manage debt of any size. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-manage-your-debt-960856
67. D
Strategic management. When HR management executives participate in a company's long-range planning efforts, they are taking part in strategic management. Strategic management may take into account marketing, budgeting, and financial analysis, but HR managers will be present to ensure that the company is planning now to have the human resources it needs tomorrow.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. B
Promotion. The promotion function focuses on informing customers about new products, improved products, new uses for existing products, and special values on products. Businesses use a variety of communication channels to inform customers about products including advertising and sales promotion. The marketing-information management function focuses on gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decision-making. The product/service management function focuses on obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product mix in response to market opportunities. The pricing function focuses on determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet the customers' perceptions of value.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001 Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
69. C
"The truth about commercial interest rate increases." When you place quotes around a phrase or title in the search field, the search engine will show results only for those websites containing that exact phrase. Placing a dash in front of the word means that you do not want the word included in the search. Placing an underscore between words and parentheses around the phrase is less likely to retrieve the exact results desired.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google. (2019). Refine web searches. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en
70. A
Expertise and knowledge. An important consideration when evaluating the reliability of a journal article is the author's expertise and knowledge about the subject matter. Age and gender are not primary factors to consider when evaluating the reliability of a journal article that addresses a complex issue or topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: University of Southern Queensland. (n.d.). Using the R.E.V.I.E.W. method. Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://lor.usq.edu.au/usq/file/f9ec7f38-3676-4197-9e68c6739cba79b0/1/evaluating-researchresources.zip/content/index.html#/lessons/MOSKsWQL4Xa60zyzBsGNE188F7svvk4?_k=oxrdq3
71. D
Summarizing. Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing are all ways to incorporate another writer's work into your own. Although they are similar, there are key differences among them. Quoting occurs when you use someone else's text word-for-word. Paraphrasing involves using a section of the SOURCE: material, but putting it into your own words. What Reese is doing is summarizing putting the ideas in the SOURCE: material into his own words but including only the main points. His summary will be much shorter than the original text, since he's only including the most important information. Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing are not the same as plagiarizing. Plagiarizing occurs when you use someone else's words or ideas and don't credit him/her. That's not what Reese is doing, since he's being careful to cite the original source. Avoiding plagiarism is very important, since it's dishonest, and it can have negative consequences at school or work.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2019). Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/using_research/quoting_paraphrasing_and _summarizing/index.html
72. C
Identity theft. A risk involved with information management is leaving customers unprotected from identity theft. An information management program that does not use technology properly may put customers' personal information at risk. Appropriate information management will not necessarily protect customers from bad service, high prices, or faulty products.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
73. A
It permanently stores the computer program files and data. The hard drive is the component of the computer's central processing unit (CPU) that stores the computer's program files and inputted data. A sound card is a device that transmits sound waves through the computer so the user can hear audio elements. A computer monitor allows the user to view the computer data. The power supply transmits power to other computer devices (e.g., printer) so they can operate.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Lacoma, T. (2018, March 19). What is a hard drive? Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/what-is-a-hard-drive-your-guide-to-computerstorage/
74. D
Track their appointments. Most mobile devices have calendar and scheduling applications that allow users to set and track their tasks and appointments. Mobile devices also include Internet access to check email, text-messaging functions to send text messages to clients, and global positioning systems (GPS), which are navigational tools that help users obtain driving directions.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Wax, D. (n.d.) Use your mobile phone to stay organized on the go. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.lifehack.org/articles/featured/use-mobile-phone-to-stay-organized-onthe-go.html
75. B
Engine. Search engines (such as Google, Yahoo, or Bing) find web pages that correspond to the phrases, key words, or topics you enter. If Dara searches for her research report topic, she will receive results that correspond to that topic. Search engines are not referred to as machines, technologies, or groups.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Kimmons, J. (2019, February 4). What is a search engine? Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/search-engine-2867354
76. A
Database. A database program allows the organized collection of information with pieces of information related to one another. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information. Spreadsheets, word-processing software, and computer-aided design do not perform the functions required by the business.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2019, July 10). What is a database? Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-a-database-1019737
77. A
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses are able to enter mathematical information into rows and columns, and the software provides accurate calculations in a matter of seconds. Database software programs maintain information according to specific criteria. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. Graphics software programs are used to combine text and pictures to create visual impact.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Masters, T. (2019, January 28). Spreadsheets vs. databases. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/spreadsheets-vs-databases-53907.html
78. B
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's website. Stella can register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television cables. Ethernet is a local area network.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Tester, A. (2016, December 21). Publishing your website in three steps. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-your-website.php
79. A
Keeping costs low. Because operations managers control so much of a business's money, they must focus on keeping costs low. Operations managers are not responsible for hiring employees, creating advertising campaigns, or generating publicity.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. A
Reporting noncompliance. Certain government agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported for noncompliance so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations and keep the workplace safe. An employee notifying a government agency is not an example of spreading gossip, unethical behavior, or verbal communication. In fact, the employee is exhibiting ethical behavior. Also, the employee may have notified the agency in writing which is nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: OSHA Education Center. (2019) How to report labor violations. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.oshaeducationcenter.com/articles/reporting-labor-violations/
81. C
Document from being forwarded. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. These software programs do not prevent a virus from being downloaded, an attachment from being included, or a search engine from being used.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Bartlett, M. (2016, February 13). Disable email forwarding in Outlook 2016 & 2013. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.technipages.com/outlook-disable-email-forwarding
82. D
Safety hazard. A safety hazard is any situation that has the potential to cause bodily harm. Machines and equipment can be hazardous to workers who don't know how to use them. Using specialized equipment without prior training can result in possible injury to the employee or a coworker. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Tension is stress.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., Jackson, J.H., Valentine, S.R., & Meglich, P.A. (2019). Human resources management (15th ed.) [Lesson 14.3c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
83. C
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees prevent accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they have occurred.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 564-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. A
Accepting a check from a customer who lacks funds to cover it. This is an example of customer fraud. Even though the employee may follow all procedures for handling checks, the check may still be "bad" because the customer does not have enough money in the bank to cover the check. An employee commits fraud when deliberately causing losses to the business by overcharging and keeping the difference, undercharging friends, and misusing the discount privilege.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 682-683]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
85. D
To reduce the possibility of loss. Businesses establish security procedures, which are activities that employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. For example, robbery usually results in financial loss. Employees do not follow established security procedures to create a pleasant facility, avoid the risk of accidents, or develop a healthy environment.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2018, December 31). Shoplifting prevention 101: A guide to stopping retail theft. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/shoplifting-prevention101-2890256
86. D
Stakeholders. Stakeholders are people who are impacted by the project in any way. Customers, team members, and workers might be stakeholders, but they are not the only people who are impacted by the project.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519 Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
87. D
Communications. Project teams usually develop a communications plan that they follow throughout the course of the project. Communications between teams and stakeholders need to be monitored. Monitoring communications includes making sure your planned communications are appropriate for your project, such as the project team determining that biweekly meetings were more appropriate than weekly meetings. This example does not involve monitoring budget, quality, or risk.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520 Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
88. C
It offers financial value. When it comes down to it, money matters. A successful project should bring money in rather than waste it. Whether or not the team is challenged by the project's work does not necessarily indicate project success. Successful project outcomes are sustainable rather than temporary. Finally, projects that come in under budget can be successful, but not in every instance.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521 Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
89. D
Its stores are located very far apart. Retail chains can grow so large that centralized buying no longer is effective. To correct this, the chains switch to decentralized buying in which the country is divided into districts, and district managers take responsibility to buy for district stores. Having buying carried out in one location and giving purchasing authority to buyers of different lines help make centralized buying effective.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
90. D
Planning work ahead of time. Planning work involves scheduling activities and making sure to have the supplies needed to complete tasks. This helps effectively manage time, so work can be done at a relaxed pace. Generally, employees who work at a relaxed pace do not make as many mistakes as those employees who are rushed and work on unnecessarily tight deadlines. Planning work often leads to greater productivity and efficiency, which means an employee is less likely to impose on coworkers for help to complete a task or project on time.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-5a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
91. D
Facts. This is a critical step in the problem-solving process and should be done immediately after the problem has been defined. Conduct an inventory of the facts by making lists or diagrams. It is not always possible to identify all the outcomes or consequences of a possible solution in advance. Solving problems does not always bring rewards other than the elimination of the problem.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077 No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
92. D
Identify an appropriate career. In order to find out which career would be most appropriate for you, you first need to know yourself. This involves identifying the things that interest you, as well as assessing your skills, aptitudes, and other traits. Assessing your interests will not help you increase your level of ability. It also will not help in measuring work skills or improving study habits.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Jordan, A., & Crews, T.B. (2019). Investigating your career (3rd ed.) [p. 12]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
93. C
Self-management. The ability to control one's own activities, behaviors, and attitudes in the workplace is often referred to as self-management. Employees who make a conscious effort to get to work on time each day are engaging in positive self-management skills. Other activities that employees can control in the workplace might include their ability to perform and produce quality work in a given time, willingness to learn new activities, level of flexibility, and degree of workplace socializing. Self-concept refers to how one views him/herself. Inner-qualitative and personal-orientation are not terms frequently used to describe self-control issues as they relate to the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
94. C
Complete an aptitude assessment survey. Many people have a difficult time selecting a career path that is right for them. Some people complete professionally developed aptitude assessment surveys to help them determine their aptitudes and skills. By considering factors such as personality type, abilities, interests, and learning style, a person can use the survey results to determine the career for which s/he is best suited. Although constructive input from friends and family might help Tia in assessing her career options, the information may not provide her with the objectivity and the detail she would receive from a professionally developed assessment survey. Developing a general interest questionnaire and surfing the Internet for job descriptions are not activities that will provide her with guidance in terms of her specific career selection.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Jordan, A., & Crews, T.B. (2019). Investigating your career (3rd ed.) [Lesson 3-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
95. D
Marketing communications. Taylor's career in public relations is in the area of marketing communications. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience of ideas, experiences, goods/services, and/or images. Examples of marketing communications techniques include advertising, direct marketing, digital marketing, publicity/public relations, and sales promotion. Taylor's career is not in the areas of operations management, professional selling, or marketing research. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business goods and/or services. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, designing datacollection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025 Go for It! (Careers in Business)
96. A
By training and continuous practice. Skill is defined as the ability to perform a task that is developed through knowledge, training, and practice. Entrepreneurs also grow by learning to be flexible and seeking advice from others. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When entrepreneurs seek advice, they exhibit open-minded behavior. Being open-minded is the ability to see different viewpoints. Being open-minded and flexible are behaviors that successful entrepreneurs generally exhibit. Autocratic leadership is a dictatorial style of leading in which the leader determines all policies, maintains close control, and lets employees know only what they need to know in order to do the job. Possessing this form of leadership does not necessarily help entrepreneurs develop the skills they need.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
97. B
Communication. Good communication skills will enable an applicant to perform well during an employment interview. An applicant who carefully listens to questions, provides brief but concise answers, and speaks clearly will make a positive impression on the interviewer. Proper body language, or nonverbal communication, such as maintaining eye contact and having a pleasant facial expression, also helps applicants interview effectively. Applicants with good communication skills usually are able to favorably explain their occupational, educational, and management skills to interviewers.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 645-648]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
98. C
Reinforce your qualifications and interest in the position. It is a courtesy to send follow-up letters to interviewers to thank them for their time. The applicant can use the letter to reinforce his/her qualifications and express his/her interest in the position. This letter may also help the interviewer remember the applicant. The follow-up letter should be brief the detailed information should have been provided in the application and résumé and during the interview. If the first interview did not go well, interviewers do not usually ask applicants for a second interview. It would be inappropriate to request more information about the job's salary and benefits in a follow-up letter. This type of information is typically provided when the employer extends a job offer to the applicant.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 15.4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
99. D
Work experience. Many young people have limited paid work experience, and many of these jobs may be in areas unrelated to their career goals. One way to obtain valuable work experience is to serve as a volunteer in a specific industry or for a business-related organization. Volunteer work refers to activities or tasks that a person performs without pay. Although responsibilities might be menial in nature, the experience provides the volunteer with insight as to how business operates and what is expected of employees. Volunteers usually do not receive monetary compensation, technical training, or guidance counseling.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, July 08). Volunteer to get valuable work experience. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/dream-job-timeline-2059455
100. B
Protection from consequences. If you follow the rules laid out by your organization, you will meet expectations and be protected from consequences. Increased organizational communication is a benefit that organizations, rather than individuals, receive from following rules of conduct. Increased financial compensation is not necessarily related to following rules of conduct. Finally, rules of conduct provide more ethical guidance rather than less.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251 Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
Test 1219
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
The spirit of the law. The spirit of the law is the intent of the law. It is the reason why the law was created and the way in which all people understand its interpretation. The letter of the law refers to the literal meaning of a law, as it is written, word for word. The meaning of the law and the understanding of the law are not specifically related to the social and moral consensus of how to interpret the law.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
What are the author's credentials? When identifying sources that provide relevant, valid written material, the researcher evaluates a variety of factors, including the credibility of the author. A credible author would have expertise and knowledge of the topic at hand. For example, an economics professor's article about aggregate demand would tend to be more trustworthy than if the article was written by a construction worker. Research reports should look at a topic from different viewpoints to ensure that it is objective and free of bias. Whether the author can be quoted or if a bibliography is required are not questions that address the reliability of the online information.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Cornell University Library. (2019, September 18). Critically analyzing information sources: Critical appraisal and analysis. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://guides.library.cornell.edu/criticallyanalyzing
3. A
Ask the department manager about the policy. If employees are not sure if they can or should work overtime, they should ask their department managers. Generally, department managers can authorize overtime for their subordinates. Departmental policies are not usually posted on the company's website. Overtime policies often vary by department, so asking an employee who works in another department is not an appropriate action to take. If the department manager is unavailable, the employee might ask the human resources manager about overtime policies.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: bizfluent.com. (2017, September 26). How to create an overtime policy. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/how-2076457-create-overtime-policy.html
4. C
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker, and its desire to hear what the speaker has to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Robinson, L., Segal, J., & Smith, M. (2019). Effective communication. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://www.helpguide.org/articles/relationships-communication/effectivecommunication.htm
5. B
Teleconferences. Verbal exchanges are based on spoken words. Other examples of verbal exchanges include talking in meetings, sales presentations, and speeches. Written communications utilize written words. Examples of written communication include letters, email messages, memos, reports, banner advertisements, and press releases.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Means, T.L. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.1: The Communication Process]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
6. B
Crossed arms. Individuals communicate with those around them verbally as well as nonverbally. Nonverbal cues—including facial expressions, eye contact, body language, tone of voice, and use of physical space—communicate as much as (or more than) a person's words. Nonverbal cues can express emotions, attitudes, rituals, etc. In North America, crossed arms often indicate defensiveness, although individuals may also cross their arms because they are cold, frightened, or cautious. Fingernail biting is typically a sign of nervousness. People often raise their eyebrows when they are surprised or are looking at something closely. When people put their hands behind their heads, they are indicating that they are comfortable and open to ideas.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 29-36). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
7. A
Give concrete examples. When giving verbal instructions, it's important to give concrete examples. This will ensure that your listeners will understand exactly what they're supposed to do. You should make eye contact with your listeners, not avoid eye contact. Information should be given in as few steps as possible. This makes it easier for your listeners to remember information and keep things straight. Although writing your directions can be helpful to your recipients, it may not always be practical.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (2001-2019). How to give verbal instructions. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://classroom.synonym.com/give-verbal-instructions-2108584.html
8. C
Potential problems. Objectivity involves evaluating something without bias. To evaluate without bias, you should look at the situation from different points of view and evaluate the positives and negatives of the ideas presented. Developing a pros-and-cons list can help you identify possible benefits and problems associated with the idea. Conducting research (e.g., market research, competitive analysis) and obtaining facts to support an idea may or may not be necessary.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Patrick, J. (2013, December 20). Establishing a process to evaluate ideas. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://boss.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/12/20/establishing-a-process-toevaluate-ideas/?_r=0
9. D
Ask the caller if s/he would like to leave a message. If a caller wants to speak to a specific employee who is unavailable, it is most courteous to ask if you can take a message or ask the caller if s/he would like to leave a voicemail message. There isn't enough information to determine if the caller wants to place an order or if you are in the position to help the caller. If Rhonda is in a meeting or out of the building, putting the caller on hold until you track her down or asking him/her to call back in a few minutes are not viable options. Additionally, placing a caller on hold for a long time and telling her/him to call later are rude responses.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 455]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
10. D
Cornell. The Cornell note-taking system uses two columns; on the right-hand side, students take notes during class (or while reading class materials). Afterwards, students review their notes and write significant words or phrases in the left-hand column. These key words help students study. Mapping and charting are methods of note-taking, but they are not illustrated in Vendela's example. Key-word review note-taking is not a term used to describe a method of note-taking.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: GoodNotes. (2018, May 9). The best note-taking methods for college students. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://medium.goodnotes.com/the-best-note-taking-methods-forcollege-students-451f412e264e
11. D
Flowchart. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. Flowcharts use text in a graphic format to present activities and processes. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A pie chart is a graphic aid that shows the frequency or distribution of parts in relation to a whole concept. A bar chart compares two or more variables in a graphical format. A geographic map is an illustration that shows the physical attributes (i.e., mountains, rivers) of a location or region.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Smartdraw. (1994-2019).Flowchart. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://www.smartdraw.com/flowchart/
12. A
Primary sources may be difficult to find. The writing process typically involves several steps: prewriting, drafting, revising, editing, and publishing. During the editing step, the writer or copyreader should review what has been written to determine if it meets certain criteria to be published and/or shared with others. These criteria include proper sentence structure, appropriate grammar and punctuation, correct spelling, etc. "Primary sources may be difficult to find" is the only statement that is properly structured, contains appropriate grammar and punctuation, and is spelled correctly. The word "quota" is singular, so "Roger's weekly sales-volume quota are $8,500" contains an incorrect verb (the verb should be "is," not "are"). In the statement "Carole is developing a prodect analysis sheet," the word "prodect" is spelled incorrectly (the correct spelling is "product"). The phrase "Frank, Gus, and Bob" is a plural subject, so the wrong verb is used in the predicate of the sentence (the verb should be "are" instead of "is").
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bright Hub Education. (2019). How to edit the rough draft, the fourth step of the writing process. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://www.brighthubeducation.com/middle-schoolenglish-lessons/7570-teaching-writing-process-how-to-edit/
13. B
Write “please” and “thank you” when necessary. It's important to be polite when writing professional emails. This means using “please” and “thank you” when necessary. You should avoid using all capitals, as this can make your recipient(s) think that you are angry. Your email should be brief, not as long as possible. You should get to your main point immediately, as some recipients may not read your entire email.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Gillett, R., & Smith, J. (2016, September 7). 19 unprofessional email habits that make everyone hate you. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://www.businessinsider.com/bademail-habits-that-make-you-look-unprofessional-2016-9
14. B
Requesting more information about a company. When you need to request information or ask a question, you send a letter of inquiry. Letters of inquiry can be written for many different reasons—to request more information about a company, to ask a question about a product, to inquire about a job opening, to ask for advice, to request paperwork, etc. A letter that thanks a potential employer for an interview is a followup letter, not a letter of inquiry. When informing employees of a payroll change, you'd likely write a memo. A business report summary is known as an executive summary. This is meant for people who don't have time to read the entire business report, and it's not the same thing as a letter of inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: McMurrey, D.A. (n.d.). Chapter 1: Business correspondence—Inquiry letters. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://w3.gel.ulaval.ca/~poussart/gel64324/McMurrey/texte/inquire.htm
15. B
Horizontal. Horizontal communication is information exchanged between persons on the same job level (e.g., manager to manager, or salesperson to salesperson). Upward communication involves sending messages to those with more authority in the organization (e.g., subordinate to manager). On the other hand, downward communication occurs when a person of authority sends a message to a person of less authority (e.g., manager to subordinate). Personal communication involves messages that are not directly related to business activities. For example, personal communication occurs when a group of coworkers discuss where to go for lunch.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: The Business Communication. (2019). What is horizontal communication? Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://thebusinesscommunication.com/what-is-horizontalcommunication/
16. C
Meeting. Serious, emotionally charged news, such as budget cuts and layoffs, is best delivered in person so that the messages are conveyed with the appropriate tone and any questions can be immediately answered. Email, intranet posts, and webcasts are too impersonal for this type of serious news.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Bacal, R. (1998-2019). What are communication channels and why are they important? Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://work911.com/communication/channels.htm
17. A
"I'm not sure, Mr. O'Malley. My coworker Reggie knows a lot about this model. If you can wait a moment, I will have him speak with you." If employees do not know the answers to customers' questions, they should try to find another employee who does. This person may be a coworker, supervisor, or an individual who works in another department. To provide good customer service, Thomas should do his best to answer Mr. O'Malley's question as soon as possible. Providing the manufacturer's website address and reading the product manual at a later time are not options that provide prompt customer service. It is inappropriate to give out customers' telephone numbers to others without their permission.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: wikiHow.com. (2019, August 8). How to answer customer service questions. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://www.wikihow.com/Answer-Customer-Service-Questions
18. C
Remain positive and pleasant with them. Try to remember that customers are individuals who have their own problems, and their rudeness should not be taken personally. Customers who are rude or disagreeable often are calmed by employees who are courteous and remain positive and pleasant. Staying with them when they don't want help can make matters worse. Being rude or abandoning the customer can lose sales.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
19. B
Merchandise. A merchandise complaint refers to a product being defective, wrong size/color, damaged, or not meeting the customer's needs. A personnel complaint relates to store personnel who are inaccurate, rude, use high-pressure sales techniques, or do not provide sufficient information. A business complaint relates to the business's policies and procedures. A hidden complaint is one in which the customer does not state the real reason for the dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Gibson, P. (2012). The world of customer service (3rd ed.) [p. 90]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
20. B
Ask your manager or supervisor. The easiest way to learn your company's brand promise is to ask your manager or supervisor. S/He should know! If s/he doesn't, perhaps you can figure it out together. An educated guess, the website, and coworkers aren't as reliable as your manager should be.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
21. C
Consistent, knowledgeable, and helpful. Employees are one of many touchpoints for the business. Customers often base their impressions of a business—positive and negative—on the interactions they have with the business's employees. Employees who are consistently friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable each time they interact with customers are building favorable relationships. These favorable relationships encourage customer loyalty and repeat sales. Employees who are too aggressive or too passive are more likely to offend customers.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2018, July 1). Importance of employee behavior in an organization. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://work.chron.com/importance-employee-behavior-organization11019.html
22. D
Tires for a tow truck. The tires have been purchased by the towing company for use in the operation of the business. To determine whether a good or service is a consumer or industrial item, you need to know who made the purchase and for what purpose. If the product was purchased by a business for use in its operations, then it is industrial. On the other hand, if the product was purchased by an individual to satisfy his/her personal needs and wants, then it is classified as a consumer product. The other alternatives are consumer products.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
23. D
Monthly income. Monthly expenses should be budgeted for and paid with monthly income. It is not wise to pay regular expenses with credit cards regardless of the low rates because it can lead to poor spending habits and create large credit card balances that are difficult to pay. Savings should not be used for budgeted monthly expenses.
SOURCE: FI:565
SOURCE: InCharge Debt Solutions. (2019). How to budget: How to calculate income, expenses, and manage. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.incharge.org/financialliteracy/budgeting-saving/how-to-make-a-budget/
24. B
Place. Place utility is created by making sure the goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Tom continues to shop at the local store because it is in a convenient place and has the goods he wants. The tofu was available for Tom to purchase when he wanted it at another location. Therefore, his buying decision was not influenced by form, time, or possession utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
25. A
Virtual service. A service offered through a means of communication such as the Internet is known as a virtual service. Offering virtual services has an impact on business activities. An online degree is not considered a low-quality product, an outsourced service, or a merger.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
26. C
The government sets the wages that workers earn. In a communist command economy, the government owns and controls practically all the means of production and distribution. The government sets employees' wages and product quotas for businesses. Although individuals can own some personal property in a communist command economy, the government does not allow individuals to invest in the economy.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: LAP-EC-017—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
27. B
Receive higher salaries. In a private enterprise system, an unequal distribution of income exists because workers with high levels of education, training, skills, and efficiency generally receive higher salaries than less qualified workers. Some people own a great deal of property while others own little or none because they do not have the money to buy it. Skilled workers may also pay higher taxes, belong to a union, or work longer hours, but those factors do not affect the distribution of property and income.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
28. D
Gross profit on sales. After gross profit is calculated, the costs of running the business (known as operating expenses) are subtracted from gross profit to determine whether the business has a net profit or a loss. When your business's operating expenses are greater than your gross profit on sales, a net loss results. The gross domestic product is the final market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
29. A
Age. Stereotyping does not consider the individual's unique skills, beliefs, and attitudes. Instead, stereotyping is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. Stereotyping tends to classify certain people in groups (e.g., gender, race, age) that possess certain characteristics. These characteristics are often based on unproven, false, or distorted beliefs and information. In the example, Rick is stereotyping older workers by assuming that they lack basic computer skills. This is a broad assumption that is not always true. In fact, many older workers are very computer savvy and willing to learn new technology. The example is not a stereotype based on gender, politics, or nationality.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139—Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
30. C
Leyla values personal growth, so she enrolls in a cooking class. In theory, your values should be in tune with your behavior. They should be the basis for your decision-making and help you know whether or not you are living your life in the way that you want. Leyla's decision to enroll in cooking class aligns with her value of personal growth. Being a doctor does not necessarily relate to Brent's value of personal health; rather, he could engage in activities such as exercise or healthy eating. If Aurora values helping others, she will make time to volunteer, even though she is busy with school. Finally, Zeke's attempt to be competitive does not necessarily support his values if he does so in an attempt to fit in with his teammates.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
31. A
Guide the actions of others. Individuals who are leaders not only have the ability to decide what needs to be done, but they can guide the actions of others to do the work. Good leaders generally plan and organize their work, but that is not what makes them good leaders. Analyzing employee productivity is often a responsibility of leaders rather than a personality trait. Displaying empathy by feeling what others are feeling is a desirable personality trait but does not indicate leadership.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
32. C
Taking initiative. People with initiative do work that needs to be done, even if they weren't asked to. Carly noticed that her coworker was setting up the meeting room and decided to help even though she hadn't been asked, which is an example of taking initiative. This is not an example of being an overachiever or procrastinating at work. Empathy is the ability to understand how somebody else is feeling. There is not enough information provided in the example to determine whether Carly was displaying empathy or not.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: Wroblewski, M.T. (2018, April 30). What is taking initiative at work? Retrieved October 8, 2019, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/taking-initiative-work-6338.html
33. A
Not leaving out any facts. Honesty includes telling the whole truth and not withholding any information. When being honest, you should not leave out any facts. Honesty does not include hiding unethical actions. While trusting others and showing loyalty are important traits, they are not part of honesty itself.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
34. B
All decisions carry risk. Every decision—no matter whether it is small or important—carries potential risks, although the degree of risk will vary. It's impossible to eliminate all risks, regardless of how carefully you might consider them.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
35. D
Leader. Taking responsibility for decisions and actions can help you become a more capable leader. Taking responsibility is important in all aspects of life, but it won't necessarily make you a more capable homeowner, athlete, or actor.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
36. A
Integrity. Integrity means always doing the right thing, no matter what. This means that you do the right thing even when no one else is watching, when it isn't easy, or when it might not be in your best interest. People can depend on you to not simply take the easy way out. Even though Ivy could steal something when no one is watching, she doesn't. Transparency, consistency, and empathy are important qualities that trustworthy people possess, but Ivy does not demonstrate them in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
37. C
Someone could be harmed in an ethical dilemma. Ethical dilemmas (also sometimes referred to as ethical situations) involve deciding whether something is right or wrong. In an ethical dilemma, if you pick the wrong choice, someone (or something) could be harmed. A dilemma is a difficult situation in which you are required to make a decision. Some dilemmas—ethical and otherwise—pertain to legal issues.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
38. C
Checking her gut feeling. Using a logical, step-by-step process is a great way to be sure you're responding correctly to an ethical dilemma. However, it's still important to check in with your gut feelings. If Zoey is following her intuition, she is checking in with her gut feeling to see what is right. Considering all your potential actions, figuring out who's affected, and getting the facts are other steps of the process.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
39. B
Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. It is especially useful when it is offered to workers to improve their performance or behavior on the job. In the situation provided, the supervisor points out a problem with Amber's work priorities and explains why it is important to submit the weekly expense report on a certain day. Though the supervisor's comments may be unsolicited, they are based on facts rather than opinion. Because the supervisor understands that Amber has a lot of work to do, s/he is delivering the message (rather than a response) in an empathic (rather than defensive) way. Internal feedback comes from within yourself.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
40. A
It is the only thing that is constant in our lives. Things in life change for everyone. People go to different schools, accept new jobs and promotions, and move to different cities and homes. People get married and divorced. These situations all involve change. While many people embrace positive change, others have a difficult time adjusting to any type of change. Changes also can create many problems for business firms and make it necessary for them to make changes of their own.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Singer, J. (2018, October 8). The only constant is change. Retrieved October 18, 2019, from https://psychcentral.com/lib/the-only-constant-is-change/
41. C
Maintaining an appropriate distance from other people. People who practice assertive nonverbal behavior keep an appropriate distance between themselves and others. They do not stand too close, as aggressive people do, or too far away, as passive people tend to do. Asking questions is a form of verbal assertiveness. Assertive nonverbal behavior includes maintaining appropriate eye contact, not looking past the person to whom you are speaking. Staring at those who are expressing controversial opinions is rude and may in some cases be aggressive.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
42. C
Project team. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. Because the group is working together for a set period of time (March to December) to complete a specific task (develop an intranet application), it is a project team. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time (e.g., three years). A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as planning a social event for employees.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Basu, C. (2019). Examples of project teams. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-project-teams-31600.html
43. B
Inspired people are more productive. Inspiration is important to managers, employers, and other organizational leaders because people who are inspired are more productive and add greater value to the teams and projects that they are involved with. Inspiration does not necessarily lead to greater sales. Inspired people do not necessarily have higher ethical standards than individuals who are not inspired. It would be unethical to pay people less simply because they are inspired.
SOURCE: EI:133
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133—A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
44. C
Confidence. Everyone reacts to new situations differently, but adaptable people consistently exhibit certain attitudes or behavior when stuff happens—big and small. When Miguel expresses a positive belief in his ability to handle a new situation, he is displaying confidence. This attitude will help him adapt to his challenging calculus class. Empathy, objectivity, and respect are also important characteristics of adaptable people, but Miguel isn't showing those traits in this particular example.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
45. A
Do things more efficiently. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more efficiently than they have ever been done before. They are driven to achieve their goals and meet or exceed a high standard of success. They do not like to be told what to do or to let others win. They are not satisfied with the status quo—the way things are. They are constantly seeking to improve.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
46. D
It is comfortable and familiar. People often prefer to do things the same way they always have because it is comfortable and familiar. An innovative method would be a new way, not an old one. Just because someone prefers their usual method doesn’t mean it is more effective or that s/he is stubborn.
SOURCE: EI:134
SOURCE: LAP-EI-134—Unfollow the Crowd (Challenging the Status Quo)
47. D
Relates to others in a positive way. By using her interpersonal relationships with coworkers to get them involved in change, Stephanie is showing that she can relate to others in a positive way. Change leaders have a sense of urgency, are not afraid to "go for it," and love to learn new things, but these are not the characteristics Stephanie is displaying in this situation.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
48. A
Margaret's company wants to be the best sporting goods store in the country. Organizational vision refers to the future a company's leaders desire to create. Margaret's plan for her company's future is considered an organizational vision. A team vision complements an organizational vision, but it's more tailored to specific work tasks. Penelope's departmental plan, for instance, is considered a team vision. Franco's desire to get his project done by the end of the week is considered a goal, not a vision. His goal is likely part of a larger team or organizational vision. Omar's plan to increase his shoe store's sales is also considered a goal. Goals are typically short term, while visions are long term.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
49. A
Make a small amount of noise as you come near. Always let people with vision impairment know that you are approaching so that you don't startle them. Coughing, clearing your throat, or making noise with your feet are all acceptable ways to announce your presence. Speaking loudly or touching people to get their attention could startle them if they aren't aware anyone is in the vicinity.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
50. C
Gathering information from many sources. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint requires reading or listening to information from a variety of different sources so that you can understand all “sides” of the issue. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint does not involve assuming that a viewpoint is false or learning about only one side of the story. You shouldn't read information from biased sources when considering conflicting viewpoints; rather, you should try to find objective, fact-based sources.
SOURCE: EI:136
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
51. B
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. Money is a common form of exchange. Individuals, businesses, and governments use money to purchase the products (e.g., milk) they need. When money is saved rather than spent, it is functioning as a means of accumulating wealth. Negotiating is the process of resolving a disagreement. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Study.com. (2003-2019). Money as a medium of exchange: Definition, function & examples video. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://study.com/academy/lesson/money-as-amedium-of-exchange-definition-function-examples.html
52. B
Renting out his second bedroom. Unearned income is income that you receive without doing “work” for it. One example of unearned income is receiving rent payments. Emmett could rent out his second bedroom and collect rent payments as a SOURCE: of unearned income. Selling records online, doing freelance work, and getting a second job are all examples of earned income because they are examples of material objects and work exchanged for income.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Marquit, M. (2012, March 1). Earned income vs. unearned income. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://mirandamarquit.com/earned-income-vs-unearned-income/
53. B
Inflation. Inflation is the increase in the price of goods and services over time. Because of inflation, money has more value today than it will in the future. Deflation is a decline in prices of goods and services over time. Investment is the use of money to generate profit or gain. Investment is another reason that money is worth more today than it will be in the future. Finally, a recession is a state of economic decline.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Darwin's Money. (2011, January 17). Present value of money explained. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.darwinsmoney.com/present-value-of-money-explained/
54. A
Revolving. A revolving credit account is a type of credit account which limits the total amount of money that may be borrowed and charges interest on outstanding balances. An installment credit account is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. A regular credit account is a credit account which allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, which is usually 30 days. This is also called an open account. A budget account is a form of short-term credit, usually set up for 60- or 90-day periods of time with a payment due every 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
55. A
Saving for retirement. Long-term goals, such as saving for retirement, take longer than a couple of years to achieve. Buying a used car, saving for an annual vacation, and creating an emergency fund should all take less than two years and are known as short-term financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Capital One. (2019). Your list of financial goals: Building a financial checklist for greater security. Retrieved October 18, 2019, from https://www.capitalone.com/bank/moneymanagement/peace-of-mind/financial-goals-checklist/
56. D
Fixed expenses; variable expenses. Fixed expenses are expenses that stay the same each month and cannot be easily changed. They are easier to estimate than variable expenses, which are daily spending decisions that change in amount month by month. Expenses are not necessarily easier to budget than income. Transportation is not necessarily easier to budget than utilities.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Pant, P. (2019, March 12). What's the difference between fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-s-the-differencebetween-fixed-and-variable-expenses-453774
57. C
Has a higher rate of return. Investing has a higher rate of return than savings accounts, and will yield much more wealth in the long run. Investing has more risk than saving, not less. It does not help you meet short-term financial goals; rather, it helps you meet long-term financial goals. Finally, investing is very important for retirement because saving alone will not bring enough wealth. Investing makes it possible to retire comfortably.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Royal, J. (2019, May 7). Saving vs. investing: Here are the key differences for managing your money. Retrieved October 18, 2019, from https://www.bankrate.com/investing/savingvs-investing/
58. D
Determine net worth. Determining net worth involves comparing all assets to all liabilities to measure your financial well-being. Determining your net worth can give you a better picture of how financially sound you are by comparing all of your debts to all of your assets, rather than focusing only on debts, income, etc. Houston's example does not demonstrate why it is a good idea to avoid taking any loans, overemphasizing debts, or focusing on income alone.
SOURCE: FI:562
SOURCE: Mercadante, K. (2019, May 27). 6 reasons you should know your net worth and how to calculate it. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://investorjunkie.com/33673/know-networth-calculate/
59. C
Optional deductions. To calculate your net pay, you need to subtract taxes and optional deductions such as health insurance, life insurance, and retirement plan contributions from your gross pay. By claiming exemptions and dependents, you can lower your tax rate, but they are not subtracted from gross pay. Capital gains are earnings from the appreciation of a stock investment. Exemptions, dependents, and capital gains are not considered when determining net pay.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 61-64]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
60. B
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive credit card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first, since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2019, January 18). 10 ways to avoid credit card debt. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/avoid-credit-card-debt-960043
61. C
Contact the appropriate credit bureau. Isaiah should first contact the credit bureau that gathered the information for the report to determine if the bureau made a keying error. If the credit bureau did not make a mistake, then Isaiah should contact the bank to get the information corrected. After the bank makes the correction, the credit bureau can correct his credit report. Contacting a local business association or a federal banking agency (e.g., U.S. Federal Reserve or Bank of Canada) is not an appropriate action for Isaiah to take to get his credit report changed.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Fair Isaac Corporation. (2001-2019). How do I correct errors on my credit reports? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.myfico.com/resources/credit-education/faq/creditreports/correcting-credit-report-errors
62. B
Buildings, roads, and equipment. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services and are provided by people. Examples of capital goods are buildings, roads, equipment, and airplanes. These items are capital goods because they enable producers to operate businesses and to make goods available to customers. Land, minerals, and water are natural resources. Natural resources are items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014--Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
63. A
Certified financial planner. Financial planners help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. Financial planners recommend and sell financial products such as mutual funds, stocks and bonds, insurance, etc. When selecting a financial planner, it is important to make sure that s/he has the appropriate training and certification to provide financial services. Tax accountants, loan officers, and credit-union representatives do not usually have the credentials to provide in-depth financial advice and select appropriate investments for clients.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, September 26). Guide to financial advisors. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/financial-advisor.asp
64. D
Goals. The three factors that determine an investor's risk tolerance are goals, time frame, and personality. Social status, banking institution, and income do not necessarily influence how much risk an investor should take.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
65. A
Accounts receivable. All the money owed to the business by others is considered accounts receivable. All the money that the business owes others is considered accounts payable. It's important for financial managers to balance accounts payable and receivable and ensure that the company's cash flow stays positive. Equity refers to assets the company already owns. Capital investment decisions determine which projects the business will invest in, how the investment(s) will be financed, and whether or not to pay dividends to the company's shareholders. Capital investment decisions are made for the long term.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. B
It can be expensive and time-consuming. Going through the probate process involves paperwork, court appearances, and legal fees. Avoiding the probate process can prevent the loss of time and money. Probate does not keep property from being appraised; rather, it includes an appraisal process. Probate does not prevent beneficiaries from paying taxes, nor does it change the executor of a will. In the case that there is no executor, a judge will appoint someone.
SOURCE: FI:572
SOURCE: Nolo. (2019). What is probate? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.nolo.com/legalencyclopedia/probate-faq.html
67. D
There is greater diversity in the workforce. Greater diversity now exists in the workforce, in terms of gender, age, culture, and ability. The average employee is no longer a white male—a greater variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and needs are represented. Human resources managers must take this diversity into account when performing their job tasks. The workforce is older than ever before. Business costs are constantly rising, and employees now place a greater emphasis on finding balance between their work and personal lives.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. C
Interact with. Marketing is the platform that facilitates communication between businesses and customers. Businesses do not generally trade with or purchase from customers. Automation is a production method in which machines do tasks automatically, not a component of marketing.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. A
Objective. In general, facts should be objective, which means that they are true from anyone's point of view and are not based on emotions or personal standpoints. Facts are not always positive. Theoretical information is based on a system of ideas, rather than proven through experiment. From a scientific standpoint, facts should be provable. Finally, facts should not necessarily be persuasive because persuasion usually goes hand-in-hand with opinion.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., & Gilchrist, J. (2019, October 6). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-the-differencebetween-fact-and-opinion.htm
70. A
An online article that was written last month by a well-known marine biologist. An important consideration when evaluating the usefulness, validity, and timeliness of written information is the topic at hand and the author's expertise. A marine biologist studies aquatic life forms, so an article written by this individual is more likely to contain information about fish than a physics textbook, a retired brain surgeon's blog entry, or a newsletter from an organization that studies the effects of air pollution.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Southern Illinois University: School of Law Library. (n.d.). Evaluating websites and other information resources. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.law.siu.edu/lawlib/guides/eval.htm
71. A
Obsolete. Records can be either paper or digital. Paper records are stored in drawers, in cabinets, or on shelves. Digital records, on the other hand, are stored in computer-related media such as flash drives, networked storage servers, or discs. Unfortunately, some computer-related media, including CDs, have become obsolete, outmoded, and inaccessible; many business owners, such as Chloe, no longer own the older technology needed to access data stored in the obsolete media. CDs are not typically destructive, networked, or decentralized.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Kyrnin, M. (2019, June 24). Death of the computer optical drive. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.lifewire.com/death-of-the-computer-optical-drive-832403
72. C
Determining its accuracy, relevance, and reliability. When you are drawing conclusions based on information analysis, it is essential that you determine the accuracy, relevance, and reliability of the information that you are studying. If you don't, you may end up relying on information that is false, biased, or irrelevant for your purposes. It's also a good idea to read the text thoroughly instead of simply skimming it to avoid missing anything important. You should never assume that information is completely free from bias. Instead, you should identify any propaganda or other forms of bias and recognize them as opinion rather than fact. It would be a waste of time to carefully sift through information that is not essential for your purposes.
SOURCE: NF:278
SOURCE: Beckford, A. (2019, January 28). How to analyze information. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://theinvisiblementor.com/how-to-analyze-information/
73. B
It involves people, processes, and practices. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision-making. It deals with people, processes, and practices, not just hardware and software. Data processing is just one small part of information management. Data are the necessary facts and figures, but information is what you get when data are in a useful form. Information management involves making sure that information is available to only the right people—not everyone.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
74. B
Technology created the computer industry. Although new technologies continue to change the computer industry, the biggest impact of technology on the industry is creating it in the first place. Technology is certainly related to the computer industry, and it did not eliminate it.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
75. C
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a particular program at one time has multiuser capabilities. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2019). Operating system - OS. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
76. D
Personal information management systems. Personal information management systems are designed to help you keep track of important dates, meetings, deadlines, and other critical information. Google Calendar and Microsoft Outlook are two examples of personal information management systems—not virtual reality applications, mobile geolocation tracking systems, or smartphone operating systems. Virtual reality applications are designed to make users feel like they are experiencing an "alternate world," whereas mobile geolocation tracking systems are intended to pinpoint a user's location. A smartphone operating system is the overarching system that controls a cell phone—such as Android.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: WiseGEEK. (2003-2019). What is a personal information manager? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-personal-information-manager.htm
77. A
Keep the design of your slides consistent. If you change the design of each slide, it may be difficult for people to focus on what you're saying. By keeping the design consistent, you'll keep the focus on the information you're presenting. There should be minimal text on slides, and certainly not full paragraphs. People should be listening to you, not simply reading your slides. Sound effects can be distracting and unprofessional, so it's best to avoid them.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Pinola, M. (2013, May 16). How can I make my PowerPoint presentations amazing? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://lifehacker.com/how-can-i-make-my-powerpointpresentations-amazing-507552122
78. B
Letter; number. Spreadsheet software programs enable businesspeople to organize, calculate, and analyze numerical information. Spreadsheets contain columns, which are vertically positioned on the page and are designated by letter headings. Spreadsheets also contain rows, which are horizontally positioned on the page and are designated by numerical headings. The place where the column and row intersect is called a cell. Each cell has a unique numerical and letter designation based on which column and row intersect. The sort and filter function enables cells of data to be reorganized and grouped together. Range is the group of cells that the computer user selects or highlights in the spreadsheet to carry out an action (e.g., sorting and filtering).
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: French, T. (2019, September 8). Relative, absolute, and mixed cell references. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.lifewire.com/cell-references-relative-absolute-and-mixed3123401
79. B
Routing. Determining the sequence of materials through the production process is an activity known as routing. Scheduling means determining when materials will arrive at a certain destination and how long they will stay there. Site selection means choosing a location for the business facility. Expense control refers to keeping an eye on the bottom line.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. B
The employer does not take steps to correct the issue. Businesses must follow certain health and safety regulations to ensure a safe working environment for employees. When employers do not follow regulations, it is important to take action to correct the situation. In many situations, the issue can be resolved easily. For example, an employee might notice that boxes are blocking an exit and tell his/her supervisor about the infraction. Then, the supervisor can take steps to ensure the boxes are moved to an appropriate location. When the employer does not take steps to correct the issue, employees should report the infraction to the appropriate government agency. There is not enough information provided to determine if housekeeping personnel are violating the regulations that govern the way businesses must dispose of hazardous materials. The vendor is not the employee's employer.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
81. A
Computer hackers. Firewall hardware and software reduce risks associated with computer hacking. Computer hacking is the illegal practice of accessing computer data (e.g., customers' credit card numbers) without authorization for fraudulent purposes. Binary is a technical term that describes a twodigit numerical system that computers use to store data. A web ring is a method used to link related websites. Frugging is a practice in which marketers deliberately mislead consumers by stating that they are collecting marketing research, when they are really soliciting donations. Companies do not install Internet firewalls to protect their confidential information from binary users, frugging activities, or web rings.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Indiana University. (2019, February 15). About firewalls. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://kb.iu.edu/d/aoru
82. C
Proper lifting techniques. Many people do not learn proper lifting techniques and lift loads which are too heavy for them or lift using their back and arms. Failing to use proper lifting techniques can cause injury to back muscles, which may take days or weeks to heal or even permanent disability. Good housekeeping skills will help keep the work area clean and safe. Employees need positive personal habits in order to work productively. Effective writing abilities may not be required of an employee who is responsible for moving and stacking boxes.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Occupational Safety and Health Administration. (n.d.). Materials handling: Heavy lifting. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/etools/electricalcontractors/materials/heavy.html
83. D
Complete an accident-report form. An accident report is a form completed by employees and/or managers to report specific details of workplace accidents. Many businesses require employees to complete an accident report form immediately or soon after an accident. Most forms require the employee to write a detailed account of the accident and its outcome. In some jurisdictions, businesses are legally required to maintain records of accidents that occur in the workplace. The local health department typically deals with issues related to illness and diseases. There is not enough information provided to determine if Hazel's fall required the use of the company's first-aid kit or if she needed to seek additional medical assistance.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Richards, F. (2019). On the job employee accident response procedures. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/job-employee-accident-response-procedures20266.html
84. B
Closed-circuit television. Major Company should implement closed-circuit television to monitor employees. Closed-circuit television is a device that managers and security personnel can use to monitor activities inside and outside of a business. Electronic sensors are security devices that are attached to goods. If someone leaves the building with an item while the tag is still attached, the sensor will set off an alarm at the exit. Convex, one way, and two-way mirrors are security devices that allow employees and security personnel to keep a close eye on customers. Undercover shoppers are security personnel hired by the business to pose as customers in order to detect employee dishonesty.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Brick House Security. (2015, September 22). What is CCTV? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.brickhousesecurity.com/security-cameras/cctv-primer/
85. C
Develop a to-do list. A to-do list contains every activity that the employee needs to accomplish in a period of time. After developing the to-do list, the employee can rank each activity's importance (prioritize) in relation to the time it takes to complete the activity and the activity's deadline. Multi-tasking involves working on several activities at one time. Employees may not have the authority to change work deadlines. Working overtime may help the employee complete the work on time, but this action will not help the employee to prioritize the work.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Team LiquidPlanner. (2018, October 11). How to prioritize work when everything is #1. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.liquidplanner.com/blog/how-to-prioritize-workwhen-everythings-1/
86. D
Planning keeps the focus on the project goal. When working on a project, it's easy to get caught up in the details and get bogged down with the day-to-day tasks and responsibilities. Having a plan keeps you on task and focused only on the important work that will help the project be successful. Planning does not undermine the project's goal, nor does it necessarily make the project's goal more complicated. Finally, the amount of planning does not necessarily have an effect on the number of goals associated with a project.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
87. A
Learn from them so you don't repeat the same issues. When monitoring your project, you'll run into things that have gone wrong that need to be corrected. You can see what went wrong and learn from the experience, avoiding similar mistakes or making decisions accordingly for future projects. Even if you have issues with your project work, you should not necessarily find out who is to blame and remove him/her from the team. You should document all issues, and you should not keep these issues hidden from project stakeholders.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
88. B
Reading customer reviews of a new product. Reading customer reviews is an example of evaluating project success because they provide insight into customers' levels of satisfaction with the final product of a project. Customer satisfaction is an important component of project success. Figuring out how much money you'll need to spend on supplies and scheduling daily, weekly, and monthly activities are parts of the project planning process. Asking team members how they are handling their workloads is an example of monitoring a project while it is in progress.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
89. B
Increased efficiency. Automation replaces human labor with machine production, thereby increasing efficiency and producing larger quantities of goods. A disadvantage of automation is that it increases the amount of capital that must be invested in equipment. Automating production increases computerization because most automated systems are controlled by computers. Increased consumer demand helped create the need for automation.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
90. A
Discard outdated files and papers. Throwing away papers that you no longer need helps reduce clutter and keeps your workspace organized. And when your workspace is organized, it is easier to find the things that you need to perform your work efficiently. Making copies of all computer documents— especially of items that you do not need—tends to increase clutter. Depending on the type of work that you do, you may need to keep hard copies on hand; therefore, you probably will not want to place all of your paperwork in storage boxes or shred documents that are over one year old. Also, businesses are required to keep certain types of records (e.g., financial) for several years.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Scuderi, R. (2019, September 18). 15 best organizing tips for office organization and getting more done. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from https://www.lifehack.org/articles/productivity/21tips-to-organize-your-office-and-get-more-done.html
91. D
They can be short term or long term. Goals are either short term or long term. Short-term goals are objectives that take less than a year to achieve, while long-term goals are objectives that take a year or more to reach. Goals are dynamic, meaning that they can change. They are not the same as wishes or dreams. Goals do not accomplish themselves; instead, you must practice goal-setting and plan how you will work to accomplish your goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. C
Affect others significantly. Depending on the situation, you might want to obtain input from others before you make a decision. When a decision affects others in a significant way, such as changing work responsibilities of department members, it is important to get as much input as needed to make a sound decision. Generally, routine decisions involve determining what to have for breakfast or what shirt to wear—these types of decisions require little input, if any, from others. All types of decisions—routine, limited, and extensive—may or may not require logical thinking. Decisions that require limited consideration usually require a moderate amount of input from others. For example, if an employee is deciding which of three layouts to use in a magazine ad, s/he might ask one or two qualified coworkers for their opinions.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
93. D
Being dependable. Businesses expect their employees to fulfill their work obligations in a dependable, reliable manner. Dependability involves exhibiting consistent behavior such as arriving at work on time and completing tasks accurately and on time. If businesses cannot depend on their employees meeting their expectations, they cannot achieve their goals. Although exhibiting a positive attitude, showing empathy, and demonstrating self-understanding are important traits to have to be successful in the workplace, these traits do not relate to arriving to work on time and meeting deadlines in a consistent and accurate manner.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: America's Job Exchange. (2019). What do employers want from from their employees? Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://www.americasjobexchange.com/career-advice/whatemployers-want
94. C
Interviewing a finance director about his work experiences. A primary SOURCE: is original. It is a person, event, or document that provides first-hand information about something. Magazine articles, online reviews, and documentaries are all examples of secondary sources that explain or summarize information obtained from primary sources.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 34). New York, NY: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. D
Professional development sources. Entrepreneurs must continue to seek training and education throughout their careers. They can do this through workshops, seminars, internships, networking, and other professional development sources. Workshops, seminars, internships, and networking are not examples of technological advancements, trends, or financing.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. A
Job placement offices/Career centers. Many schools offer job counseling and job leads through job placement offices or career centers. The counselors in these departments help match students with job opportunities. Then, they refer students to employers who are hiring. Classified ads, family members, and employment agencies are sources that students can access outside school.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Harwood, L., Owens, L.M.D., & Kadakia, C. (2017). Your career: How to make it happen (9th ed.) [Lesson 6-2c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc
97. B
Communicating her professional accomplishments. During an interview, it is important to show the interviewer that you have the skills and initiative to do the job. Discussing your work-related successes and accomplishments helps communicate your ability to perform your job well and meet or exceed job expectations. Kaitlin is not demonstrating her technical skills, requesting job information, or discussing specific tasks that she likes to do.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 86-87). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
98. D
Internship. An internship is a form of training in which a school and a business cooperate to provide onthe-job practice for a learner. Many interns—but not all—receive high school or college credit for their work, and an internship may be paid or unpaid, depending on the circumstances. Ivana is studying marketing, so interning at an ad agency gave her an opportunity to learn more about working in the advertising world. A trade mission consists of a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by the government to inform exporters about foreign markets. A needs analysis is typically the process of identifying and prioritizing training needs. An understudy is a manager or supervisor who has been specifically designated as the person to succeed his/her superior and who is learning the job-knowledge skills from that person.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, August 20). How to get an internship. Retrieved October 28, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-to-find-an-internship-2061073
99. C
Take classes at a community college. Workers who want to advance in or keep up with their chosen professions often need to obtain additional, ongoing education. There are many ways for workers to acquire job-related skills, such as taking classes at a university or community college. Completing a college application, obtaining recommendations, and contacting former employers are not actions that help workers obtain new skills.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Grilli, J.J. (2012, December 3). Continuing education programs benefit employees and employers. Retrieved October 9, 2019, from http://citizensvoice.com/opinion/letters/continuing-education-programs-benefit-employeesand-employers-1.1410489
100. A
The consequences of breaking the rules. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. By explaining the rules and the consequences of not following them, employers are making sure that employees understand what is expected of them and what will happen if they break the rules. Depending on the situation, the consequences of breaking the rules might include a reprimand, suspension without pay, or dismissal. Why, who, and when the rules were developed are not important facts to discuss with new employees.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
Test Sample 2014
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Corporation. A corporation is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. By investing in a corporation, Mr. Brown will be one of the owners who will share in the profits of the business but will not be responsible for the day-to-day operations. A general partnership is an agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. B
Government publications. Government agencies and departments collect relevant information concerning many issues and publish the information in a written format. Therefore, government publications are a good SOURCE: of relevant, valid written material that may be useful to businesses. For example, government agencies publish information about economic and employment trends that businesses use in the planning process. Internet chat rooms are sites on which individuals communicate with each other in real time and are not a SOURCE: of relevant valid written material. Personal e-mails are messages to friends rather than a SOURCE: of relevant, valid written material. Computer-generated memos do not necessarily contain relevant, valid written material.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 682-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. C
Know when to speak. By interrupting her coach before s/he was finished giving directions, Jackie was ignoring the step of knowing when to speak. When listening to directions, try not to interrupt the person speaking. Wait until s/he seems finished with a thought before speaking or wait until all the directions have been given before you ask for clarification. In this situation, Jackie is not ignoring the tips to make eye contact, eliminate distractions, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
4. D
Let the speaker know that the message has been received and understood. Active listening is primarily about understanding a speaker's meaning, not about communicating your agreement or voicing your own opinion. Active listening can help to make boring lectures more interesting, but that is not its purpose.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up (Active Listening)
5. A
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 425-427]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. D
Socializing with close friends. Casual communication is generally used with family and friends and may include the use of slang. Slang is informal language mutually understood within a group. For example, you might refer to your friends as your “buds” (buddies) when speaking with your family. However, people outside your family and circle of friends may not understand what “bud” means. They might associate the word “bud” with a rose (bud) or leaf (bud). Formal communication is appropriate when meeting with a new customer, when interviewing for a job, or when you are being introduced to a new coworker. Formal communication involves using proper grammar and a respectful tone.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
7. B
Unbiased. Ed believes that his idea is feasible, so he needs to persuade other group members that it is too. To do this effectively, Ed needs to present his reasons and information logically and objectively— without bias. Ed should present his reasons in a direct, unemotional way. If Ed is over-emotional or cynical, the group members may not take him seriously. And, if Ed presents the information in an understated or subtle way, the group members may not understand what Ed is trying to say.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 288-289]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. D
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you should think about what you want to say before speaking. Make sure that you state accurate information facts and that you don't say something in a way that is offensive to others. You should communicate facts and express opinions when appropriate. You should talk about what's on your mind. And, you should pay attention when others are speaking.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. B
Geographical map. Graphics typically add interest and make information easier to understand. Maps are often appropriate graphics to use when the topic at hand relates to geographical regions. Each region depicted on the map may be color-coded by the range of sales generated to support and clarify the sales data presented in a report. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378, 380]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. C
Accomplishes its intended purpose. Written communications serve many purposes, and a test of whether a written communication was effective is whether it accomplished the purpose for which it was intended. Written communications do not need to contain a lot of information in order to be considered effective. Effective written communication takes time and effort and is not usually quick and easy to prepare. It should also be clear and should not require the reader to interpret its meaning or be open to any interpretation that the reader wants to give it.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Editing. Editing is the process of assessing the flow and clarity of written materials. Effective editing often involves reorganizing or shortening sentences, changing words, and correcting spelling and grammatical errors to improve the readability of the document. Researching is the process of gathering information for the report, which is done before the writing process begins. Organizing involves planning the order in which to present the information in the document. Formatting involves establishing the “mechanical” structure of the document, such using as block or indented paragraphs, page-number location, etc.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 161]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. B
The attached document provides you with directions to our facility. Business-related e-mail messages should reflect a professional tone. A professional e-mail message should contain proper spelling and grammar (e.g., loook and two). The writer should avoid using acronyms that reflect an informal or textmessaging style, such as using “u” instead of “you.” Businesspeople should avoid using all capital letters in professional e-mails because the recipients might interpret them as angry messages.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. A
Have a clear purpose. In order to write an effective business letter, the letter writer should first have a specific purpose for sending the letter. That purpose should be made clear in the letter so that the recipient does not have to guess the reason for the communication. A business letter is not intended to be entertaining or to display the writer's vocabulary. Instead, the vocabulary used should be appropriate to the recipient. If the letter contains questions, they should be direct.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Young, D.J. (2006). Foundations of business communication: An integrative approach (pp. 41-44, 125-127). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. B
Contact information, product model number, and manufacturer. A letter of inquiry is a request for information. The businessperson should provide the manufacturer of the equipment and the product's model number so the letter recipient knows which item to provide a price for. The letter writer should also include his/her contact information—e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address—so the message recipient knows to whom or where to send the requested information. The businessperson is asking for a price but not placing an order, so the business person would not provide a purchase order number. The vendor generates an invoice after the order has been placed. If the vendor provides quantity discounts, the businessperson may need to indicate the quantity desired to provide accurate prices.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2013). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2048859_write-inquiry-letter.html
15. A
Explain that you can't discuss it. In most companies, salary information is confidential and should not be discussed. Disclosing confidential information could cause an employee to be reprimanded or fired. Employees who work with such information should not answer questions about it or offer to provide it to others. It would be overreacting to report those who ask unless the questions are repeated and create problems.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 185-186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. D
Holding a short sales-staff meeting. Short meetings are a common way to communicate information about new products, sales promotions, and inventory issues. Retail employees tend to work in shifts at different times, so a short meeting is an ideal way to communicate store information to several employees at one time. Retail cashiers do not usually have access to a “work” e-mail account. Sending a memo to buyers and placing sales circulars in display racks are not effective ways to communicate up-todate product information to the store's front-line employees.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 46-48]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. D
Arguing. Business employees should never argue with other employees when participating in staff meetings. Arguing is not a productive activity and often causes hard feelings. Even if someone in the meeting tries to start an argument, it is not appropriate for employees to participate. The person leading the meeting should control the situation so arguments do not start or continue. When participating in staff meetings, employees usually talk and they often agree on issues and review important information.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. C
Pleasant courtesy. Employees should treat all customers/clients with pleasant courtesy, no matter what the circumstances. This creates good relations with the customers/clients and a good image for the business. Not all customers/clients want immediate service or would appreciate employees' broad knowledge. Witty remarks are also not appropriate in all circumstances.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 31]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
19. B
Departments. A knowledge of the location of various departments will enable the salesperson to assist customers with the greatest amount of efficiency. Products would not be kept in offices. Within a department, they may be stocked by size or color.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 31]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
20. A
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: InterNations.org. (2007-2013). International business communication. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.internations.org/magazine/international-business-issues15385/international-business-communication-2
21. A
Restating. Often, it is helpful for the employee to restate the customer's question to make sure that's what the customer actually asked. Writing down the question would only be done when the employee needed to obtain further information in order to answer the question. Employees who are trying to understand what a customer is asking would not refute or ignore the question.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 194). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Let the customer explain the problem. A complaint is an expression of dissatisfaction about a good, service, or policy. Customers who have complaints should have a chance to explain the problem without interruption. If the complaint is handled poorly, the customer may never return, but handling complaints effectively can build goodwill. The customer's comments should not be ignored, and the customer should not be made to feel that s/he is in the wrong. Handling complaints is the salesperson's responsibility, and a manager would only be called in as a last resort.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
23. A
Consistent, knowledgeable, and helpful. Employees are one of many touch points for the business. Customers often base their impressions of a business—positive and negative—on the interactions they have with the business's employees. Employees who are consistently friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable each time they interact with customers are building favorable relationships. These favorable relationships encourage customer loyalty and repeat sales. Employees who are too aggressive or too passive are more likely to offend customers.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 222, 244-245]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
24. D
Non-economic wants. We don't have to spend money for everything that we want, e.g., to see a rainbow or talk to a friend. To satisfy economic wants, it is necessary to spend money. Goods are tangible objects. Consumer goods are tangible items that are used by an ultimate consumer to satisfy personal wants.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
25. C
Inputs. Resources are items used to produce goods and services. Without resources, or inputs, there would be no outputs, or production. Revenues are income, some of which is usually from sales.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
26. A
Technology. Advances in technology have led to a decrease in the supply of some products and has even eliminated the supply of others. Products such as the mimeograph machine and Commodore 64 are no longer made. Buying power, production methods, and elasticity have not eliminated the supply of certain products.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. C
More wheat than corn. Because John can sell wheat at a higher price relative to corn, it would be a greater incentive for him to plant more wheat than corn because he will earn more profit. Planting an equal or lesser amount of wheat than corn will generate less profit if John can sell wheat at a higher price.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
28. C
The community. By giving money to the schools, Dow is directly benefitting the students and teachers, and indirectly benefitting the students' parents, potential employers, and other community members. Although the students and community members may also be consumers of Dow's products, they are not being benefitted through the use of those products. Dow Chemical's employees, although they may be community members, are not being benefitted through their work. The company is not being socially responsible to itself, although it may benefit from the good publicity its actions generate.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. A
Businesses. Businesses are organized efforts to produce and/or distribute goods and services. All businesses engage in specific activities that are part of the operation of that business. The primary activities in which all businesses are involved are information management, marketing, and financial analysis. Regardless of the type or size of business, those activities are essential. Economies are the systems in which people make and spend their incomes. Governments are each country's arrangement for making and enforcing laws. Societies are groups of individuals who share an environment.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
30. C
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all advantages of private enterprise.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (Private Enterprise)
31. D
Monopolistic competition. This is a type of market structure in which a lot of businesses sell similar products that have only a few differences. It is most commonly found in a private enterprise economy. Perfect competition rarely exists on a large scale. A regulated monopoly is a monopoly that government allows to exist legally under controlled conditions. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine prices.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. C
Make a profit. Making a profit is the main goal of business. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in business. By providing the best products possible, business owners increase the likelihood of making a profit. Businesses also need to be socially responsible by helping to save the environment and by providing a safe working environment.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
33. D
Cope with criticism. When self-esteem is well maintained, individuals can handle problems more easily, overcome the disappointments that are part of life, and cope with any criticism they may receive. Selfesteem cannot prevent feelings of anger from arising occasionally.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. A
You can identify strengths you wish to possess. Observing a role model can help you assess strengths and weaknesses by identifying strengths you wish to possess. A role model isn't perfect, but s/he would not be an example of weaknesses. Assessing strengths and weaknesses is something you must do on your own. Sometimes it is helpful to ask a trusted friend to help you, but a role model's job isn't to tell you your strengths and weaknesses.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. D
Enthusiastic. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. When people are positive and believe in themselves, they usually are enthusiastic and display great interest or excitement in what they do. Confident people have a good attitude and display that attitude by being enthusiastic. Individuals do not necessarily exhibit self-confidence by being creative, emotional, or reserved.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 194-198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. C
Asking questions. Few things are more indicative of genuine interest than asking relevant, appropriate questions. This lets speakers know that you have listened well and that you want to know more. Smiling, sitting or standing up straight, and appearing confident let speakers know that you are interested in what is being said, but these actions do not tell speakers that you want more information about their topic.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 423-424]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
37. B
Go home, shower, change clothes, and get to work before his starting time. Bill's first responsibility is to his employer, and he should be properly prepared and punctual for work. If he does not go home, or doesn't allow enough time to shower and change, he may be offensive to customers and coworkers and/or be late for work.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. B
Defeatist. Defeatists have very low opinions of, and lack confidence in, themselves and others. This general dissatisfaction tends to make them feel very frustrated and alienated. Consequently, they often behave in a rather hostile and immature manner. People who believe they are better than everyone else have a superior attitude. People with a positive attitude focus on the good side of things.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
39. D
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure calmly, and it is an important part of self-control. None of the other alternatives would help you to endure life's aggravations and difficulties without getting upset. Independence is the ability to manage your own life. Ambition is the desire for success. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another's place.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
40. B
Feedback. Feedback can come in several different forms. Internal feedback is self-evaluation; it can be negative or positive. Negative feedback involves criticism, indicating a needed change in behavior. Positive feedback involves praise, tending to reinforce present behavior.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. B
Receptive. Employees must welcome and accept change rather than resisting it. An employee who is unwilling to change will not grow and develop into his/her full potential. Since many changes are beneficial, it is not necessary to try to be immune or protected from change.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens! (Adapting to Change)
42. D
Explaining that e-mail is monitored. Modern technology has created a variety of issues concerning employees' right to privacy in the workplace. One of these issues concerns a business's ability to monitor an employee's use of a computer which includes e-mail. A business that respects its employees' privacy will make sure that the employees know that their e-mail is monitored. By providing this information, the business is allowing employees to decide if they want to send or receive personal messages because someone in the business might read the mail. The employees can protect their privacy simply by not using company e-mail. Using easy-to-understand language, sending messages through the grapevine, or providing cross-cultural communication are not examples of providing information to employees in order to respect their privacy.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Anderson, A. (n.d.). The pros and cons of workplace surveillance. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/pros-cons-workplace-surveillance-10658.html
43. C
Self-understanding. You must be able to comprehend your own thoughts, attitudes, and actions before you can identify similar qualities in others and empathize with them. The alternatives would not necessarily limit self-understanding or perception of others.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
44. C
Barriers to. There are barriers to being assertive even though being assertive is the way to go. For one, some people do not like conflict of any kind and avoid it at all costs. They are afraid that being assertive will ruin relationships. They do not want to appear to be aggressive so they do not stand up for themselves. Not liking conflict of any kind and avoiding it at all costs are not reasons for being assertive, methods of being assertive, or advantages of being assertive.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. C
Frustration. A conflict is a disagreement. When people do not handle conflict appropriately, it can have negative (destructive) effects. Destructive conflict can cause frustration. In some situations, individuals may experience panic, shame, and depression, often over time, but frustration is the most common negative effect or response to conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. D
Committed to. Team members must believe in the team's goals and be committed to working toward achieving them. They may even have to set aside their personal goals temporarily in order to focus on the team's goals. Team members should not be curious about the team's goals but thoroughly familiar with them. They should not be indifferent to or undecided about the goals.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean On Me (Teamwork)
47. C
Deal with change. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. Changes and new situations are common in the workplace. When employees are adaptable, they are able to deal with change and even learn from new situations. This is a benefit because employees who are not adaptable may experience stress or not be able to be productive when faced with new situations. Being adaptable does not necessarily enable employees to manage their time, take the initiative, or avoid a conflict.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
48. B
Persuasive. Change doesn't just happen on its own. To lead change, change leaders need to be persuasive—they must be able to get others within their organizations to see things their way, do things their way, or agree with them. Subtle and indifferent (uncaring) attitudes don't usually prompt resistant people to embrace change.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
49. D
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. A good coach is patient and persistent because the person being coached may not "catch on" quickly to the concepts that will help improve his/her performance. An effective coach understands this and doesn't get frustrated or give up. Aggression is feelings of anger and disrespect for others that may lead to aggressive behavior. Self-interest is giving priority to what benefits oneself. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
50. D
Geographic origin. Andrea and Stephen differ in their geographic origins. This refers to the part of the world and the type of area from which a person comes, and it influences who they are. The two coworkers do not necessarily differ in race, language usage, or age.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
51. C
Fiat. Fiat currency is money that doesn't have intrinsic value and is not backed by reserves. Fiat currency is only valuable as long as people have faith that it will continue to be used in the future. Electronic currency is money that exists only in electronic format. Commodity money is currency that is has value other than its value as money (for example, gold or silver). Mikael's $20 bill is just made of paper, which is essentially worthless on its own, so it is not commodity money. Specie is a term used for coins, and Mikael is using paper money.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Spaulding, W.C. (2005-2013). Money. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://thismatter.com/money/banking/money.htm
52. D
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 232-233]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
53. D
Installment. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. An installment credit account is set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Also, it usually requires a down payment. Revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that may be owed and charge interest on outstanding balances. Regular credit accounts allow credit users to buy at any time during a set period. Budget accounts are a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 764-765). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. C
To meet future financial needs. There are many types of life insurance available to meet an individual's future financial needs. Some types of life insurance have cash value and can be redeemed at the end of the payment period. Other types are intended to make a lump sum payment to beneficiaries upon an individual's death. Many people decide what their financial needs or goals are in the future, and then invest in the types of life insurance policies that will meet those needs. Disability insurance, rather than life insurance, provides income to those who become disabled. Certain types of health insurance will pay for private health care. Individuals name their beneficiaries when purchasing life insurance policies, but that is not why they invest in those policies.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 466-469). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. A
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the short-term, say next year, and then in the long-term, or about five years from now. Then she should look at her income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to reach her financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Bard, E.M., McKinney, C., Hudson, N., & Johnson, D. (2009) Manage your money; Lesson 5: Develop your budget. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://ohioline.osu.edu/mym/MYM_Lesson5.pdf
56. D
$125.00. Her net pay is what she actually receives after withholdings for federal, state and local income taxes and government programs. Her gross pay is $150.00, which is not the amount she will receive. $275.00 could be found by adding the gross pay to the net pay, but this number is meaningless. $25.00 could be found by subtracting her net pay from her gross pay, and would be the amount of her withholdings.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Lazarony, L. (n.d.) Understanding your pay stub. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.credit.com/credit_information/money_management/Understanding-your-PayStub.jsp
57. B
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information, along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature, has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit-card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (n.d.). A visual example of how to write a check. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/ig/How-to-Write-a-Check/
58. C
DEP. When entering a transaction in your checkbook register, you should describe the transaction, record the transaction date, indicate the amount of the debit or credit, and use a code or number to identify the transaction type. Deposits to your account (such as biweekly pay) are marked with a “D” or “DEP.” Debit card transactions are coded “DC.” Transfers between your accounts are marked “T.” ATM withdrawals, of course, are coded “ATM.” When entering a check that you have written, you should record the check number.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: TheMint.org. (2013). Tracking your checking account. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.themint.org/kids/tracking-your-checking-account.html
59. D
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use checkmarks to identify the items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Checkmarks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined checks, or total the interest received.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 146-147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. D
Monitor your credit and bank accounts continuously. By reviewing your credit-card statements and your bank accounts on a regular basis, you are more likely to detect credit purchases or bank withdrawals that you did not make. If unauthorized transactions have occurred, you can quickly close accounts to stop identity thieves from accessing your accounts. Other things you can do to protect yourself from identity theft is to use different passwords for each of your online accounts, and use secure websites when paying bills and shopping online. Not all online sites are secure. You should use the same caution with your debit card as you do with your credit accounts and other bank accounts.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Consumer information: Identity theft. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0014-identity-theft
61. A
Refund. Because Kate had too much income tax taken out of her wages, she is eligible for a tax refund check, which is issued by the government upon receipt of Kate's completed tax return. The government does not issue a deduction, due bill, or reference when income tax is overpaid.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 390-391, 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Fee structure. Financial-services providers are compensated in different ways. Therefore, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider to make sure the fee is affordable. Some providers may charge a flat fee while others may charge based on number and size of transactions. Some may charge for consulting time or for gathering information. Office location, tax status, and gross income are not important considerations when selecting a financial-services provider.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 260-261). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. D
Stock mutual funds. Stock mutual funds are ownership investments that allow access to an "expert" manager—called a fund manager. Collecting popular items may or may not involve a manager. You can collect on your own, if you want to. The same with purchasing real estate: You are not given access to any "expert," in particular. And, stock purchases do not provide an "expert" to help you.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
64. A
Bookkeeping records business transactions. Bookkeeping records the financial information from such business activities as sales, purchases, or returns. It involves analyzing financial transactions, journalizing transactions, posting to ledgers, and balancing the books. Much of bookkeeping today is done on computers.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. B
Obtaining funds. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. All businesses need funds to operate, so decisions about obtaining funds are very important. Businesses decide if it is necessary to borrow money, increase prices to generate more income, or take other actions to obtain funds. The role of finance in business does not involve paying employees, buying supplies, or monitoring expenses. However, finance is involved in obtaining the funds necessary to pay employees and buy supplies. Accounting activities involve gathering data (e.g., expenses) and preparing financial reports. The finance function analyzes financial reports to make financial decisions about the business.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. B
Job satisfaction. Employees who go through orientation programs usually have greater job satisfaction because they are comfortable with their work environment and understand what is expected of them. Many businesses have extensive orientation programs designed to familiarize new employees with their jobs, coworkers, and aspects of the business. Orienting new employees helps them to better understand the business and to more effectively perform their assignments. Labor agreements are the result of negotiations between labor and management. Employee orientation does not increase competition. Increased compensation is an employee benefit but not a direct result of orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human reSOURCE: management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 335-336]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
67. D
Selling. This is a marketing function which involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Determining an appropriate price range of products to show customers is part of the selling function. Pricing is a marketing function which involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution is a marketing function which is responsible for the moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. D
To make it accessible. Businesses obtain a wide variety of information that often can be used for many purposes. Therefore, it is important to store the information for future use so it will be accessible when needed. For example, information about current customers might be used to develop procedures for attracting new customers in the future. If the information has not been stored so it is accessible, the business will need to obtain other types of information. Businesses do not need to store information to to establish quality control. Storing information does not ensure that data is accurate nor does it ensure that the information remains confidential.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Encyclopedia of Small Business. (2013). Record retention. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.enotes.com/small-business-encyclopedia/record-retention
69. A
A disaster. Managing information for business continuity is important in case of a disaster. A disaster might be manmade, such as a building fire, or it might be an act of nature, such as a tornado or a flood. No matter what, though, companies must ensure that business can still run smoothly and that employees can still access the information they need. High employee turnover, low sales volume, and a drop in stock price are not occurrences that would disrupt information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. A
Telecommuting. When Phil works from home or any remote location, he is telecommuting. Technology makes this possible. Information gathering refers to finding data for decision making or communication. Networking refers to connecting a group of computers to one main server. Collaborating means working together in cooperation with others.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
71. B
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards. Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or screen.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Simpson, A. (n.d.). What is hardware? Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.coolnerds.com/Newbies/Hardware/hardware.htm
72. C
Subject. When an employee composes an e-mail message, s/he places information in several fields of the message template before it goes to the message receiver. The "subject" field is an area in which the sender describes the topic of the e-mail message. The "subject" field immediately advises the message receiver about the type of information that the message contains. The message sender clicks the "send" button when s/he wants to transmit the e-mail message to the intended receiver. The message sender places the message receiver's e-mail address in the "to" field. When the receiver wants to respond to the e-mail sender's message, s/he clicks on the "reply" button.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 301-302]. Mason: Thomson South-Western.
73. A
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 359). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. B
Use more words for descriptors or a more precise keyword. Unless the search engine will only allow one word to be used, it is better to use exact wording to get to the site that has the needed information. For example, using "retail" as a keyword would very likely net several hundred or thousand sites, but if "grocery AND retailing AND Texas" is used, the search will be narrowed down tremendously. Opening all 578 responses is not practical. Starting at #578 is not effective because many search engines list the most popular sites related to the keyword first. Going to another search engine will probably net about the same number of results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). Basic search help. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479
75. A
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 32]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
76. A
To maintain client lists. One use of a computer database is to store information about the business's customers. A database allows a business to add and update information and to organize it in many different ways. For example, a business might organize its client list according to the amount of money each customer spends, by zip code, or by location. The business can rearrange this information at any time by a simple click on a computer key. Databases are not used to transmit documents, communicate with vendors, or to monitor economic trends.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation (2013). Access 2007: Why do I need a database-Lesson 1. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computer/lesson.aspx?id=1476&p=3
77. A
Spreadsheet. Businesses use spreadsheet software to perform mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is that it is possible to do "what if" calculations. For example, a business might enter different rates to determine the effect that those rates would have on profit. The business can experiment with different rates before deciding which rate will be most appealing to customers and still generate the desired profit. Database software is used to arrange and sort information. Desktop publishing and presentation software are used for visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. C
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Because accounts payable, accounts receivable, and general ledger applications are related or interdependent accounting activities, the company should purchase an integrated accounting software package. Marketing intelligence involves obtaining and analyzing information about the target market. Engineers use engineering design software to develop various products and structures. Customer identification and preferences are often elements of customerrelationship management integrated software.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Choon Kow, K. (2008, May 22). Integrated accounting software with SOURCE: code. Retrieved August 29, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Integrated-Accounting-Software-WithSource-Code&id=1194327
79. C
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: White, D., & Foster, N. (n.d.). What is groupware? Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm
80. C
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. C
Preventive maintenance. Preventive maintenance keeps equipment working and potentially expands the life of the equipment. It “prevents” breakdowns. Installation puts equipment into use. Safety precautions are methods of using equipment to ensure the safety of workers. Corrective maintenance is done to repair a specific problem.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Uptime Magazine. (2008, September 10). Why preventative maintenance is important. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://articles.uptimemagazine.com/uptime/2008/09/whypreventive.html
82. C
To protect themselves and the business. Maintaining safety in the workplace is a way employees can help manage risk for the business and for themselves. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of financial loss to the business and bodily injury to workers. Maintaining safety can help to increase productivity and reduce absenteeism because fewer workers are likely to be off the job due to injuries. Workers who are safety conscious should receive the approval of management, but that is not the main purpose of being concerned about safety.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 565-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
83. D
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees to prevent accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they have occurred.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 564-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. C
Point-of-sale. Point-of-sale fraud attempts to cheat a business out of money at the time of purchase. It may involve cash, checks, or credit cards. In this situation, Jerry has cheated the business out of $55 ($130 - $75 = $55) and reduced its profits on this sale. Price-ticket switching is a type of fraud in which a higher priced ticket is removed from merchandise and replaced by a lower priced ticket. Record-keeping fraud is carried out by employees who alter financial records, divert money, or commit other types of fraud. Inventory fraud involves activities such as altering the information on inventory lists.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R. C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 111). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
85. C
Obtain quantity discounts. Buyers can use several types of buying strategies. A concentrated strategy utilizes only a few suppliers in the hope of gaining quantity discounts, lower transportation costs, and improved vendor relationships. A buyer has a better chance of negotiating a discount with a vendor if the buyer purchases large quantities of goods at one time. Using only a few suppliers means that a buyer will purchase more from each one than if the buyer purchased goods from many suppliers. A buyer who uses many suppliers encourages vendor competition and may be able to acquire a greater variety of goods and gain an increased selection.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
86. D
Perpetual inventory. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Updates can be done manually or by computer. Businesses often track their office supplies to make sure that they have enough items on hand to run smoothly. Inventory shrinkage is a loss of inventory due to shoplifting, employee theft, breakage, misplacement, or poor recordkeeping. Physical inventory is the process of counting each item that is available for use. Inventory keeping is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 429-430]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
87. A
Production. Production is the creation of a good or service. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Any organization that produces or is involved in the distribution of products from the producer to the consumer is a business. Financing determines the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. B
Praise. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive such rewards as praise, raises, and promotions. A response to orderly behavior that is critical or indifferent may damage employee morale. Favoritism should be avoided since it gives an employee an unfair advantage over other employees.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-733). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
89. D
To earn a college degree. An objective is a goal, and a long-term goal is one that will take a year or more to reach. Most college degrees require at least two years of study. Learning to ride a motor bike, reading a book a week, and buying a new outfit would be short-term goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. B
Respect the opinions of others. Because of the diverse nature of the workplace, people from many different backgrounds and cultures often work together. These people frequently have different beliefs and opinions. Consequently, employees need to recognize that different people have different opinions and that those opinions should be respected. Employees will be better able to solve problems if they respect the opinions of others and try to find acceptable compromises. Taking sides in a conflict often divides the work force and creates additional problems. The nature of problem solving involves compromise rather than standing firm. Aggression is never the way to solve a problem.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Problem Solving)
91. B
Select an appropriate career. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal abilities, interests, values, attitudes, and personality traits, and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Since selecting a career involves determining how much satisfaction can be obtained in an occupation and comparing that information to individual needs, self-understanding is a major advantage in making this important decision. It is a trait that effectively controls one's own behavior, not the lives of others. Success is not ensured through self-understanding, but it may be assisted. Self-understanding helps to identify unmet needs which could lead to satisfying them.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 608-609]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
92. C
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sickleave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
93. B
Civil service office. Information about careers with government agencies is available at civil service offices, which are responsible for hiring people for many of the positions in government. Civil service offices maintain lists of current jobs available, provide information about the job requirements, and administer tests to applicants. For example, a state civil service office would have information about all jobs currently available within all state agencies. National labor unions, local trade associations, and chambers of commerce do not have information about careers in government.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: USA.gov. (2013, August 12). Government jobs. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Government-Jobs.shtml
94. A
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers, and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing. Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer service representatives. This position gives them experience in working with customers and learning the business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department. Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level positions in marketing.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 51). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. A
Left for a better job. When providing information about previous jobs, you should present a positive picture of yourself and your former employers. Avoid saying anything that puts you or a former employer in a negative light. Therefore, comments such as "unable to get along with supervisor," "unfair supervisor," and "unpleasant working environment" should be avoided. Telling a potential employer that you left to find a better job says nothing negative about your abilities or those of former employers.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. B
Ask questions. Asking questions is an important part of the interview process. The interviewer will ask questions of the applicant, but the applicant also is usually given the opportunity to ask questions. Interviewees should be prepared to ask questions that indicate their interest in the business and in the job. Possible questions include asking about advancement opportunities, if additional training is provided, or when a decision will be made about filling the job. Some businesses require applicants to take tests before they are invited to interview. In most cases, applicants will not meet coworkers during the employment interview. Résumés are prepared and submitted in order to apply for a position and obtain a job interview.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 140). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Yes, the worker can write if s/he has heard about a job opening. In some cases, a worker looking for a job will hear about a job opening from some other SOURCE: than a job advertisement. It is acceptable for the worker to write a letter stating that s/he has heard of an opening and asking to be considered for the position. In some cases, this results in an interview and a job. Most companies do not discard such letters but keep them on file in case of future need. It would not be appropriate or practical to send letters to all businesses in the industry.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 493-494). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. B
E-mail address. Today, many job applications are completed online and résumés are sent electronically. Also, many businesses communicate electronically with potential employees. Therefore, if individuals have an e-mail address, they include the address in the personal information section of their résumé to make it easy for the business to contact them. Information about a previous employer appears in the references section. It is not appropriate to include information about marital status. Information about volunteer experience appears in the work experience section.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 641, 645]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
99. B
Work in a specific industry. Trade associations often provide continuing educational options for workers who want or need to expand their skills and knowledge in a specific industry, such as plumbing or building. As technology evolves, workers often need to attend classes, seminars, and workshops to keep up with the changes in their industry. Some trade associations offer management training classes, but not all workers need or want these types of skills. Workers who want to obtain a graduate degree need to attend a college or university that offers graduate-level programs. People who are near retirement are unlikely to attend continuing education classes or professional development seminars and workshops.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: OHBA. (2008). Continuing education requirements to affect contractors. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://www.umpquavalleyhba.org/membership-information/ccb-continuingeducation-requirements.html
100. A
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It includes identifying the jobs to be performed, assigning responsibility for them, establishing departments to handle the jobs, and determining how many and which employees managers will supervise. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test Sample 2015
Business Administration Core Exam
1. C
Corporation. Stockholders in corporations have limited liability; that is, their losses are limited to the amount of money that they have invested in the business. Partnerships and sole proprietorships have unlimited liability, meaning that the business owners are personally liable for debts incurred by the business. Joint proprietorship is not a form of business ownership.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
2. B
Government publications. Regardless of whether you are writing a report, preparing for a debate, or simply learning something new for the fun of it, identifying and reading sources that provide relevant, valid information about the subject at hand is very important. If you don't use relevant, valid information, you may write, say, or learn something that is misleading or untrue. A number of criteria are commonly used to determine if certain written materials are relevant and valid. These criteria include the author's credibility, the date of publication, the publisher, etc. For instance, if you are researching federal legislation such as copyright law, you are most likely to read relevant, valid information in government publications. The government writes and enforces copyright law and other federal legislation, so government publications about these laws are most likely to be timely, accurate, complete, and on topic. People commonly express their opinions, not facts, in online discussion forums. Search engines are software programs that automatically crawl the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and display a list of results. The search engines themselves do not contain information about federal legislation; they direct you to other websites—some good and some not so good—about federal legislation such as copyright law. Political blogs typically reflect the opinions of their writers, so their information may or may not be relevant or valid.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Gil, P. (2014, July). How to properly research on the Internet. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://netforbeginners.about.com/od/navigatingthenet/tp/how_to_research_online.htm
3. B
The use of company property. Businesses often develop employee handbooks, which provide information about their general policies and procedures. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they are hired. Employee handbooks usually provide information about overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Many employee handbooks include information about employees and their personal use of company property. Company-property issues that the handbook might address include making personal long-distance phone calls on the company phone and using the office copy machine or laser printer for non-business purposes. Lists of the company's current job openings and personal information about vacation days are usually available through the human-resources department, and are not included in the employee handbook. Additionally, the company's annual report is not usually included in the employee handbook. Often, corporations post their annual reports on the company's website.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: SmallBusinessNotes.com. (n.d.). Employee handbook. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/managing-your-business/employee-handbook.html
4. A
Past experiences. People often think they know what someone is going to say before s/he says it and as a result do not listen well. People's past experiences may influence how well they listen because they think they already know the answer or understand the explanation. Effective listeners try to block out past experiences and focus on what the speaker is saying. Age differences, attention span, and language skills are other factors that may affect how well people listen.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 18-22]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
5. A
Tone of voice. People can change the meaning of their words by changing their tone of voice. For example, the same words can be a request or a command depending upon the tone used to deliver them. Tempo is the rate of speed or rhythm the speaker uses. Economy of speech is using as few words as possible to express an idea. Accuracy refers to the correctness of the message.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 74-76]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. C
Conducting research about the company prior to the interview. From the research, Shawn can write a few questions that directly relate to the company or its industry. Even though additional questions may come up during the interview, it is always best to be prepared with relevant questions based on research. It is important that Shawn confirms that the questions are relevant by researching them himself instead of taking his friends' (or anyone else's) advice. Questions about the interviewer's personal life are not relevant to the job interview.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 65]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
7. D
Follow up with the customer after obtaining the requested information. When employees do not know the answer to their customers' questions, they should take steps to get the answers. This often involves researching the problem or issue. When extensive research is required, an employee should obtain the customer's contact information and call him/her back with the requested information after the research has been completed. The nature of the inquiry determines if literature should be sent to the customer or if another employee or manager should answer the customer's inquiry. For example, a question about a bill may be better answered by an accounts-receivable employee than a purchasing agent. And, in this situation, it would be inappropriate to send product information.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 544, 548-549]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
8. A
Employees process information differently. Because there are different ways that people process information, it is important to consider those differences when providing employees with verbal directions. For example, audio learners are more comfortable with sound and dialog, so when giving directions, it is beneficial to speak clearly and use terminology that the listeners can relate to. Sometimes this involves using a metaphor or simile to make a point. Diagrams and pictures are often useful when providing directions to visual learners. For learners who are motion-oriented, demonstrating the activity often reinforces the verbal explanation and makes it easier for employees to understand. This might include an actual demonstration or a video of a demonstration. It's always a good idea to ask the employees if they understand the directions because they may be too embarrassed to ask questions—even if they are confused. Presenting the directions in reverse order may confuse the employees.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Bock, W. (2006, September 20). How to give better instructions. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Give-Better-Instructions&id=305933
9. D
Logical evidence. Being prepared will help individuals remain objective and able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. They should be prepared to explain supporting information because others may have questions or concerns about the ideas. Using logical evidence, such as related statistics or facts, will help individuals defend their ideas because they are relying on valid evidence rather than personal opinions. Individuals who defend their ideas objectively do not use emotional information, personal opinions, or unrelated statistics.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 335-336]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. D
Enunciate clearly. Enunciating clearly involves speaking clearly and distinctly, which makes the message easy for the listener to follow. The message may not be clear if employees mumble or speak rapidly. It is sometimes useful to have notes when speaking on the telephone, but it is not always necessary. Other guidelines to follow are to use appropriate vocabulary and to avoid using an excessive amount of "filler" words, such as "um" and "uh." Fillers words can be distracting and often indicate that the speaker is unsure about what s/he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-89]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. B
Be accurate. When you state a fact, it's important to be accurate. Make sure you can support your statement. Don't generalize. Stating a fact is not usually about thinking before you speak (as in stating an opinion) or about changing your mind (as in hearing a fact stated by another person).
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
12. C
Listen carefully. Brooke must listen to the speaker so she can identify the key points that she wants to write down. By noting the key points, Brooke will be able to refer the most important information when she needs it later. Effective note-taking does not involve answering questions or expressing opinions. Brooke might need her notes to develop a briefing, which is a summary of important information or instructions.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Illinois State University. (n.d.). Evaluate your present note-taking system: Guidelines for note-taking. Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://universitycollege.illinoisstate.edu/downloads/Notetaking%20%28Standford%20PDF%2 9.pdf
13. A
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual (text-oriented) because their content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. D
All the necessary information. When preparing written communication, one of the most important rules is to be thorough and provide all the necessary information because the receiver may not have the opportunity to ask questions in person. Letters confirming customer orders should answer the questions of who, what, when, and where by including specific information about ordered items, quantity, delivery address, etc. The letters should contain all the necessary information to verify that what the business intends to provide is exactly what the customers have requested. Whether product ratings and grades, exchange rates, and a map of all business locations are necessary information to include in a confirmation letter depends on the type of business and the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 124]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
15. B
Identifying the sequential steps of a process. When describing activities that need to be done in a specific order, the writer might want to number the steps to set the process apart from the text and to clarify the process. One testimonial or a single piece of information does not require a numerical designation to reinforce the order of content. Charts are graphics that summarize numerical data. A narrative writing format is usually most appropriate when providing an example to clarify a concept.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p.155]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. C
To explain new policies. One of the main functions of an informational message is to provide information to readers in such a way that they understand the message. A type of written information that businesses often provide to customers is an explanation of new policies and how those policies will affect customers. For example, if a business is changing its credit policy, it wants to inform customers about the change and let them know that the change will benefit them. Research reports are an in-depth study of a specific business problem or situation. Businesses write informational messages to inform rather than to obtain feedback. Analyzing sales proposals involves reviewing information.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 230-233]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
17. C
To develop ad campaigns for clients. Account executives often participate in meetings with clients and other advertising agency staff to develop ad campaigns for the clients. The purpose of the meeting is to identify the clients' advertising needs, discuss ways of satisfying those needs, and design a successful campaign. In many cases, there are problems to solve because the client may have a limited advertising budget or specific requirements for the campaign. Account executives usually do not schedule production facilities. Media buyers are responsible for placing ads. Copywriters write copy for promotional brochures. These activities often take place after the meeting phase in order to implement the ad campaign.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 46]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
A unique individual. Each individual customer has his or her own basic personality, and s/he reacts in different ways to salespeople. Employees should be friendly and courteous to all and adapt to each customer's behavior in a positive manner. Considering each customer as a possible problem is a negative approach that would probably prevent good customer relations. Not all customers are in a hurry.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
19. D
Maintaining a positive attitude. A business's service orientation is its philosophy of providing quality service. To express its service orientation, a business uses various communication channels, one of which is the business's employees. The employees' verbal cues (e.g., words, tone of voice) and nonverbal cues (e.g., hygiene, dress, gestures, facial expressions) convey their personal attitudes, which customers often believe are a reflection of the business's attitudes. Employees who convey a positive attitude are willing to help customers. They convey this attitude by knowing the product and by being courteous and empathetic with their customers. Service-oriented employees also listen to their customers and help them resolve problems when possible, rather than referring complaints to coworkers. While it is important for employees to help customers, they are not always in a position to offer deep discounts.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 537, 546-547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
20. A
To make sure the business's actions are consistent. Business policies keep the day-to-day operations running smoothly and consistently. Policies ensure that employees will handle the same situations in the same manner, rather than making decisions regarding each customer, because the policies provide guidelines for employees to follow. Business policies cannot ensure profits. Policies usually set rules for exchanges of goods, but they do not encourage customers to make exchanges frequently.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
21. D
Maintain eye contact. As an employee, you want to show customers that you want to listen. To do this, you should maintain eye contact, look and act interested, avoid doing other things, concentrate on what the customer is saying, and ask questions to clarify, when appropriate. You should strive to minimize your talking while maximizing your active listening. Defending company policy before the customer has finished speaking may make the customer angry. Also, you should not raise your voice; instead, talk softly and slowly. Remember, customers take their cues from you.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. C
Yes, because the salesperson does not have an opportunity to handle the complaint. Salespeople are not able to satisfy noncomplainers because they do not express their dissatisfaction to anyone associated with the business. They do, however, express ill feelings to friends, to relatives, and to coworkers. In this way, they create a poor image of the business. Because of this, they are a much bigger problem than complainers. Once salespeople know the SOURCE: of customer complaints, they can seek ways to satisfy the complainers within company guidelines.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. D
Consistent follow-through. A brand promise is a company's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. A company must follow through by performing certain actions in consistent ways to fulfill that promise. Both long- and short-term planning can help the company develop strategies to carry out the brand promise; however, unless the strategies are carried out consistently, the planning efforts are useless. Ongoing promotion helps maintain brand awareness, but it does not fulfill the company's commitment to the customer through product quality, service, etc. The company's profits involve setting internal goals rather than carrying out promises made to customers.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Kavanaugh, S. (2007, August 5). Successful brand-five key elements and one mantra. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Successful-Branding—-Five-KeyElements-and-One-Mantra&id=675985
24. B
Specialty. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. The specialty item Keisha desires will take a lot of money and effort to acquire. A shopping good is a consumer good purchased after consumers compare goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Keisha is not concerned with price. A convenience good is a consumer good purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Keisha has put a lot of thought into this purchase. Industrial goods are purchased for resale, not consumer usage.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
25. D
Meet unlimited human wants. Economics is the study of how people satisfy unlimited, competing, economic wants with limited resources. Although human wants are unlimited, the resources we have available to satisfy the wants are limited. The public debt and the role of government are governmental responsibilities. Economics does not increase the basic value of products.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. C
Customer. The marketing concept is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying customer wants and needs. In other words, the customer is at the heart of the marketing concept. The marketing concept is not about the needs and wants of the marketer, wholesaler, or retailer.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
27. B
Increase. Demand is the amount of an item customers can and will purchase. When price decreases, the demand for a product usually increases. The demand usually does not remain the same, fluctuate, or decrease.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More is Less (Functions of Prices)
28. D
Maximizing. The more profit the company makes, the more it can grow, providing better salaries to its workers, more jobs in the community, and making possible larger charitable contributions and other benefits to society. None of these would be possible if the company reduces, divides, or controls its profits.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
29. C
Contributing to worthy causes. When businesses make profits, they are more likely to contribute to worthy causes that help improve the communities in which they are located. They may provide funds to support higher education or to fight poverty and disease. Investing in foreign companies, building facilities in other cities, and increasing salaries of executives would not help improve the local community.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
30. B
Transferring. The business has transferred the risk to the insurance company. The business will pay the insurance company fees called premiums in order to be reimbursed by the insurance company if its trucks are damaged, stolen, or wrecked. A risk is being avoided if it is recognized and eliminated. A business is retaining, or keeping, a risk if it does nothing about it. A risk is being controlled when measures are taken to prevent or reduce the risk factor.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
31. A
Price fixing. Price fixing eliminates competition and is illegal. Price indexing is a method of measuring inflation. Price controls are used by the government to set prices for certain products and/or industries. Price discrimination occurs when businesses charge customers different prices for similar amounts and types of goods. It is also illegal.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. B
Zoning laws. Government passes zoning laws to protect the value of business property by allowing only certain types of businesses to occupy an area. Minimum-wage laws, safety standards, and consumerprotection laws are all examples of areas of government involvement, but they are not related to protecting business property.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
33. A
Proactive behavior. Overlaps of leadership and emotional intelligence include proactive behavior, perseverance, positive working relationships, and confidence. Proactive behavior is taking action before problems develop. Although creativity may be helpful to a leader, it is not a leadership skill that overlaps with the skills of emotional intelligence. Adaptability is accepting change without becoming fearful or angry. A positive attitude is being optimistic and willing to start new projects without all the details. Adaptability and a positive attitude are characteristics of self-management.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Prejudice is an attitude, not an act. An employer who thinks that all young people are lazy and poorly trained is exhibiting prejudice because the employer is putting all young people into one category and is not considering individual differences. If employers refuse to hire young people because they are prejudiced against them, the employers are guilty of discrimination, which is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, e.g., race, gender, age, etc. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual. Hostility involves acting in an unfriendly or menacing manner.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 187). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. C
Identify one strength for every weakness. Although an important aspect of self-assessment is evaluating your weaknesses, obsessing over them will only discourage you. If you identify one strength for every weakness, you will have a more accurate, realistic assessment of yourself. Comparing yourself to others and making false generalizations may also hinder your ability to accurately assess yourself. Asking others for both positive and negative feedback is an important aspect of the self-assessment process, but it is counter-productive to obsess over the negative feedback.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
36. D
Jane believes that she can respond to unknown circumstances in a positive, calm way. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Because Jane believes that she can respond to unknown circumstances in a positive way, she is a self-confident person. Being nervous, being embarrassed, and being frustrated may indicate a lack of self-confidence.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 119). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. A
Asking irrelevant questions. Any questions should be relevant to the customer's wants and needs in order to indicate your interest in meeting those needs. Choosing positive words, speaking in an expressive manner, and listening are all ways to exhibit interest and enthusiasm.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006) Succeeding in the workd of work (pp. 181-186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
Initiative. Initiative is defined as the willingness to act without having to be told to do so, or the willingness to accept or seek additional or unpleasant duties. The employee who offers to help another is showing initiative by seeking additional duties. Empathy means the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness is behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Honesty is truthfulness.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
39. C
Stealing from the company. Don and his coworkers are stealing time from the company because they are not working during all of the hours for which they are being paid. Allocating a certain amount of time for a lunch break is routine business procedure, not a fringe benefit. These employees are demonstrating that they do not follow ethical principles or act in a trustworthy manner.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 236). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. A
Attitude. Attitudes are very personal feelings and values. Attitudes may be positive or negative. Values are ideas, beliefs, etc., held by an individual. Aptitude is possessing the skill or ability to do something. Motives are the reasons underlying an individual's behavior.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
41. B
"I'm sorry; I don't know how I overlooked it." In order to benefit from criticism, start by admitting you were wrong. This can be hard to do, or embarrassing, but you can learn to do it. Even when the criticism is justified, as it was in Ed's case, the person making the criticism will have more respect for you if you accept blame. All of the other alternatives are excuses.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. A
"I am so sorry. I understand how difficult that must have been for you." Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. It enables you to imagine how the other person sees things and feels about them. The other alternatives are comments that do not involve empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy to Others)
43. B
Cultural sensitivity. The willingness to adjust your opinions and behaviors so that you value different people and ideas is cultural sensitivity. Communication is an exchange of information. Prejudice is an opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
44. B
"I already have plans for Friday, but I'd be glad to help you on Saturday." Assertive behavior is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. "Well, I did have plans for tonight, but I guess I can change them," represents passive behavior. Passive behavior is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. The remaining alternatives represent aggressive behavior, which is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
45. C
The issue is not very important. The way a person reacts to conflict is called his/her conflict response mode. The yielding response mode means that one party accommodates or gives in to the other party's request. Yielding is most appropriate when the issue isn't very important, such as deciding where to go to lunch. Bullying tactics are characteristic of the forcing conflict response mode. This often involves physical or emotional abuse, is hurtful to relationships, and is inappropriate to use. A person who wants to look at all sides of the issue is using the problem-solving response mode. A person using the withdrawal response mode tries to ignore or avoid the conflict. This response mode often increases the person's level of stress because s/he is always thinking about how to avoid the other person who is involved in the conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. A
Work team. A work team is a group of employees which is responsible for carrying out an entire work process. This might include all the steps in producing a product, performing a service, or running a section of the business. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project. A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as obtaining speakers for a conference.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2007). Fundamentals of organizational behavior (4th ed.) [p. 212]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
47. B
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility, and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility, also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
48. A
Developing an action plan for each goal. By planning ahead for how he will overcome potential obstacles, Trey is developing an action plan for his goal. This will make it easier to face roadblocks if and when they pop up. In this scenario, Trey is not putting his goals in writing, reviewing and revising his goals, or making sure they are compatible with each other.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
49. A
Initiating a meeting about updating your employee break room. Initiating a meeting about a needed change at work is leading change. The change is happening because of you. Learning that you've received a promotion, losing a customer to a competing firm, and getting a new coworker from another department are all changes, but they are changes that are happening to you instead of changes that you've initiated.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
50. A
Form and conduct relationships. When you study human relations, you examine the ways that people form and conduct relationships with one another. Relationships between people are often very complex and can be either effective or ineffective. They are affected by people's personal styles, their opinions, and their communication skills.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
51. B
Credit. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. One option businesses have to obtain credit is to secure credit cards from lending institutions. Businesses can obtain the goods and services they need right away, such as airline tickets and supplies, and then pay for the items when they receive their statement from their lending institutions. Businesses often purchase the things they need to operate effectively online. In fact, many web-based businesses will only accept credit cards as a form of payment. Debit cards, ATM cards, and store-value (gift) cards do not delay payment.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 367). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. D
Dividends. Individuals and businesses acquire income in many ways. Dividends are earnings that are paid to investors or stockholders for their investments. When Pedro purchased shares of Tabor stock, he became an owner of the company. As an owner of the company, Pedro has the opportunity to earn a percentage of the company's profits, which are paid to him in the form of dividends. Wages are the income that workers earn for the work that they perform. Interest is the reward or cost of lending or borrowing money, usually figured as a percentage of the amount borrowed. An inheritance is the assets (e.g., property, goods, money) that a person leaves to others upon his/her death.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 447-448]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
53. A
Convenience. Credit allows businesses and consumers to pay for several different purchases at one time with a single payment. It reduces the need to carry cash and provides the convenience of ordering by telephone. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Interest is the fee which lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Credit does not provide reassurance or comfort.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 380]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
54. A
Own the item. When an item is purchased, money is exchanged for the right to own the item. Using credit may be part of the purchase process. Filing a claim may occur later if the buyer's (or seller's) rights were not upheld. Paying for the item is the process of exchanging money during a purchase.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
55. A
Written down. People who have written goals accomplish 50 to 100 times more than people who do not. You are not more likely to achieve goals that are based on needs only or that are long- or short-term.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
56. B
Car payment. Developing a personal budget helps individuals manage their income and expenses. An important consideration in budgeting involves identifying fixed expenses, which are the expenses (cash outflows) that do not fluctuate or change from month to month. Car payments, insurance, and rent are examples of fixed expenses. Groceries, home repairs, and clothing are variable expenses, or expenses that may fluctuate slightly from month to month.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 165]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
57. B
Gross pay. Gross pay is the total income earned for the pay period before income taxes and other deductions are subtracted from the wages. Net pay is the amount of money that the worker receives after the taxes and other deductions have been subtracted from his/her wages. Tax-exempt income includes revenues that are not taxed, such as tax refunds, veteran's benefits, and welfare benefits. Overtime income is the amount of money that an hourly worker earns for working more hours than s/he is normally scheduled to work.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2012). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections: First-year course (pp. 314-316). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill.
58. D
As soon as each check is written. To keep accurate records, you need to record all information in the check register as each transaction occurs. Otherwise, the date, check number, or check amount may be recorded inaccurately. Waiting to record check information can result in difficulties with balancing bank statements when they arrive. This could also result in checks being returned to you for inadequate funds.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Credit Union National Association. (2008). The balancing act part 1: Keep good records. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://googolplex.cuna.org/12433/cnote/article.php?doc_id=1608
59. A
Annual percentage rate. The annual percentage rate (APR) is the interest paid on the portion of the bill Sheila does not pay each month. An annual fee is a once-a-year payment made to the credit card company that permits the person to use the company's credit card. A late fee is issued when a person does not submit any payment at all by the monthly due date. An overdraft fee is charged by a bank when a customer writes a check for more money than is in his/her checking account.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Gerson, E.S., & Woolsey, B. (2014). Picking the right card: Comparing the various types of credit cards. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-cardnews/help/types-of-credit-cards-6000.php
60. A
Use secure web browsers when purchasing online. Identity theft occurs when an individual obtains and uses another person's information (e.g., credit cards) without that person's consent. To reduce the risk of identity theft, people should use secure web browsers to make purchases. Because Internet sales transactions often require a person to provide credit card information, it is important to make sure that the web browsers are secure. Using secure websites reduces the risk of computer hackers obtaining confidential information for fraudulent purposes. Another way to reduce the risk of identity theft is to memorize passwords. If a personal planner is stolen, the risk of identity theft goes because the passwords are written down. Also, people should not share bank account numbers with others. When more people know an individual's banking information, the risk of identity theft increases. Everyday cash transactions do not require a purchaser to provide personal information and, therefore, do not pose a high risk for identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: StaySaleOnline.org. (2014). Online shopping: It's important to take steps to protect yourself when shopping online. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.staysafeonline.org/staysafe-online/protect-your-personal-information/online-shopping
61. C
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, charitable donations can be claimed as tax deductions on an individual's personal tax return. The tax filer may need to provide a receipt for donations that exceed a certain amount of money. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home-mortgage interest, and child care. Charitable donations are not claimed on tax returns as public property, living expenses, or discretionary income.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (p. 164). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
62. C
Bonds. A lending investment is one in which a lender allows a borrower to use his/her money during a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest. A bond is a type of lending investment in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Homes, antiques, and stocks are ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 204). South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. B
Anyone who needs to use it. Financial information is not useful unless it is understandable by anyone who needs to use it. This might include more than just accountants and managers. Not everyone who needs to use financial information will have a background in finance. Financial information may not be understandable to every single person, but that doesn't mean it isn't useful—it just has to be understood by the people who need to use it.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. A
Tracking financial transactions. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. The financial records include a variety of data, such as monies received from sales transactions and monies paid to others (e.g., vendors) to cover expenses. Advertising activities are elements of the business's promotional function. Warehousing refers to the storage of goods for use by the business or for resale. Employees use production equipment to a make a good or to facilitate a service the business sells.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Presents financial information in a consistent format. Accounting standards (e.g., generally accepted accounting principles) are rules that accountants use to prepare and summarize financial reports. Because accountants use the same standards and rules, accounting information is consistent and clear to all of the people who read, interpret, and work with financial information. Summarizing data in different ways and identifying inconsistent business procedures are not advantages of using accounting standards. To be in compliance, businesses must fully disclose important financial data.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102, 106-107). South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. A
False; in companies without HR departments, other managers and supervisors participate in HR management activities. Human resources management is a function of business, as well as a department. In other words, bigger companies may have a great number of employees dedicated solely to managing human resources, but in small businesses without an official “HR department,” this important function still remains. And, even in big companies, human resources management is not contained solely within the HR department—supervisors and managers across the organization also take some part in managing human resources, although their level of involvement varies from business to business. Smaller companies need HR management as much as bigger ones, and HR managers aren't the only ones who can complete these activities. Not all employees will participate in HR activities, however.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. A
Promotion. The example illustrates an advertising activity that is part of the promotion function. Purchasing is a business activity necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of a business. Selling is responding to customer needs and wants through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Product/Service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. D
An article written by a Harvard economics professor that was published in a business magazine last month. When evaluating the quality of online information, it is important to consider factors such as the SOURCE: type, the author's expertise, and the publication date. The Harvard professor has extensive knowledge about the topic of economics. The article was published last month, so it likely reflects current events and is up to date. A college student and a 16-year-old entrepreneur do not have the level of expertise that the professor has. The 2009 report and a 2005 textbook are not as up to date as an article written last month.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Rogier, M. (2014, June 23). How to determine the validity of a research article. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5035804_determine-validity-researcharticle.html
69. D
Updated. Obsolescence occurs when something is outdated. Technology is always evolving, so computer systems and applications are always subject to obsolescence. Businesses must update the ways in which they store or archive their information because the format may not be usable in the future. For example, modern computers do not have outlets that read floppy disks, which were popular external storage devices several years ago. The way people summarize or process information is not related to the state of obsolescence.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Fiddes, R. (2010, February 5). Dangers of outdated backup solutions. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.backupreview.info/2010/02/05/backup-technology-online-backupexpert-tips-dangers-of-outdated-backup-solutions/
70. C
It may be one part of a business's overall information management program. A management information system (MIS) is a form of technology that assists with a business's information management needs. It is not the same thing as an information management program; however, it may be one part of an overall information management program. An MIS is just hardware and software, but an overall information management program involves people, processes, and practices.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. B
It permanently stores the computer program files and data. The hard drive is the component of the computer's central processing unit (CPU) that stores the computer's program files and inputted data. A sound card is a device that transmits sound waves through the computer so the user can hear audio elements. A computer monitor allows the user to view the computer data. The power supply transmits power to other computer devices (e.g., printer) so they can operate.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2014). Parts of a computer. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/computer-parts#1TC=windows-7
72. D
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2014). What is an operating system? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
73. D
Email inquiry field. Many businesses provide a feedback option on their websites that enables customers to email the business concerning problems or to ask questions. The email inquiry field is an effective method of providing customer service as long as the business responds in an appropriate amount of time. A portable document format allows users to view files created by another operating system. An electronic file attachment allows a user to send an attachment with an email message. Computer programming code is used to create software, web pages, etc.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: CT-CLIC.com. (2007-2014). Online inquiry form. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ctclic.com/ContactForm/default.asp
74. A
Track their appointments. Cellular telephones are available with many options. Many cell phones have calendar and scheduling applications that allow users to set and track their tasks and appointments. Cell phones may also include Internet access to check email, text-messaging functions to send text messages to clients, and global positioning systems (GPS), which are navigational tools that help users to obtain driving directions.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2014). How to use a cell phone calendar. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4444117_use-cell-phone-calendar.html#
75. A
Font. The format bar or ribbon sits above the document. It provides a set of buttons that enables users to change or format different aspects of the document. The font buttons in the format bar include the an option that enables users to change the size of text. Other buttons in the font format bar enable users to bold or italicize text or change the typeface or color of the text. The paragraph, replace, and view buttons do not enable users to change the size of the text.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Comptuer Hope. (2014). How do I change the font color, size, or type in Word? Retrieved July 17, 2014, from http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000829.htm
76. D
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information and to send postcards to specific customers. Word-processing, spreadsheet, and desktop publishing software do not perform the functions required by the dealer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 213-214). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Integrated. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. An example of integrated software is Microsoft Office—it consists of several related programs, such as word-processing (Word), spreadsheet (Excel), presentation (PowerPoint), and database (Access). Trajectory software is used to measure velocity, wind drift, momentum, etc.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2014). Integrated software. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/integrated-software.html
78. C
Allow employees to have access to the same information. Employees often work together to complete projects, and many of these employees work in different locations. Groupware computer software allows employees to share and access the same information from a variety of locations. The ability to access the same information allows each employee to have the necessary data to complete his/her portion of the project in a timely manner. By completing projects in a timely manner, businesses are in a better position to satisfy clients/customers and earn profits, which might increase their market share. Some businesses use groupware computer software to exchange information with their customers, but this depends on the type of business and the relationship with the customer. Groupware computer software can be used in many ways, including training, but the primary purpose is to make information available to the people who need it.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.web-conferencingzone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
79. A
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's website. Stella can register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television cables. Ethernet is a local area network.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: WebHostingSearch.com. (2012, January 8). Publishing your website in three steps Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-yourwebsite.php
80. D
All other parts of the business. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in all other parts of the business. This is because operations activities affect every other business function, including marketing, finance, human resources, etc. Depending on the business, operations managers may or may not work with managers in foreign markets. Operations managers do not work with managers at competitive businesses.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. B
To correct dangerous situations. It is important to report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations in order to force businesses to correct dangerous situations. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses or employees do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations; however, businesses may be fined if they continue to ignore the regulations. During the process of investigating a report of noncompliance, it may be necessary to obtain business records. The primary purpose of reporting noncompliance is not to support whistleblowing policies. Whistleblowing policies and legislation is to protect employees from employer retribution for reporting noncompliance.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: All About OSHA. (2014). What are my rights? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.allaboutosha.com/employee-rights
82. D
They are exposed to different safety hazards. The types of safety hazards employees encounter depends upon where people work and the type of work that they do. The number of hazards each faces depends upon many factors, such as employees' observance of safety rules, management's attention to unsafe conditions, and the business's enforcement of safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
83. C
Reporting noticeable hazards to management. One way to prevent hazardous conditions is to be aware of the things that create these types of situations. For example, if an employee notices that an electrical cord is frayed, s/he should notify the appropriate manager about the problem so the manager can take steps to have the electrical cord repaired or replaced. If the electrical cord is not repaired or replaced, someone could be shocked or a fire could start. All employees should perform their daily duties in a timely manner regardless of hazards that they may encounter. Employees should replenish supplies (e.g., paper in the copy machine) to be courteous of their coworkers. Toxic waste must be handled in specific ways; therefore, employees should report this problem to management so it can be removed safely.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: All About OSHA. (2014). What are my rights? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.allaboutosha.com/employee-rights
84. D
Computer. A competitor who is willing to commit fraud can benefit by stealing information from a business's files, such as ideas or designs for new products, promotional plans, and personal information about executives. Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Point-of-sale fraud attempts to cheat a business at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (n.d.). Computer and internet fraud. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/computer_and_internet_fraud
85. D
Set the security alarm, locks the doors. Businesses install locks and security alarms to protect their facilities from theft and burglary. Depending on the business's procedures, the last employee to leave for the day should set the security alarm and lock the door. In some situations, the security alarm can be set with a remote device after the employee leaves the building and locks the doors. Turning off the lights and adjusting the thermostat will not protect the building from unlawful entry. Turning on a surveillance camera may deter and identify thieves and burglars, but this will not prevent them from entering the building.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 48-51, 60-61). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. C
Extension. A purchase order is the form that a business fills out to order goods and services. It is considered a contract between the buyer and seller. As a contract, the purchase order contains information, such as the buyer, seller, shipping address, types and quantities of items needed, prices, etc. The extension indicates the total cost of each quantity of products the buyer is purchasing. The extension amount is determined by multiplying the quantity purchased by the price per unit. For example, if a purchase order indicates that a buyer wants 12 of product X, which costs $18 each, then the extension price for Product X is $216. The product code is the vendor's identification number for the item. The amount due includes all extended prices, tax, and delivery charges.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 210-211). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
87. B
Estimating how long each step in production will take. Scheduling establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Employees responsible for scheduling look at the number of steps in the production process and estimate how long each step will take. Purchasing is the production activity that obtains the needed resources. Routing is the production activity that establishes the path inputs take from the time they are received by the business until they become outputs. Dispatching is issuing orders for production to start.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. D
After assessing the situation. The situation will dictate how a person will present him/herself to others. For example, a person attending a corporate board meeting might wear something different than someone who is attending a rock concert. Once the situation has been assessed, the individual can determine what to wear for the occasion. Showering and brushing teeth are practices of proper hygiene. Some hygiene practices (e.g., showering), must be completed before dressing. A final check consists of activities to make sure that personal appearance is in place. This is done after the person puts on the clothing.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
89. B
Classifying. There are many ways to classify your activities. One way to classify or group activities would be on the basis of frequency. Identifying activities involves listing them, prioritizing identifies the order in which they should be done, and scheduling establishes a time plan for carrying out the activities.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: TaskManagementGuide.com. (2004-2014). What is task classification? Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.taskmanagementguide.com/glossary/what-is-task-classification-.php
90. C
Finishing a six-week computer-software course. An objective is a goal, and a short-term goal is one that takes less than a year to achieve. A six-week course is only a small part of a year. Becoming president of a large corporation, becoming fluent in a foreign language, or paying off a twenty-five year mortgage are long-term goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
91. A
Gives you a true picture of yourself. Self-understanding involves identifying both your strengths and your weaknesses. When you recognize your strengths, it is easier to accept your weaknesses. This helps you to like and to accept yourself, which are essential to raising your level of self-esteem. You may develop personal interests or identify enjoyable social activities through self-understanding, but they may not affect your level of self-esteem. Comparing your skills with the skills of others is not part of selfunderstanding.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. B
Company policy manual. Policies are the general rules or expectations to be followed by company personnel. Often, businesses provide these rules in a publication, such as a manual. Issues such as absences, vacations, dress codes, and the personal use of email or other office equipment are often addressed in a written form. Although it is possible to obtain information about an employer's expectations from the company website, interoffice correspondence, and coworkers, these options are not always the most reliable or the most accurate. In addition, some companies do not have websites or do not use them to post workplace policies.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 174-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Their personalities. Personality is an individual's distinctive qualities or traits and behavior. Each person has a unique personality that will have an effect on the type of occupation that will be of interest to him/her. For example, people who are outgoing and friendly will be interested in different careers than those that will interest people who prefer to work alone. Individuals should consider their personality when identifying possible occupations, rather than family history, parents' occupations, or friends' opinions.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 37-38). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. C
Talents and skills. Talents and skills are aptitudes that have an effect on the type of career that would be most suitable for an individual. When considering employment opportunities, individuals should consider their talents and skills because they are more likely to do well in careers that require their specific talents and skills. Also, they usually will enjoy a career that is compatible with their talents and skills. Finding the right job often satisfies wants and needs. Health and safety are not necessarily issues to consider because most jobs in business are safe and do not adversely affect an individual's health. Individuals usually do not consider their time and money when reviewing employment opportunities.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 36-37). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. D
Small-business owners generally are not interested in expanding their businesses. Entrepreneurs are individuals who expand their businesses in the form of products, personnel, and target markets. Entrepreneurs can, but do not usually, buy existing businesses or franchise rights. However, for franchise owners to be entrepreneurs, they must expand the business or create new businesses. Entrepreneurs are usually very involved in the daily management of their businesses in the early stages of the ventures. The U.S. Small Business Administration defines a small business as being one employing fewer than 500 people.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. B
Avoid making any negative statements about the firm she left. In many cases, people leave jobs because they can no longer tolerate the workplace. They may want to get away from a disagreeable coworker, a domineering boss, or an unpleasant atmosphere. When these people apply for new jobs, they should not describe problems or be totally honest and open about their previous situations. They should not be dishonest, but they should give whatever positive reason applies to them. These might include the desire for added responsibility, the hope of career advancement, or the wish to broaden horizons. Refusing to discuss why you left a job would indicate that you were hiding something or had been fired for some reason.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Garcia, L. (2010, January 21). What to say to potential employers about choosing to leave your last job. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.washingtonpost.com/wpdyn/content/article/2010/01/20/AR2010012002920.html
97. D
After every employment interview. Job applicants should send follow-up letters after every employment interview in order to thank the interviewer for considering them. Sending follow-up letters is a common courtesy to interviewers, but it also benefits the applicant. Even if the applicants are not hired at that time, they have created a favorable impression in the event that they apply for other positions with that business in the future. Applicants should always send follow-up letters, not only if they are interested in the job, sure they will get the job, or convinced they are qualified.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 71]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. A
Targeted. Some jobs have certain requirements that applicants should respond to by preparing résumés that provide specific information about the applicant's qualifications. For example, a person applying for a sales position might mention experience in the restaurant business if the job was related to selling supplies to restaurants. Writing the résumé to target specific types of jobs might give an applicant an advantage over someone who provided a general résumé. A chronological résumé lists an applicant's education and experience in order according to date, beginning with the most recent. A functional résumé emphasizes major accomplishments according to importance rather than date. A generalized résumé contains broad, general information rather than specific information. Generalized, chronological, and functional résumés are frequently used résumé formats.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Grayson, B. (2009, June 11). How to create a personalized résumé. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Create-a-Personalized-Resume&id=2463545
99. A
Martha Winters, Certified Public Accountant. Many professions require businesspeople to complete continuing education courses to maintain their certifications and licensures. Because certified public accountants work with financial data, they need to keep up with changes in regulations, including taxes. Security advisors, accounts-receivable supervisors, and product-acquisition (purchasing) managers need to keep up with changes in their fields; however, these positions do not usually require extensive knowledge about changes in tax regulations.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: AGC of America. (2014). State-by-state listing of continuing education license requirements. Retrieved July 21, 2014, from http://www.agc.org/cs/continuing_education_license_requirements
100. C
Lack training in management techniques. Businesses often promote workers to supervisory jobs as a reward for good performance. These new supervisors often need training to help them assume supervisory responsibilities. First-level supervisors usually are familiar with the work because they have done it themselves. Long-range planning involves planning for the entire company and is a responsibility of top management, not the first-level supervisor. Wanting to move up to mid-level management is not a problem but a legitimate career goal.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test ST-BA-10A
Business Administration Core Exam
1. D
Partnership. Partnerships are owned by two or more people who share the risk of loss and the chance for profit by combining their capital, experience, and abilities. Sole proprietorships are businesses that are owned by one person. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares of the company. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. Since franchises can be sole proprietorships, partnerships, or corporations, more information would be needed in this question for franchise to be the correct response.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
2. B
Reading. The first step in applying written directions to achieve tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. Therefore, reading for understanding and meaning is an important step. Employees should listen if the directions are given verbally rather than in writing. If employees do not understand the written directions, they might speak to a manager and ask questions for clarification. However, they should first read the directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
3. D
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or list former local competitors.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 70-71]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
4. C
Social skill. Social skills are types of skills valued in a successful society. Following directions in social situations has many benefits to you and those you come in contact with. Skills necessary for you to get along in the world around you are not known as family skills, academic skills, or life skills.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
5. A
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues are unspoken messages shown through eye contact, facial expression, and body language. Acknowledgement responses are short verbal statements such as “uh-huh” and “I see.” Nonverbal cues are not distractions—quite the opposite, they usually reinforce the speaker's message. Nonverbal cues are not listening skills in and of themselves, but paying attention to them is.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
6. C
May not be remembered accurately. Listeners generally retain only about 25% of what they hear, and they frequently don't remember it accurately. It is, therefore, important to choose words used in oral communication carefully and to try to make sure that listeners receive the intended message. Oral communication is used for all kinds of messages, not just those that are urgent. Oral communication is considered less formal than written communication, but that is not the reason that it should be used with care.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 421-423]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. C
Information is complex. In some situations, it is difficult to give effective verbal directions. One situation is if the information is complex. Managers sometimes make the mistake of believing that all directions can be given verbally. However, if the information is complex and requires an extensive explanation, it may be better to provide verbal directions as well as written instructions or diagrams. If the complex information is difficult to understand, employees will be better able to follow the directions if they are presented in several ways. It is not difficult to give effective verbal directions if time is important, managers are organized, or employees are focused.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2009). How to give verbal instructions. Retrieved June 22, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2108584_give-verbal-instructions.html
8. D
Critical feedback. When employees present their ideas to management or coworkers, they should be prepared to defend those ideas and provide supporting information. They also should be willing to accept critical feedback because others might not agree with the ideas or have different opinions. Being prepared will help employees remain objective and be able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. Critical feedback is often useful because it allows employees to view their ideas from a different perspective. Defending ideas usually does not involve accepting additional responsibility or nonverbal support. It is not acceptable to attack employees on a personal level because of their ideas.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 204-205). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
9. A
Project the image of the business. The way in which employees handle telephone calls projects the image of the business and its level of service. Handling calls in a businesslike manner can increase business. Using professional telephone techniques includes making the caller feel important, and not trying to be important. Being businesslike may enable employees to handle a great many calls or to qualify for promotion, but these are not primary objectives.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4 ed) [pp. 209-210]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. B
Get together to do something. A group is a number of people who get together to perform a task, solve a problem, make a decision, or just talk about something. The group members may or may not feel the same way about an issue or enjoy each other's company. And, they may very well come up with similar answers.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
11. C
Understand the process you are explaining. In order to write accurate instructions, you must be knowledgeable about the sequence and content of steps required for completion of the task. Instructions should consist of simple, brief statements that are written from the employee's perspective. Although instructions should be as brief as possible, the type and complexity of the process or activity will dictate the length of the instructions.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 115-122]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. C
Consistency. Many businesses and industries develop documents using a specific style, which entails following certain writing standards. By using a specific style, all of a business's or an industry's documents are consistent throughout the company or field. Writing styles provide guidance to the writers in regard to the correct usage of mechanical elements (e.g., punctuation) but do not provide creativity or flexibility. Stylebooks cannot verify the accuracy of the document's contents.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Research Haven. (n.d.). Writing styles: Your answers to style guides. Retrieved June 22, 2008, from http://www.researchhaven.com/Style/index.htm
13. C
Enclosure notation. An enclosure notation often appears at the bottom of a business letter if additional items are included with the letter. The enclosure notation may indicate the number of additional items attached or list the type of item, such as sales brochure, check, contract, etc. The purpose of the enclosure notation is to help the writer and the recipient confirm that all enclosures are included when the letter is sent and received. The reference initials identify the person who typed the letter. The company signature is the typed name of the company. The writer's identification is the writer's name typed below the signature.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 310-311]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. D
Accurate content. Because informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver, it is important that content is accurate. In the workplace, employees and managers often make business decisions based on information they receive in informational messages, so it is very important for the writer to include accurate content in the message. Although a writer might communicate an emotional appeal, an honest opinion, or a request for action in his/her informational message, accurate content is the most important consideration.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 95]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. B
Letters of inquiry. The function of a letter of inquiry usually is to make a request. Businesspeople often write letters of inquiry to request an appointment with a current customer, a potential customer, or a business associate, particularly if those people are located out of town. For example, a businessperson might write several letters requesting appointments with various customers before arranging a sales trip. Persuasive messages are intended to encourage others to take action rather than to make a request. Sales letters are a type of persuasive message. Corporate memorandums are internal forms of communication.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 222, 225]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
16. C
The business believes the employee is stealing goods. Information of a private nature should be delivered in person, particularly if the information is of a negative and/or embarrassing nature. In this situation, the staff member should also have a chance to deny the accusation if untrue. Information about a manager's vacation, flextime, or enlarging the department could be openly communicated to the staff.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Hilgert, R.R., & Leonard, E.C. (2001). Supervision: Concepts and practices of management (8th ed.) [pp. 659-661]. Cincinnati: South-Western College Publishing.
17. C
Share information. Staff meetings are a method of communication in business. The purpose of participating in staff meetings usually is to share information. This includes management sharing important information with employees and employees providing information to management, such as updates on current projects. The goal is for everyone in the business to have the information they need to function effectively. The purpose of participating in staff meetings is usually not to achieve a task, conduct research, or develop a message.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
18. A
Being consistent. Being consistent involves offering the same, reliable goods and services on a regular basis. Businesses that are consistent do what they say they are going to do and do it right the first time. Being consistent is a good technique for building positive customer relations because customers know that they can count on getting what they need from the business. Customers appreciate consistency and usually will continue to buy from the business. Businesses should be open to change in order to meet the changing needs of their customers. Buying advertising and conducting research will not build positive customer relations unless the business also offers consistent service and reliable products.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2000). Customer service: Business 2000 (p. 136). Mason, OH: South-Western.
19. B
All staff. The customer-service mindset applies to all employees regardless of whether they ever come into direct contact with customers. It takes all staff focused on customer satisfaction to convince customers that a business is sincerely interested in them. For example, a salesperson's efforts to determine and satisfy customer needs must be supported by all other staff members and vice versa.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 10). Mason, OH: South-Western.
20. B
Product maintenance. Business employees should possess certain information in order to satisfactorily handle routine customer inquiries. Customers often ask questions about how certain products should be maintained, and they expect business employees to be able to provide the answers. If business employees do not have this type of information, they may lose sales because customers will feel frustrated by the lack of assistance. Employees are not expected to possess specific information about the business's financial condition, its expense projections, or the personal background of other employees and managers.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N, LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2008).Professional Selling: A trust-based approach (4th ed.) [p. 42]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
21. D
Dishonest. A dishonest customer intentionally attempts to avoid paying part or all of the price for a product. A suspicious customer doubts or questions everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced something is true. An indecisive customer frequently has great difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. A disagreeable customer is a client who is unpleasant and hard to help because s/he is argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or has a leave-me-alone attitude.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
22. A
Policies. Policies are general rules that provide guidelines for employees in handling specific situations. Policies are especially useful in handling complaints since they help to prevent misunderstandings, and they are used to apply fair and consistent treatment in different situations. A procedure is a step-by-step process that personnel follow in performing specific tasks. Regulations are specific rather than general rules. Techniques are skills or ways of doing things.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 251-252, 262]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
23. C
Jack politely asks if his customer would like a beverage while s/he waits for car service. The manner in which employees perform their tasks is an important factor that affects how customers view a business. When an employee is polite and asks a customer if s/he would like a beverage while waiting for service, the employee is reinforcing a positive view or image of the business. On the other hand, placing a customer on hold, especially if it happens often, might anger the customer and reinforce a negative image of the business. There is not enough information to determine if preparing a newsletter or telling a customer that an item is only available by special order is reinforcing or creating a certain image.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 6-7). Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. D
Television set. A shopping good is one for which the customer preplans the purchase and takes into consideration such factors as price, brand name, and warranties. A sale shirt, a pair of socks, and a candy bar are convenience goods that do not require preplanning.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 273, 275]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
25. B
Natural. Natural resources are found in nature and used to produce goods and services. Natural resources are limited. Capital goods include all materials used to assist in the production of goods and services. Physical resources are aspects of human resources.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 53). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
26. B
Elastic. Elastic demand is demand that changes according to changes in price. If consumers can buy a substitute product when the price of their favorite product goes up, then the demand for the original product is more likely to be affected. Inelastic demand is demand that is not affected by changes in price. Demand is less urgent for products that have substitutes. Unitary demand occurs when sales remain the same because changes in supply and demand are equal.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
27. C
Be socially responsible. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. This includes contributing to the well-being of the business's employees and to product users, the community, and the business itself. Businesses are not required by law to be socially responsible. Whether businesses' health insurance costs are reduced would depend upon whether employees participated in the fitness programs. Maximizing profits helps the business to grow and prosper and to be socially responsible to itself.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
28. D
By individuals. In most cases, individuals produce what they can, and barter to obtain what they cannot produce. Everything that is produced is consumed. In a traditional economic system, there is little or no government involvement in either the production or the distribution of products. In addition, there are no incomes, prices, or markets to consider.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 54-55). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
29. A
Net profit. Profit is the monetary reward the business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in a business. Net profit is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Gross profit is the money left after cost of merchandise is subtracted from total income. Overhead expenses are a form of operating expenses, such as rent and utilities.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
30. C
Natural. The ice storm is a natural risk because it is an act of nature. Other natural risks include floods, tornadoes, fires, lightning, blizzards, and earthquakes. Market risk is a type of economic risk caused by changes in the market, and human risk is caused by human weakness and unpredictability.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
31. A
Natural monopoly. In some cases, it may be in the best interests of the public for a single firm to be the producer of a product. Public utilities are an example. Conservation is the preservation and protection of resources. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Price discrimination is the practice of selling the same item to different buyers at different prices.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. C
Time. A worker's productivity can be measured by the time it takes to complete a particular task or job, the amount of work produced, or the monetary value of the work. For example, a salesperson who can make a sale in half the time of another salesperson is said to be twice as productive. Inputs are those resources used in producing goods or services. The method used may increase or decrease productivity, but it is not a standard of measurement. A ratio is a mathematical expression of the comparison between two factors.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18— Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. D
Leaders have to get along with a variety of people. Emotional intelligence and leadership overlap when it comes to proactive behavior, perseverance, positive working relationships, and confidence. To engage in positive working relationships, leaders have to get along with a wide variety of people, sometimes encouraging others, and sometimes inspiring them. With proactive behavior, leaders are expected to take action before problems develop. With perseverance, leaders learn to outlast disappointment and fatigue. Regarding confidence, leaders need to know that what they are doing and saying is right—not (merely) acceptable.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 — EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Point out their skills and abilities to them. Self-esteem is how you feel about yourself at any given time. The level can fluctuate from high to low. Making positive remarks about an individual's skills and abilities is a good way to support a high level of self-esteem or to raise a low level. All of the other alternatives would lower someone's self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. C
Personal skills inventory. A survey designed to help you assess your strengths and weaknesses is known as a personal skills inventory. The survey asks multiple-choice questions related to your behavior, interests, and feelings. The survey is then scored, and you are provided with the results. The survey results often reveal new information about you which could be useful in the assessment process. These surveys are not known as group talent tests, personal behavior surveys, or group learning exams.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
36. D
Physical. When Sam says that his supervisor is a woman, he is describing her physical traits. Physical traits include gender, height, weight, hair color, eye color, and build. Mental traits include such intellectual abilities as learning, remembering, comprehending, analyzing, evaluating, and creating. Emotional traits involve attitudes, feelings, values, and temperament. Negative describes a pessimistic attitude, rather than a trait.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
37. A
They are bored. Nothing is more boring than listening to someone who speaks in one tone of voice. Speakers need to vary their tone, pitch, and inflection to keep listeners' attention. Otherwise, listeners will be unenthusiastic about the topic, they will not give their undivided attention to the speaker, and will demonstrate their lack of interest through nonverbal signals.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. A
Eavesdropping. Listening to conversations in which you are not participating is called eavesdropping. People with honesty and integrity avoid eavesdropping whenever possible. Jim is listening rather than observing, or watching. There is nothing to suggest that he is investigating anything.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
39. C
Stimulus control. Stimulus control occurs when a person attempts to avoid situations that cause him/her stress. The reward technique involves positive reinforcement given for showing self-control. The punishment technique is used when negative reinforcement is given for losing self-control. Extinction is the act of withholding reinforcement in order to change a behavior.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
40. C
Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. Negative feedback is feedback involving criticism, a negative judgment about you or your behavior; it tends to make you want to change or modify your words or actions. Internal feedback is feedback that comes from within yourself. Self-control is the restraint of your feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
41. A
Personal. Personal changes concern our bodies, minds, lifestyles, etc. A new occupation is a personal change that affects one's lifestyle. Improving oneself in order to gain a promotion is a rational, or logical, change, not irrational. A social change is a shift in the values, tastes, or habits of society. Economic changes are fluctuations or "ups and downs" in the economy.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 212, 348]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. D
Respect for others. Genuine respect for others and their individual differences is central to the concept of empathy —the ability to put yourself in another person's place. You do not need a college degree to feel empathy. Friendship enhances empathy but is not necessary to it. The area or situation may not be work related, so a similar occupation is not necessary.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have A Heart (Empathy)
43. B
Translate into other languages. To be culturally sensitive, international businesses must be careful about how brand names translate into other languages. Mistakes in this area can lead to decreases in sales— or no sales at all. Domestic sales are not included in international business. Fonts are not necessarily important to cultural sensitivity. Every brand name should relate to the company well, whether in the domestic or international market.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
44. D
Prejudice. It is a strong, negative feeling seldom based on fact. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Interaction increases the probability that information is transmitted clearly. Eye contact, posture, and facial expressions are examples of nonverbal feedback which help the sender determine if a receiver is accepting or rejecting what is being communicated.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 176-177). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
45. A
Respect their own rights and the rights of others. Assertive people have a confident attitude based on feelings of self-respect. They respect themselves and others. On the other hand, aggressive people ignore the rights of others and take advantage of them. They feel free to make requests of others. People who are passive try to avoid conflict with others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
46. D
Willing to do whatever is needed. In order to be an effective team member, workers should be willing to do whatever is needed in order to meet the team's goals. This may include carrying out tasks or accepting assignments that are not to the individual's liking. It may also mean that the individual cannot be so committed to personal career goals that s/he cannot set them aside, at least temporarily. Workers do not need to have had previous experience as team members since the role of team player can be learned. Conflict is often part of teamwork and should be managed rather than avoided.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 226-229). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. B
Everyone experiences new circumstances at some time. All people experience new circumstances during their lives. Therefore, new circumstances are unavoidable. People cannot always control the new situations or circumstances that occur in their lives, but they can learn how to manage them. People experience both expected and unexpected circumstances. Although it is possible to plan for some new circumstances in advance, people also experience unexpected circumstances. Unexpected circumstances require people to react without preparation.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens
48. A
Developing an action plan for each goal. By planning ahead for how he will overcome potential obstacles, Trey is developing an action plan for his goal. This will make it easier to face roadblocks if and when they pop up. In this scenario, Trey is not putting his goals in writing, reviewing and revising his goals, or making sure they are compatible with each other.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
49. C
Mental ability. A person's mental ability refers to his/her learning and thinking ability. People are born with different levels of mental ability. This ability is difficult to change. Job position is the worker's assigned duties and level of responsibility, which the worker can change by changing jobs or seeking promotions. Language usage is the way the language is used in certain parts of the country. People are able to change the way they speak if they so desire. Education is the amount of learning a person has acquired. Learning is an ongoing process.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: HR LAP 24—Treating Others Fairly at Work
50. C
Respect. Respect is showing regard for other people and their ideas. In order to have successful human relations, you must have respect for others and for yourself. It is not necessary to admire everyone or to treat them with reverence, but you should not treat anyone with indifference.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
51. B
Credit users to buy at any time during a set period. This period is usually 30 days. At the end of that time, the person or business is expected to pay the entire amount that is due. Most credit accounts require a credit check of first-time or regular credit users. Having a credit account for a long time does not eliminate finance charges if the customer does not pay the account according to the account's requirements.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 158). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. A
Repayment schedule. Individuals and businesses usually borrow money from financial institutions for large purchases, such as business equipment. A borrower must apply for the loan with the lender and provide the lender with necessary financial status information. The lender reviews this information to determine if the potential borrower is a good risk and is likely to pay back the loan. If the lender determines that the borrower meets the necessary criteria, the application is accepted and the loan process begins. The lender develops a formal document (contract) that the borrower must sign. The document contains information regarding the loan repayment terms and schedules. The contract does not include a tax code list, a proposal (request) for disbursement, or a guarantee of eminent domain.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: DuBoff, L.D. (2004). The law (in plain English) for small business (pp. 46-47). Naperville, IL: Sphinx Publishing.
53. A
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Williams, F. (2003). Investing for life youth handbook. Madison Heights, MI: National Association of Investors Corporation.
54. C
Assign each goal to a general category. A good way to prioritize your financial goals is to assign each goal to a general category, such as "must do," "important but not critical," or "not so important." Ranking according to what needs to be done first and ranking every goal in numerical order are two common pitfalls. Another pitfall is ranking everything as very important or thinking that all the goals are equally important.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
55. C
Loan. A loan is a sum of money lent to a person or business for a specific time period that is repayable with interest. Credit is the arrangement by which a person purchases now and pays later. A lending institution issues credit cards, which allow people to purchase now and pay later. The lender provides credit-card users with a limit within which they can charge purchases. The lender pays for the purchases and then sends the credit-card user a bill/statement each month that indicates the monthly minimum payment and interest charges due to the lender. It is important for people to pay credit-card balances responsibly so they do not accumulate so much debt that they cannot afford to pay the lender. Using credit for purchases helps a person build a personal credit history, which lenders consider when a person applies for a large loan to purchase a car or a house. An asset is something of value that a person owns. Credit is not an asset or a tax. Because credit is so widely used, it is not necessarily a privilege.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 170-172). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. D
Verify that the credit agencies have correct information. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals or businesses can purchase now and pay later. A credit agency is a business that maintains files of credit information on individuals and businesses. It is important to make sure that credit agencies have accurate information about your credit history because other businesses purchase the reports to make decisions about extending credit to you or providing a loan to you. Although people can provide information to improve their credit ratings, it is the credit agencies that change or update the information. Good credit reports can increase the chances of obtaining a bank loan, but reviewing the reports cannot ensure that people obtain bank loans. People who monitor their credit reports can reduce the risk of identity theft, but cannot eliminate the risk.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (2006, January 24). Your credit report: What it says about you. Retrieved June 23, 2009, from http://www.frbsf.org/publications/consumer/creditreport.html
57. D
Cancel all of his credit and debit cards. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g. credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. The first thing Cameron should do when he realizes he has lost his wallet is to cancel his credit cards. By canceling the credit cards, Cameron will protect himself in the event that someone finds his wallet and attempts to use the credit cards. Financial institutions and businesses (e.g., retailers) issue credit cards, not government agencies. Cameron should contact the proper law enforcement authorities (e.g., police) if he thinks his wallet is stolen. He can report a lost wallet, and he can also change the passwords for his online banking accounts. However, the first thing he should do is to cancel his credit and debit cards.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Minimizing your risk. Retrieved June 23, 2009, from http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/deter.html
58. D
Taxable income is less than $50,000. Form 1040EZ is a short and simple tax form that many individuals use to file their personal income tax. However, they must meet certain requirements in order to use this form. One of the requirements is taxable income less than $50,000. If taxable income is more than that amount, they must use one of the other tax forms. To be eligible to use Form 1040EZ, individuals must be under the age of 65, have no dependents, and not itemize deductions.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 393). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. A
Financial planners. There are many types of financial planners who help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. These planners provide financial services such as recommending and selling life insurance, mutual funds, stocks and bonds, etc. Part of what they do is provide advice on how their clients can achieve their financial goals. Certified public accountants, trust departments, and local bank managers usually do not help individuals select the type of life insurance to buy and the most appropriate investments.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 259-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. A
Run a background check. When shopping for an investment broker, you should always run a background check. You're entrusting your money and your financial future to this person, so it's important to make sure s/he deserves that trust. It's not necessary to disclose to a potential broker how much money you have to invest. Certain brokers are more suited to certain investors—what works for your parents will not necessarily work for you. You may want to read the broker's advertisements, but advertisements don't tell the whole story. A background check will provide much more useful information.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: SEC. (2005, October 30). Protect your money: Check out brokers and investment advisers. Retrieved June 23, 2009, from http://www.sec.gov/investor/brokers.htm
61. B
Pay for the right to own something. With an ownership investment, investors pay for the right to own something. When they do this, they may buy a home to live in, collect popular items, or even invest in multiple corporations through stock mutual funds.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
62. A
The policyholder can borrow the policy's cash value. A whole-life insurance policy builds cash value as the policyholder pays premiums at regular intervals. If, at some point, the policyholder needs a loan, s/he can borrow the cash value of the policy. Universal life insurance combines death benefits with an investment and savings plan that earns interest at current market rates. Whole-life insurance rates are higher than term insurance rates because term insurance only pays death benefits if the policyholder dies during the set period of time covered by the policy.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: MSN.com. (2008, September 10). Term or whole life? Retrieved June 23, 2009, from http://www.smartmoney.com/personal-finance/insurance/term-or-whole-life-8011/
63. B
Accounting. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. Accounting, or recordkeeping, is an important financial activity because businesses need to know their financial status at all times. Without accurate accounting, businesses would not have current information about the amount of money coming in and going out of the operation. Budgeting is estimating what income and expenses will be for a specific period of time. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Reporting is the process of giving information.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money
64. B
Important decisions rely on accounting information. Accounting standards are necessary because decisions rely heavily on credible accounting information. The standards were not created for auditors, but for the sake of decision makers. The standards do not exist for the government's use, or because math scores are up or down.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Financial Accounting Standards Board. (n.d.). Facts about FASB. Retrieved August 7, 2009, from http://www.fasb.org/facts/facts_about_fasb.pdf
65. C
Capital budgeting. Determining which projects a business should invest in is known as capital budgeting. It is one of the capital investment decisions. Return on capital is a component of working capital management that refers to how well a business is generating cash flow in relation to its invested capital. The cash conversion cycle is a component of working capital management that refers to how long a business's money is "tied up" between purchasing raw materials and receiving cash from sales. Capital structuring refers to determining the optimal mix of financing—it is also one of the capital investment decisions.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. D
Performance evaluations. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. An important aspect of human resources management is coordinating performance evaluations with employees and their supervisors. A performance evaluation is a formal assessment by the supervisor of an employee's job performance that lets the employee know how s/he is doing on the job. The human resources department keeps the performance assessment form in the employee's personnel file. Sales promotions are coordinated by the business's promotion function. Information systems are usually computer-based and maintained by technical personnel. Purchase orders are placed and tracked by the purchasing department.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & McDaniel C. (2008). The future of business: The essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 297]. Mason, OH: Thomson Higher Education.
67. C
What consumers want. Businesspeople have found that it is just plain good business to base their decision making on customer needs and wants. They have learned that it is much better to determine what the customer wants and offer that item, than to develop or manufacture an item and then try to sell it. It is better for businesses to find out what the consumer is willing to buy instead of trying to market what is easiest to make. Successful businesspeople know that the quantity of items they can produce is greater than consumer demand. It is not always effective to market the lowest priced items.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way!
68. B
Information that is needed. Information is a collection of facts, statistics, or data. Before businesses can use the information, they must determine the type of information that is needed. For example, does a business need economic data because it wants to expand, or does it need marketing data because it wants to attract new customers? The business must decide the type of information it needs before it can obtain and use that data. Businesses do not need to determine the type of computer system to purchase, the type of report that is required, or the type of collection process to develop before using relevant data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Churchill, G. (2001). Basic marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 180-181, 770-771]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
69. B
Reviewing data on trends to develop new products. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the business applies the information to accomplish a task. Reviewing data on trends for the purpose of developing new products is an example of applying information. The data give the business an idea of what type of new product customers might want and need. Then, the business develops a product based on the information. Conducting research, developing questionnaires, and examining promotional activities are methods of obtaining information. However, they do not involve applying the information to accomplish a task.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Mescon, M.H., Bovee, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (1999). Business today (9th ed.) [pp. 476-477]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
70. C
Storing data. Information management involves gathering, sorting, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decisions. Businesses use different types of internal and external information to make decisions, such as sales history, customer profiles, and financial data. In order to obtain the information when the business wants it, the business needs a place to store the information. Today, most businesses store this information on computers. Although the business may store this advertisement, employee, and credit information on its computer, these are not primary functions of information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 497-498]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
71. B
Communication. Communication is the exchange of information. E-mail is the electronic transmission of messages across computer networks, and it is a communication channel. E-mail transmits business messages very quickly and can reach many people simultaneously, which often saves the business time and money (e.g., order processing). E-mail does not always increase the company's production efficiency because other factors affect production. Commercialization is the point at which a product's life cycle begins. Segmentation is the process of dividing the market into similar groups.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 162-163). Woodland Hills, CA: McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Attachment. An attachment is a computer file that is sent with an e-mail message. In business, it is common to send information, such as business reports, as e-mail attachments. A postscript is an "afterthought" that the sender includes after the message or letter closing. A memo is a short, informational document that an employee often sends within the company. A fax is a document that is transmitted through telephone wires.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: MediaCollege.com. (n.d.). How to send email attachments. Retrieved June 23, 2009, from http://www.mediacollege.com/internet/email/attachments.html
73. A
Manage their time. Many employees use electronic calendars to keep track of their activities and prepare schedules. The benefit of using these devices is that it allows employees to manage their time because they can keep a schedule of their activities. They know what they have to do at a certain time on a certain date, such as attend a meeting. They can also list deadlines for projects. This enables them to plan the use of free time in order to accomplish their assigned responsibilities. Employees do not use an electronic calendar to communicate with coworkers or delegate tasks. Employees use electronic calendars to keep track of deadlines; however, managers usually determine the deadline based on the priority of the project.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 359-361). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. A
Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator. An address on the World Wide Web is known as a Uniform ReSOURCE: Locator (URL). A URL includes the name of the server where the web-site's files are stored, the file's directory path, and its file name. An example of a URL is http://www.mark-ed.com. A File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a way of transferring data from one computer to another over the Internet. An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a commercial company selling Internet access. Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) is a standard format for image files on the World Wide Web.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Rayport, J. F., & Jaworski, B. J. (2004). Introduction to e-commerce (2nd ed.) [p. 41]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
75. A
Dictionary. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. An advantage of using these programs to write business letters, memos, reports, etc., is that the programs usually contain a dictionary that allows the user to check the spelling of words. The dictionary feature helps users to avoid making spelling mistakes in important business documents. Spreadsheet software programs have the capability of performing calculations. Graphics software programs allow users to create flowcharts.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 162-163]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
To maintain customer lists. Database software programs are designed to sort, arrange, and locate a wide variety of information. Many businesses use database software to maintain customer lists that can be arranged alphabetically, by zip code, by date of last purchase, or by many other criteria. This type of software allows businesses to generate mailing lists of specific customers based on a variety of factors. Businesses use spreadsheet software to track operating expenses, desktop publishing programs to prepare annual reports, and graphics programs to design company stationery.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 162-163]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. D
Performing financial calculations. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting, financial, and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. For example, spreadsheet programs can calculate sales forecasts and develop budget projections. Presentation software is used to create slide presentations. Desktop publishing software is used to prepare promotional brochures. Database software is used to manage database files.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199-200). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. D
Database sharing. Groupware applications refer to the modes that employees who work in different locations use to work together or collaborate so they can accomplish a common goal. One mode of collaboration is sharing a database that links or networks several people via computer. For example, when both a sales representative and a warehouse manager have the ability to turn on their computers and access the same inventory status information to see if a product is in stock for a customer, they are using a groupware application. E-mail filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information. Job rotation is an instructional method in which trainees are rotated periodically from one job to another in order to broaden the trainees' perspective of the business. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses spend time with current and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Net Access. (n.d.). Groupware (intranet). Retrieved August 7, 2009, from http://www.netxs.com.pk/intranet/groupware.html
79. B
Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions. Broken links and unclear instructions make it difficult, if not impossible, for readers to obtain information or purchase products from a web site. Therefore, it is important to make sure that all elements of the web page work properly. Generally, web pages are not patented. A patent doesn't necessarily protect web-page content from plagiarism. Although it is a good idea to consult an attorney regarding legal content posted on web pages, not all web pages include legal content. Therefore, it is not a procedure that should always be performed. Web-page content is not subject to international trade requirements.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Rayport, J. F., & Jaworski, B. J. (2004). Introduction to e-commerce (2nd ed.) [p. 160]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
80. B
Obtaining resources. Resources refer to any person or item that the business uses to accomplish an objective. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for the company to function. This includes obtaining and allocating the appropriate type and amount of resources to do the work, such as employees, equipment, and supplies. Contacting customers is a sales activity. Selecting media is a promotional activity. Analyzing investments is a financial activity.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (p. 558). Boston, Houghton Mifflin.
81. D
Reporting noncompliance. Certain government agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported for noncompliance so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations and keep the workplace safe. An employee notifying a government agency is not an example of spreading gossip, unethical behavior, or verbal communication. In fact, the employee is exhibiting ethical behavior. Also, the employee may have notified the agency in writing which is nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 407-408). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
82. A
Taking shortcuts. Employees who are learning a new skill should work slowly and cautiously, and avoid taking shortcuts. The quickest way is not necessarily the best way to complete tasks. Employees should practice the new skill using the appropriate steps and following the order in which they were instructed to use them. Employees who are learning a new skill should ask questions, follow rules, and act safely.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial andsystems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 320-323]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
83. C
Bomb threat. Emergency situations usually occur unexpectedly. Therefore, business employees should know how to handle and report them even if it is unlikely they will occur. An example of an emergency situation is a bomb threat. Although most businesses will never have a bomb threat, employees should know what to do to be prepared if it happens. Internal theft, check fraud, and stolen identity are not examples of emergency situations.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 281-286] Boston: McGrawHill/Irwin.
84. A
Burglary. Any illegal entry into a building to commit theft is called burglary. It can be committed by anyone—strangers, employees, customers, or vendors. Burglars use a variety of methods to gain entry to a business, such as picking locks, hiding in a building until the business has closed for the day, using a stolen or duplicate key, or using force to break open doors or windows. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Fraud is deceiving or cheating a business out of money or property. Shoplifting is the theft of goods by customers.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R. C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 16-17). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
85. D
Industrial purchasing. Industrial purchasing is the process of buying goods and services for internal consumption in the business or conversion into a final product. Purchasing for resale is the process of purchasing goods in large quantities and reselling them in smaller quantities. Wholesaling is purchasing goods from manufacturers and reselling them to other businesses. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
86. D
Repeat orders. Since successful selling is all about building customer relationships, it is important not to end contact with your customers once the product they ordered is delivered. What you do after the sale is as important as the steps leading up to it. The customer will appreciate the fact that you followed up afterwards, which will frequently lead to repeat orders. There is no evidence to suggest that following up with customers results in returned merchandise or frustration for either you or the customer. Additionally, there is no reason to think that following up with customers will cause your supervisor to intervene. Following up after orders are delivered is a practice that supervisors wholeheartedly encourage!
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 612-614). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
87. C
By identifying consumers' needs and wants. A wide variety of marketing-research data is available from libraries, government agencies, and trade publications. Or, the business can conduct its own research. The data can help the business to produce products that consumers need or want and are willing to buy. Determining how products will be produced is a planning step that involves deciding what equipment will be needed, the number of workers, and the time required. Identifying the resources needed in production is part of the purchasing function. Setting the timetable to be used in production is part of scheduling.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 237, 289-290). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
88. A
Their materials in order. Organized workers are more efficient than disorganized workers because they have their materials in order, they know where to find things, and they plan the use of their time. This prevents delays, reduces frustrations, and decreases the number of mistakes they make. Being organized does not guarantee that they will have better skills, more experience, or well-planned careers.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. D
Set and attain a social goal. Sylvia is actively setting and working toward achieving a social goal. She would like to make friends in an environment where she can really get to know someone outside of the classroom. Setting the goal of attending one function weekly gives Sylvia the opportunity to measure her attainment of the goal that she has set. Sylvia is trying to attain a short-term goal rather than a long-term goal. Sylvia has turned her wants into a goal. The goal Sylvia set is not about education.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
90. A
Decisions support objectives. First, you set your objectives. Then, you decide which activities to do to reach your objectives. In this way, your decisions support your objectives—not the other way around. If your decisions undermine your objectives, you really had different objectives than you thought. Your objectives do not undermine your decisions.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options
91. D
Appreciative inquiry. According to the appreciative inquiry problem-solving approach, if you think something is a problem, it is one. In other words, problems are often the result of the way you look at an issue. The best thing to do is to frame the problem in a more positive way and stop thinking of it as a problem. In this case, you stopped thinking of your loneliness as a problem and started thinking of it as a motivation to get out and make some new friends. Mind mapping is a problem-solving method that involves drawing out your problem on a large sheet of paper. Brainstorming is a problem-solving method in which a group throws out possible solutions to the problem. The intuitive problem-solving approach requires you to wait for the solution to flash into your mind. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem
92. B
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sickleave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 111-112]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. D
Aptitude test. An aptitude test measures what a person is capable of doing and what s/he might be capable of doing with additional training or education. Interest surveys measure interest in various occupations. Intelligence tests measure current knowledge. Personality tests measure personality traits.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp.174-175]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
94. A
Nonprofit institutions. Nonprofit institutions are businesses and organizations whose intent is to make enough money to support their mission. They are in business to help others rather than to reward stockholders, investors, or owners. They usually provide stable employment opportunities because they are well established and do not have to make a profit to continue to exist. Partnerships, corporations, and sole proprietorships are in business to earn a profit and pay stockholders, investors, and owners.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 27]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
95. D
Salary requirements. Some employment applications ask you to indicate your salary expectations or requirements. This type of information is better to discuss in person because the wage you are willing to accept may depend on other factors such as paid benefits, vacation time, tuition reimbursement, etc. It is acceptable to write "open" or "negotiable" in this section which will give you the opportunity to find out more about the position in an interview before making salary decisions. Information that you should routinely provide in an employment application includes your job expectations, personal references, and any special qualifications you may have.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
96. C
Ask for the job. At the conclusion of an employment interview, applicants who are interested in the position should tell the interviewer that they want the job. It is acceptable for applicants to ask for the job by saying that they are qualified to do the work and would like to be considered for the position. Simply asking for the job is the easiest way of letting an interviewer know that you are interested. Employment decisions usually are not made during the interview; therefore, an applicant would not sign a contract or accept the job. Many businesses require applicants to take drug tests after they have been offered jobs.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 69]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
97. C
Ask for an interview. One of the purposes of the closing paragraph in a letter of application is to ask for an interview. Applicants often restate their interest in the job and ask for an opportunity to discuss their qualifications at the interviewer's convenience. They may include their phone numbers and when they can be reached. References are not included in a letter of application, although they may be listed on a résumé. Applicants review their education and explain their qualifications in earlier paragraphs, rather than in the closing paragraph.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. C
Full-time positions. An internship is a non-paid position with a company, organization, or government agency. Internship programs offer practical experience in specific occupations and also teach important job skills. Young people who perform well during an internship may be offered full-time, paid positions. They often have an advantage over other applicants because they have experience, are already working, and are known by management. Internship programs provide a type of on-the-job training. Young people may decide to continue their education after participating in internship programs. Some internship programs are a form of community service.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 55). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. C
Promotions. One way to advance in a career is to be promoted. Businesses often promote from within and consider certain traits and qualities when reviewing employees for promotion. Employees who are willing to accept more responsibility and continue to learn about all aspects of the business are likely to be promoted. These employees are behaving in a way that indicates they are capable of doing more and are ready to accept new challenges. These employees often obtain additional training on their own, or regularly participate in training offered by the business. Transfers involve moving to other jobs or to other locations. Not all transfers are promotions. Some transfers are on the same level while others may be demotions. Employees who are willing to accept more responsibility and continue to learn about the business usually do not need counseling.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 486-488). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. B
It involves planning for the next three-t o-five years. Strategic planning is long-range planning for the company as a whole and is a responsibility of top-level management. Short-term planning is done by lower level managers. Strategic planning is not a supervisory technique nor is it limited to departments that are not performing well.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 6—Manage This!
Test ST-BA-10B
Business Administration Core Exam
1. A
Business-format franchise. A business-format franchise operates under a trade name and offers the opportunity for many people to become their own bosses while helping companies expand more efficiently. Product trade-name franchises offer an agreement to stock and sell a specific or exclusive line of goods. General partnership agreements are designed to combine capital, experience, and the abilities of two or more people. Limited partnerships are designed for two or more people who want limited liabilities.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
2. D
Employee handbook. Businesses often develop employee handbooks that provide information about their general policies and procedures. For example, a business might outline overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Employee handbooks are usually give to new employees when they first start their jobs. Productivity manuals, customer newsletters, and personnel records are not sources that workers use to obtain information about a company's general policies and procedures for employees.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human reSOURCE: management (10th ed.) [pp. 529-530]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
3. A
Effective listening. Effective listening requires the listener to interpret and process information in order to capture the true meaning of what is being said. Reading and writing are forms of written communication. A person who listened in a distracted manner would be thinking about other things rather than focusing on the speaker's message. Nonverbal communication includes all forms of communication that do not involve the use of words, e.g., facial expressions, body posture, and eye contact.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 179-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. A
Speaker and the listener. Successful communication depends on active participation of the speaker and the listener, each playing a vital role in the process. Communication can take place even if the speaker is not entertaining (and sometimes it is inappropriate for the speaker to be entertaining), and even if the listener has trouble paying attention. There is no audience, per se, in the communication process.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
5. D
Tone. Tone is the sound of a speak er's voice, which should carry the meaning of the subject. It is used to communicate emotions, feelings, and attitudes. Enunciation is speaking distinctly. Tempo is the rhythm of speech. Empathy is the ability to listen to what is being discussed from the speaker's point of view.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 76-77]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. A
To clarify meanings. Relevant questions are those questions that pertain to the issue at hand. They are asked to obtain information. Employees should ask relevant questions in order to clarify the meaning of statements or instructions. By asking relevant questions, employees can obtain additional explanations to help them understand what they are expected to do. Employees do not ask questions to send messages, offer suggestions, or make statements.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 80]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. A
Offer to schedule a second call. In some situations, you will call an important customer at a time when the customer is busy or in a hurry and is unable to speak to you. Then, it is appropriate to offer to schedule a second call at a time that will be convenient for the customer. You should not try to continue the conversation or explain that the call will be short if the customer indicates that this is a bad time. It is your responsibility to return the call rather than ask the customer to call you.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 45]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. C
To declare your opinion. It's important to participate in a group discussion for several reasons: to think critically, to organize your thoughts, to develop your understanding of a topic, to know when to change your mind, and to gain confidence in speaking to other people. Declaring your opinion, which may or may not take place during a discussion, is not a reason to participate.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. A
To communicate information. The purpose of developing and using graphics in business reports is to communicate information. In most cases, graphics are used to explain complex information or to highlight information that is of the most importance. The use of graphics often adds interest and makes the information easier to understand. Graphics are not used to entertain the audience, fill up the page layout, or highlight reference material.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 384-385]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
10. D
Accomplishes its intended purpose. Written communications serve many purposes, and a test of whether a written communication was effective is whether it accomplished the purpose for which it was intended. Written communications do not need to contain a lot of information in order to be considered effective. Effective written communication takes time and effort and is not usually quick and easy to prepare. It should also be clear and should not require the reader to interpret its meaning or be open to any interpretation that the reader wants to give it.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. D
Regards. A closing is the point in which the writer ends a letter with a word of farewell just before signing his/her name. When writing business letters, closings are usually neutral, professional, and friendly. Closings such as "regards" and "sincerely" are common ways to end business letters. THX is an initialism that represents the word thanks. Initialisms are not appropriate to use to close formal business letters. A writer might use "greetings" to open an informal letter and use "affectionately" to close a letter to a friend, family member or significant other.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 93]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. B
Inside address and signature. The elements of a business letter include the inside address and signature as well as the return address, dateline, salutation, body, closing, and reference initials. Company logo and letterhead, return envelope and postage, and brief summary and outline are not elements of a business letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 566-567]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. A
Make a decision. Informational messages are intended to inform and provide data to the recipients. In many cases, the purpose of an informational message is to help the recipient make a decision. In order for this to happen, the business employee should explain the situation and include sufficient data. If recipients clearly understand the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the situation, they usually have sufficient information to make a decision. Clear and concise writing enables a recipient to read the message rather than explaining the situation or including sufficient data. The letterhead usually includes the business's name, address, and phone number so recipients are able to contact the business. Explaining the situation and including sufficient data does not guarantee that the recipient will agree with the content.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 430]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. A
Short. A characteristic of letters of inquiry is that they are usually short. Businesses often write letters of inquiry to other businesses to request information and literature or to order goods or services. These types of letters are routine and should contain only the information the receiver needs in order to respond. Letters of inquiry requesting information usually are not complex. Social business letters do not request information but often are used to express thanks or congratulations. Letters of inquiry that businesses write to request information from other businesses usually are informal rather than formal.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 604-605]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. C
Upward. The term "upward" is used because the message moves up the chain of command from employees to a manager. Horizontal communication is information exchanged between persons on the same job level, e.g., manager to manager, or salesperson to salesperson. Downward communication involves communications from management to subordinates. Vertical communication can be either upward or downward.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. D
Informal. A casual exchange of information is informal communication. Coworkers who talk about work when they aren't on the clock, such as at lunchtime, are engaging in informal communication. Sometimes, informal communication can help employees solve problems or get ideas for streamlining a project. Ceremonial and official indicate a formal exchange of information. In business, external communication occurs with people outside the company, such as vendors and customers.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
17. D
Gathers necessary information. Before the meeting takes place, Sam should gather information and prepare notes for the meeting, so that he can provide necessary input or feedback that his supervisor has requested. If Sam attends the meeting and does not have the correct information, he may lose credibility with his supervisor and coworkers in terms of his job performance. Having handouts for meeting participants and obtaining feedback from others may not be necessary for Sam to provide. Minutes are a formal method of note taking that document the discussion, vote taking, and problem resolution that occur during the meeting. A specific person usually writes the minutes during the meeting.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
18. D
A hotel chain offering its frequent guests the option of checking in as early as 9:00 a.m. and checking out as late as 5:00 p.m. This situation best fits a customer-service mindset since it supports the belief that good service should be a top priority. A corporation open during normal business hours is something generally expected of businesses. A business providing a seminar or overtime to its employees does not directly benefit customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 10-11, 293-294]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
19. C
Body language. Body language is gestures, facial expression, tone of voice, or any other form of communicating without words. An employee's body language conveys a message to customers. For example, if an employee is talking to one customer and ignores a new customer, the employee's body language is telling the new customer that s/he is not important. On the other hand, an employee who smiles or motions that s/he will be with the customer shortly is communicating an interest in providing good service. Employees usually do not communicate their social status to customers. The verbal and nonverbal communications employees use during the closing statements indicate their interest in being of service, not the closing statements themselves. Informal product demonstrations do not communicate interest in providing good service to customers.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
20. B
Knowledge of the products being promoted. Information regarding planned promotions of products prepares salespeople to handle customer inquiries. The store's promotional budget and policies would not provide information pertinent to this customer's inquiry. Personal customer information also would not help to answer the customer's question.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 367). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. C
Product. Product policies are the most important business policies affecting customers. They are set by management to decide what kind of products to offer because product policies help customers decide where to buy. Management makes product policies to meet the needs and wants of consumers. Service policies are established to provide special features that other, similar businesses may not offer in order to persuade customers to choose their business over another. Credit policies are developed to help employees and customers understand how credit transactions will be handled. Promotional policies are established to attract customers and to increase sales.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L. W., & Byars, L. L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
22. A
Dishonest. Randy's customer is dishonest. She's trying to get money back for a product she's already consumed. A domineering/superior customer talks down to you and gives you orders on how to do your job. An impatient customer shows verbally or nonverbally that s/he does not want to wait in line. A leaveme-alone customer does not want your advice or assistance even though you might be able to help.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
23. C
Complaints can often be opportunities. Salespeople should view customers' complaints as opportunities to impress customers positively. Customers whose complaints are handled satisfactorily often become repeat customers. This benefits the business and the salesperson. Most businesses expect salespeople to handle routine complaints as part of their selling responsibilities. Management often provides assistance if the problem is difficult to resolve. There is no way to prevent all customer complaints. Complaints can cause problems for both the salesperson and the business if they result in lost sales, income, and profits.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 52). Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. A
Consumer. Ultimate consumers are those who personally use goods or services to satisfy their wants or needs. The people who make or provide goods and services are called producers. A distributor is a type of middleman who obtains products from the producer and helps to move them to the ultimate consumer.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 54). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
25. A
Trees are being made usable. Form utility occurs when the shape or form of a product is altered to make it more usable to consumers. A carpenter cannot use raw lumber until it is cut into standard sizes. The cost of lumber affects possession utility. The availability of lumber affects time utility. The location of lumber affects place utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
26. D
A product's current selling price. Market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular moment. It fluctuates according to supply and demand. Equilibrium, or market-clearing, price is the price at which customers are willing to buy the same number of units that producers are willing to supply. Relative price is one price compared to another, or the ratio between them. Averaging competitors' prices is not a method of determining prices for products.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 412). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
27. D
Financial analysis. This is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. It involves obtaining funds to operate a business and using those funds to achieve the goals of the business. Accounting is one part of financial analysis and is the process used in keeping and interpreting financial records. Strategic management is the process of planning, controlling, and organizing an organization or department. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business
28. D
Undeveloped. Traditional economic systems are found only in undeveloped countries where there is little or no government involvement in either the production or the allocation of goods and services. In a traditional system, people produce what they can, and everything is consumed. Industrial and established countries have more complicated economic systems that may involve government regulations, competition, or free enterprise. Independent countries include all countries that are self-governed.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 54-55). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
29. D
Net profit. Net profit is the amount of money left over after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Sales income is the total received from the sale of goods or services. Gross profit is the money left over after cost of merchandise is subtracted from sales income. Operating expenses are the daily costs of running a business.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
30. A
Direct. Direct competition is the rivalry between or among businesses which offer similar types of goods or services. Price competition is a type of rivalry between or among businesses that focuses on the use of price to attract scarce customer dollars. Indirect competition is a rivalry between or among businesses which offer dissimilar goods or services. Strict competition is a distractor.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
31. C
Against unfair methods of competition. The Federal Trade Commission promotes free competition among businesses, prohibits companies from joining together to fix prices, and regulates false or deceptive advertising. Labor unions and labor practices are under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Labor. There are no government agencies set up to protect businesses from bankruptcy.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
32. D
29.2. Productivity is determined by dividing the outputs of the employee by the inputs. To determine Mary's productivity per hour, divide the total number of bags of groceries by the number of hours she worked (876 ÷ 30 = 29.2).
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
33. A
Self-management. When you are angry about something and control your temper, you are demonstrating self-control, a skill related to self-management. Self-awareness, social awareness, and relationship management are components of emotional intelligence, but they do not include self-control as a skill.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 — EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Concept testing. Concept testing is exploring the concept or idea for a product in order to obtain feedback. Your image of yourself is your self-concept; and your skills and abilities, life roles, and personal traits are components of your self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. B
What can I improve? When assessing your strengths and weaknesses, you might ask yourself, “What can I improve?” Asking the other three questions does not identify strengths and weaknesses. They just analyze strengths and weaknesses or try to discover ways to fix weaknesses.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
36. C
Self-confident. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Individuals who believe in themselves and think they are of value are considered to be self-confident. These people usually are able to interact successfully with others because they feel good about themselves and have a positive attitude. Self-serving is giving priority to one's own interests. Individuals who believe in themselves and think they are of value are not considered to be aggressive or judgmental.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 219). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. D
Responsibility. An individual who is responsible is dependable, and a dependable employee will discharge all duties in a reliable fashion. Imagination is the trait that enables people to visualize how things could or might be. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Romanticism is an outlook that is fanciful and not based on fact.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
38. B
Ethics. Ethics are the basic principles, or morals, that govern your behavior. People with integrity follow their ethical or moral principles in order to try to do what is right. Laws are regulations that people may, or may not, obey. Conduct is the way a person acts, which could be in an unethical manner. Values are the principles by which a person lives, but they are not necessarily moral or ethical.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
39. D
Better relationships. Positive people usually have better personal relationships than others because they are cheerful, kind, considerate, and interested in others. This means they have many friends, which makes their lives richer. Being positive does not necessarily increase the number of conflicts they encounter or reduce the amount of competition.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
40. D
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. Patience will help you to wait calmly for your customer to decide. Aggressiveness is an attitude based on feelings of anger and disrespect for others. Body language is nonverbal communication, and constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Self-Control)
41. D
Positive, external. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior. It can come from within (internal), or from others (external). Positive feedback involves praise and tends to reinforce the behavior that led to the praise. Negative feedback involves criticism and makes you want to change or modify your words and actions.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
42. D
Personal. Personal changes are those that concern our bodies, minds, lifestyles, etc. These changes are frequent and obvious in our personal lives. Where we live, what we do, who our friends are, etc., are always subject to change and may be influenced by economic, governmental, or technological changes. Economic changes are fluctuations in the economy. Governmental changes are new or revised laws, regulations, policies, public leadership, etc. Technological changes are developments, breakthroughs, and other changes in the fields of science, engineering, etc.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Jackson, S., & Schuler, R. (2003). Managing human resources through strategicpartnerships (8th ed.) [pp. 175-177, 194-197, 465, 239]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
43. B
Enables you to see another's point of view. Keeping an open mind is essential to empathy because it enables you to see another's point of view. Being open to others' ideas and opinions helps you to understand them and to feel empathy toward them. Keeping an open mind does not necessarily make learning easy. Keeping an open mind may help you to be decisive or have a lot of interests, but those traits are not related to empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
44. C
The demographic makeup of today's workforce. The demographic makeup of today's workforce proves that diversity cannot be avoided. More women and minorities are in the workforce now, and the average worker is older as well. Stereotypes and prejudices are a main cause of cultural insensitivity. Language barriers and the value placed on individualism are common cultural issues.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
45. D
Conciseness. Conciseness in communicating involves the use of precise language and the elimination of extra words and phrases. Completeness means that all information that should be communicated has been included. Concreteness refers to information that is pertinent and reliable. Conduciveness is created by information that leads in some particular direction.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 6]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
46. D
Walk away from the situation. Do not allow someone to get verbally or physically abusive. Sometimes walking away and cooling off is the best solution. If someone starts yelling and using inappropriate language, do not stoop to his/her level. It usually makes a bad situation worse and can result in physical violence. Admitting mistakes, listening for feedback, and seeking immediate resolution are not appropriate options when the other person initiates a physical confrontation.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
47. C
Aspirations. Aspirations are not a part of the cost involved with making a vision into a reality. However, money, time, and effort are all a part of that cost.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This
48. A
Setting goals. Lauren is setting goals to give herself criteria for evaluating success. In this scenario, Lauren is not being patient or persistent, demonstrating leadership, or asking for feedback.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
49. C
Show why the change is necessary. Showing why the change is necessary is the first step in the process of leading change. After you've proven the need for the change, you can ask others to join you in leading it, communicate the change to everyone involved, and put the change into action.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
50. D
Make a small amount of noise as you come near. Always let persons with vision impairment know that you are approaching so that you don't startle them. Coughing, clearing your throat, or making noise with your feet are all acceptable ways to announce your presence. Speaking loudly or touching people to get their attention could startle them if they aren't aware anyone is in the vicinity.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: HR LAP 24—Treating Others Fairly at Work
51. B
Airline ticket. Many lending institutions and retailers offer credit cards, which allow individuals or businesses to purchase now and pay later. Because credit-card holders often pay high interest rates and other fees, they must be careful when using their credit cards so they don't charge more than they can pay off in a reasonable timeframe. Using credit cards to make large-dollar purchases often makes it easier to change or cancel transactions such as airfare. In fact, many businesses prefer credit cards as a payment method. Using a credit card to purchase a pack of gum, a magazine, or a small pizza is not a good idea, especially if the transaction fee is higher than the price of the good or service.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 154-155). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Value. Money is the most common medium of exchange in society. People exchange money for goods and services that they want. The price, or the amount of money a person is willing to pay for the product, communicates the product's value or worth. Income is money reSOURCE: owners receive for supplying goods and services. Market is a customer or potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. Attributes are a product's characteristics.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 34). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
53. B
The time value of money. The term "time value of money" refers to the increase of an amount of money as a result of interest or dividends earned. A basic illustration of the time value of money is money and the interest it earns in a savings account. Principal is the deposited amount, which is not modified. Opportunity cost is what you have to give up when you make a choice. In this case, the opportunity cost of depositing $100 is spending it on something else. Inflation has a negative impact on the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J., Dlabay, L., Hughes, R., & Hoyt, W. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 21). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Installment. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. An installment credit account is set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Also, it usually requires a down payment. Revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that may be owed and charge interest on outstanding balances. Regular credit accounts allow credit users to buy at any time during a set period. Budget accounts are a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 585-586). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. B
Type of life insurance. There are several types of life insurance, but one type accumulates cash value. Some people purchase this type of life insurance as an investment because it is a method of saving and generating additional cash. People can borrow against the cash value or cancel the policy and receive the cash value. Some people buy this insurance as part of planning for future financial needs. Checking accounts are not considered investments. The house, rather than the mortgage, is an investment that often increases in value. A mortgage is a loan. A personal installment loan is a debt.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 466-468). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month. When you pay the balance on a credit card each month, you are getting what amounts to a free loan. A credit card is not a good way to pay for impulsive purchases—impulsive purchases are usually a bad idea no matter how you pay for them. Credit cards are not an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period. Nowadays, easy access to credit cards is a growing problem.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
57. D
Obtain a bank loan. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses can purchase now and pay later. A credit agency is a business that maintains files of credit information on individuals and businesses. It is important to make sure that credit agencies have accurate information about your credit history because other businesses purchase the reports to make decisions about extending credit or providing a loan to you. Your credit history does not necessarily affect your ability to pay your bills, your ability to declare bankruptcy, or your ability to sell assets.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (2006, January 24). Your credit report: What it says about you. Retrieved June 25, 2009, from http://www.frbsf.org/publications/consumer/creditreport.html
58. C
Identity theft. Identity theft occurs when someone illegally obtains another person's information and uses that information to assume the other person's identity. One way to protect against identity theft is to immediately contact the credit-card company if credit cards are lost. If the cards fall into the hands of an unauthorized person, that person can attempt to use the cards as if s/he was the owner of the card. This is a type of identity theft. If someone uses another person's credit card illegally, the penalty is not excessive and, in many situations, there is no penalty if the company is notified before any illegal use occurs. Therefore, there is virtually no financial risk. Immediately contacting the credit-card company does not protect against high interest rates.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 181-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. C
Commercial bank. A commercial bank provides a variety of financial services to individuals and businesses. Besides providing savings accounts and other savings options, banks also make loans and offer credit cards. Many large banks have trust departments and help individuals plan for retirement. Depending on the size of the bank, it may be possible to obtain all necessary financial services from that institution. The stock market itself does not provide financial services. A taxation department collects various types of taxes. A retirement community provides housing rather than financial services.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 124-129). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Hometown. Although it might be interesting, knowing a potential investment advisor's hometown is not important to discuss when deciding whether to hire him or her. Information about licensing, education, and experience is vital to making your decision.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
Your income. Your income does not determine how much investment risk you can handle. Instead, your goals, your timeframe, and your personality are the determining factors. Those who have a low income may take on as much risk as they choose.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
62. A
Disability. Disability insurance is sometimes called loss-of-income insurance because it pays a percentage of a worker's normal wages to the worker when s/he cannot work because of an illness or injury. It is often purchased through or by an employer. Cash-value is a type of life insurance that pays out the stated value of the policy at the time of death. Liability insurance protects property owners if someone else is injured on or by their property. Bodily injury is a type of liability insurance that protects vehicle owners when they cause injury to others.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 381]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
63. A
Income statement. An income statement is a summary of a business's income and expenses over a period of time. It is also referred to as a profit-and-loss statement. Assets are things of value owned by a business. A balance sheet shows what a business is worth at any point in time. A budget is an estimate of revenue and expenditures.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money
64. A
Consistent. Generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are universal rules that accountants use when they prepare and summarize financial reports. By using the same standards and rules, accountants prepare the reports in a consistent way, so the information is clear to all people who read and work with financial information. Accountants do not follow GAAP to communicate information in an uncooperative, biased, or adaptable way.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-year course) [pp. 32-34]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
65. C
Budgeting. The finance function is usually responsible for budgeting. This affects all other business activities. It also affects individual employees because the budgeting process provides for salaries, benefits, etc. The finance function is not responsible for manufacturing, operations, or research.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
66. A
False; in companies without HR departments, other managers and supervisors participate in HR management activities. Human resources management is a function of business, as well as a department. In other words, bigger companies may have a great number of employees dedicated solely to managing human resources, but in small businesses without an official “HR department,” this important function still remains. And, even in big companies, human resources management is not contained solely within the HR department—supervisors and managers across the organization also take some part in managing human resources, although their level of involvement varies from business to business. Smaller companies need HR management as much as bigger ones, and HR managers aren't the only ones who can complete these activities. Not all employees will participate in HR activities, however.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. D
Contact with customers. The selling function is very important because it involves contact with customers. If customers are not satisfied with the sales experience, they often will not buy even if they need the product and the price is right. The selling function does not necessarily involve displaying products, setting high prices, or feedback from vendors.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
68. D
Information management. This is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision making. Businesses need a lot of information to operate successfully and make decisions that will help the business grow and prosper. Managing the information allows businesses to obtain the data they need to remain competitive and survive. Communications network, organizational development, and applied research do not involve obtaining and evaluating data for the purpose of helping businesses make longterm decisions.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 195-196, 207]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
69. D
Providing laptop computers. Laptop computers allow salespeople to have instant access to company databases. This enables them to update information quickly and place orders on the spot. The laptop computer contains the software that generates a purchase order and forwards the order information to manufacturing, purchasing, and accounting. The salesperson does not need to return to the office to prepare paperwork but can go on to another appointment. Debit transactions, video catalogs, and ATM machines are not types of technology that improve the efficiency of salespeople.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 196-197]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
70. A
Windows. Microsoft Windows is one of the most popular operating systems. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. Excel, Oracle, and Adobe are software programs rather than operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Wikipedia (n.d.). Operating system. Retrieved June 25, 2009, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system
71. C
Your Confirmation Number. The subject line of an e-mail message should advise the recipient about the nature of the message content. E-mail users often receive several messages a day. If the message subject line does not catch the reader's attention or does not relate to specific needs, the recipient might not read the message. E-mail subject lines should be short, informative, specific and, if appropriate, catchy. The option, "www.infotrack.com" is an Internet address. "Dear Tracy" is a salutation and is used to greet or address the recipient of the letter. "Letter123.doc" is a computer file from a word-processing program.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 189-190). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Coca-Cola AND current market share AND cola AND United States. Search engines need to be given directions using exact wording. Using "AND" links all of the required information together and gives a more productive search. The more exact the wording, the more narrow the responses returned, and the less time wasted on unrelated responses. Using "OR" as the logical operator will tell the search engine to return information on individual topics instead of responses that include all four topics. The "AND/OR" could return responses on either Coca-Cola or market share. It could also give you Coca-Cola market share, but it might not; or it might be for a country other than the United States. The "Coca-Cola OR current market share OR cola AND United States" could return responses for other companies, other industries, or information on cola in the United States, but not the specific information needed.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (2009). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved June 25, 2009, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=136861
73. D
Word processing. Most word-processing software programs contain a thesaurus, which is a listing of words and their synonyms. This feature enables users to look up alternative words that have the same meaning. The thesaurus helps business employees to prepare accurate written documents and use words that exactly describe or explain the message. Communications programs allow computers to communicate with other computers. Graphics and design software is used to create artwork and drawings rather than text. Presentation software is used to create multimedia presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. D
Test themselves. Presentation software enables businesses to develop materials that contain interactive buttons. This allows employees to test themselves on their knowledge and understanding of the material. Businesses often develop this type of computerized training materials because it allows employees to learn at their own pace, test themselves, and review the material if necessary. Employees can read a question or view an action on a computer screen and respond by clicking on an interactive button. The computer quickly processes the information and advises the employees if their answers are correct. Businesses do not develop computerized training materials that contain interactive buttons in order to allow employees to study together, access databases, or conduct research.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Desimone, R., Werner, J., & Harris, D. (2002). Human reSOURCE: development (3rd ed.) [pp. 210-215]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
75. A
Sort by zip code. Database software programs allow businesses to arrange customer information according to various criteria. Once the names, addresses, and other information are entered in the computer, the business can sort the data alphabetically, or by zip code, or by any other criteria. For example, a business might sort the list by birthday in order to send each customer a personalized card. A business might use a spreadsheet program to calculate monthly profit, a word-processing program to prepare sales letters, and a communications program to write e-mail messages.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses are able to enter mathematical information into rows and columns, and the software provides accurate calculations in a matter of seconds. Database software programs maintain information according to specific criteria. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. Graphics software programs are used to combine text and pictures to create visual impact.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Meta tags. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. HTML, or Hypertext Markup Language, is the program used for creating pages on the World Wide Web. It uses tags placed in strategic places to help the browser identify and locate various elements of the web page. ASCII, or American Standard Code for Information Interchange, is plain text from which the HTML document is usually created. The browser moves from one place to another within the page or to another site by means of a hyperlink.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 14, 338). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. C
External sources. External sources, or sources outside the business, can provide the business with information about general economic and social trends. These sources might include governmental agencies, trade associations, or research organizations. Businesses do not have the time or capabilities of obtaining information about general economic and social trends. Therefore, they rely on external sources for this information. Main competitors usually are not willing to share information. The accounting department and the personnel office are internal sources of information and would not have information on general economic and social trends.
SOURCE: NF:082
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 240-242). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
79. C
Operations. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. These activities include buying the necessary materials and supplies, hiring employees to do the work, maintaining the facilities, etc. Without these activities, there would be no business. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Finances involve the funds needed to achieve the goals of the business. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 358-359]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
80. C
Improve housekeeping. Simple housekeeping procedures, such as cleaning up work areas and putting away tools, are easy ways to keep a work area safe and reduce hazardous conditions. A yearly inspection would not correct ongoing safety problems. OSHA regulations must be enforced in order to be effective. Employees need periodic breaks from the work routine.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 92]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
81. B
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees to prevent accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they have occurred.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
82. D
Employee theft. Falsifying payroll records or punching time cards for coworkers who are not working are examples of employee theft because the company is paying wages to people who are not performing their job duties. Shoplifting occurs when a customer steals merchandise. Tax fraud involves reporting false tax information to the government. Pilferage is stealing by hiding merchandise in shopping bags or any concealed places.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 484-485]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. B
Purchasing. Purchasing activities of a company involve the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of the business or for resale. In this situation, Rick is not only finding the best deal for the company, but also planning the quantity and delivery of the pie containers for Sugar Sweets. Pricing is a marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution is a marketing function that involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 20—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
84. D
32. Ordering the correct quantity is an important purchasing activity. In this example, eight maintenance workers each use an average of one gallon of cleaning solution per week for a total of eight gallons. Since there are an average of four weeks in a month, multiply the number of gallons used per week by four to determine the amount to order (8 x 4 = 32).
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Hanson, M. (2010). Business math (17th ed.) [pp. 20-21]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. C
Perpetual inventory. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Updates can be done manually or by computer. Businesses often track their office supplies to make sure that they have enough items on hand to run smoothly. Inventory shrinkage is a loss of inventory due to shoplifting, employee theft, breakage, misplacement, or poor recordkeeping. Physical inventory is the process of counting each item that is available for use. Inventory keeping is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 355-357). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
86. D
Production. This process makes resources more useful to ultimate consumers and industrial users. Marketing is all those functions involved in getting goods, services, and ideas to the final user. Refinement is the process of making ongoing product improvements. Entrepreneurship involves taking the risks of business ownership.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
87. C
Health. Eating the right foods, maintaining an appropriate weight, and practicing good posture are conducive to good health. This has a positive effect on the image individuals project to others. Dress factors involve the selection of clothes a person wears, which include the colors, textures, lines, shapes, and patterns of the clothes. Grooming factors include various guidelines for personal hygiene. Selfconcept is the way in which you see yourself.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
88. C
Put forth your best effort. A goal should not be too hard to reach or too easy but challenge you to put forth your best effort. Meeting a challenging goal should make you happy with the outcome. Giving up too soon comes from a lack of perseverance. A challenging goal is not necessarily frustrating.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
89. C
Are the affected parties willing to participate in the decision making process. To apply an appropriate decision making style, you need to find out who is (or should be) involved. You ask: "Will the decision affect others?" "Will the affected parties want or need to have a say in the decision?" "Am I the only one who has the information necessary to make the decision?" As you're asking these questions, you determine which decision making style is appropriate: minimum-, moderate-, or maximum-input. You don't need to ask if the affected parties are willing to participate in the decision making process— because you're already finding out if they want or need to have a say in the decision.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options
90. C
All ideas are welcome. In a brainstorming session, all ideas are welcome. No judgments should be made about ideas. Every point of view is valuable. A time limit is applied to the session, usually about 20-25 minutes. Group members are encouraged to expand upon others' ideas.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem
91. B
Self-understanding. There are professionally prepared tests that have been created to help people develop self-understanding. These tests are often available through the school system. One of the tests, an Activities Preference Inventory, will identify your areas of greatest interest. Physical image is the personal appearance that you present to others. Self-discipline is training yourself to act in ways that will further your development. Personal philosophy is the combination of principles, attitudes, or beliefs held by individuals.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. D
Protect the employees' rights to work under safe conditions. Many governments around the world have laws to protect workers. The right to work in a safe environment is one right that the laws often address. Manufacturers might require employees to wear hard hats and eye goggles to protect them from hazardous conditions and equipment in specific areas of the facility (e.g., warehouse). Some companies might require that workers wear ventilation masks when working with certain chemicals. To prevent outsiders from entering the premises, businesses might develop security procedures as a means to keep workers safe. Ethical standards vary by country so there are not universal standards that every country follows in terms of workers' rights. Environmental issues, such as a business's responsibility to institute safeguards to minimize air and water pollution that results from its activities, apply to all citizens.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 111-112]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. C
Informational interview. The informational interview is used to learn about careers, get advice on preparing for careers, obtain industry information, and make contacts with people working in the field of interest. Employment interviews are used to screen applicants for jobs. Occupational review and industry analysis are not career search tools.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (n.d.). Informational interview. Retrieved June 25, 2009, from http://jobsearch.about.com/cs/infointerviews/a/infointerview.htm
94. B
Marketing. Professional selling is a career in marketing. The marketing field includes career opportunities whose processes create, communicate, and deliver value to customers and manage customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Professional selling is not a career in management and administration, finance, or sports, although these business areas may use professional selling in certain marketing efforts.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
95. B
Civil service postings. Civil service is one form of government employment that usually requires an applicant to pass a competitive exam in order to be hired. Governmental agencies post lists of civil service jobs currently available within the agencies. These listings usually are posted on bulletin boards at the various city, county, state, and federal office buildings. School bulletin boards usually provide information about jobs available with local businesses rather than governmental agencies. Unions only provide information about jobs with companies that have contracts with the unions. Local telephone directories do not contain specific job information.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4 ed) [p. 57]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. B
Future advancement opportunities. Questions concerning advancement opportunities are appropriate during an interview because they indicate the applicant's long-range interest in the company. These types of questions also help the applicant decide if there is a potential for professional growth within the company. Questions about industry credit ratings and corporate financial arrangements are not appropriate, especially for entry -level applicants. Information about employees' salaries is confidential.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 68-69]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
97. C
Restatement of key points. Job applicants should always send follow-up letters to interviewers in order to thank them for their time. These letters should be brief, but they can contain important information. An applicant might want to restate several key points that were discussed during the interview in order to reinforce his/her qualifications for the job. This information will also help the interviewer to remember the applicant. An explanation of previous employment, a list of personal references, and an outline of educational background are types of information that are provided in resumes and job applications rather than in follow-up letters.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. D
Humorous. In most cases, job applicants are writing letters of application to strangers, people they do not know. Also, these letters concern important issues that may have a long-term effect on an individual's life. Therefore, applicants should avoid being overly humorous, funny, or cute, which might give the impression that they are not serious about the job. Businesses expect letters of application to be formal, precise, and accurate because they use them as a guide in hiring employees.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. A
Continue their education. Employees need to continue learning and improving their skills in order to keep up with changes in technology. For example, many businesses are replacing existing equipment with advanced models that are more complex or perform more operations. Employees need to be willing to learn the skills necessary to operate advanced equipment because their former skills are obsolete. Employees should not change jobs frequently. Modifying personal behavior will not necessarily prevent employees' skills from becoming obsolete unless they also continue their education. Many employees are responsible for performing specific tasks and are not able to delegate that responsibility to others.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 101). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. C
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Part of directing involves motivating and leading workers to accomplish the business's goals. Managers use their skills to develop a team spirit among employees, and they motivate employees by rewarding them for their hard work. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)