Test 1031
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Agreement. In order for a contract to be legally binding, an offer must be made by one party and accepted by the other party. In effect, the two parties are agreeing. The competent parties provision requires those entering a contract to be of legal age and meet other criteria. Legality refers to the terms of the offer being within the law, and consideration requires something of value be exchanged.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J. F., & Samuelson, S. S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 217, 219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Fiduciary. An agent is someone who acts on the behalf of another party. The agent often negotiates contracts and handles legal issues for another person with that person's consent. The agent who shows that s/he is loyal, trustworthy, and acting in the best interest of his/her client (principal) is fostering a fiduciary relationship. Authoritative relationships are based on a particular level of control. Principal is a legal term that describes the client. Legislative processes involve the procedures in which people or governments establish laws.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Beatty, J. F., & Samuelson, S. S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 625]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. C
Respect of coworkers. Being able to listen effectively is an important skill in the world of work. Employees who listen to others and try to understand what they are saying usually are able to respond appropriately. The benefit is that they earn the respect of coworkers because they take the time to try to truly understand what others are saying. As a result, they are able to answer questions, complete job assignments correctly, and assist coworkers when necessary. Being able to listen effectively might lead to a promotion but does not guarantee it. Being able to listen effectively does not necessarily mean that employees will have access to management. Employees who listen effectively often have more responsibility rather than fewer assignments.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 55, 57]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
4. A
Greet the customer by name. If a salesperson is making calls from a prospect list, use of the customer's name will be easy and adds a personal touch to the telephone call. It may not be appropriate to call a potential client at home. Asking questions will reveal information about the client's needs and wants but does nothing to personalize the conversation. The use of a merchandise approach means to make reference to a particular good/service in initiating a conversation with the customer.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success: Annotated instructor's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 88-89]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
5. C
Time the presentation. Rehearsing the presentation provides the businessperson with an opportunity to time the presentation and decide what revisions are needed before the actual presentation. In many situations, businesspeople are allowed only a certain amount of time to make presentations. Therefore, it is necessary to include all the important information within that time frame. Timing the presentation in advance will allow the businessperson to be sure that the complete message is being presented. Visuals should be prepared in advance in order to use them during the rehearsal. All information should be included in the presentation before it is rehearsed. Businesspeople do not rehearse presentations to anticipate questions.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 94]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
6. A
Benefits of taking action. The purpose of writing persuasive messages is to convince customers to do something such as buy a product or pay an overdue bill. To encourage them to take the correct action, it is important to appeal to their needs and show them why it is a benefit to do what you want them to do. For example, if you want customers to buy a new product, explain how that product will benefit them, such as by saving money or speeding up production. Customers are more likely to respond favorably when they understand how their needs will be satisfied, and they will benefit from taking action. Customers usually are not interested in the business's point of view or predictions for the future unless those predictions will benefit them. Persuasive messages are more effective if they explain how customers will benefit rather than explaining the technical aspects in detail.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 334-335]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
7. C
Attachments. Writers of simple reports may want to include additional information that further explains the report but is not necessary for its understanding. This type of information, such as graphs, charts, and statistics, may be included as attachments. Receivers of the report can decide whether or not they want to take the time to read the attachments. References, bibliographies, and resources are types of attachments that refer readers to other sources of information. They are most often associated with long, complex reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & DuFrene, D.D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 381-385]. Cincinnati: South-Western College.
8. D
Logical arguments. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. When developing an analytical report that addresses a controversial issue or contains information that readers might disagree with, the writer should provide logical arguments that explain and support their conclusions. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade readers to accept the conclusions. Technical statistics may distract the reader. Personal opinions should not be expressed during an analytical report. Enthusiastic statements that do not provide logical arguments or supporting evidence are less likely to convince readers that the conclusions are reasonable.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 411-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. B
The purpose of this study is to determine why sales have been decreasing for three consecutive quarters. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. A comprehensive research report contains several sections. In the introductory section of the research report, the writer identifies the problem and the purpose of the report, such as declining sales. Recommendations are detailed at the end of the report. Details about the research process, such as survey data, are addressed in the methodology section of the research report. Statistics are included in the results section of the research report.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Walonick, D. (2005). Elements of a research proposal and report. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.statpac.com/research-papers/research-proposal.htm
10. A
Grapevine. The grapevine is an oral communication method in which information is passed around the company, but it is not formally announced or verified. Managers usually are unable to control the grapevine because employees tend to talk to each other and share whatever information they have— even if it is not accurate. Managers can sometimes use the grapevine by providing correct information to employees they know are involved in the grapevine. Downward communication moves from management to the lower-level employees. Formal communication is the official information provided by the business. An objective is a desired outcome rather than a channel of staff communication.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & DuFrene, D.D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 11-13]. Cincinnati: South-Western College.
11. C
Needs. Needs are requirements of some sort —the things that people must have in order to lead full and happy lives. Employees should provide service based on the customers' needs, not on what they think the customers need. Considering what customers need will help employees to provide good service and satisfy those needs. Good service should be provided regardless of customers' wages, habits, or appearance.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 6). Mason, OH: South-Western.
12. D
Hidden complaint. The customer has concealed the true complaint with a believable but secondary reason for the dissatisfaction. Objections are customers' reasons for not buying. A false accusation is an allegation against someone that has no basis in fact. Difficult customers are customers with problems that interfere with their ability to communicate satisfactorily or to function in a normal or pleasant manner.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 50). Mason, OH: South-Western.
13. C
Human resources. Offering higher wages, employee-assistance programs, and benefits are ways businesses can attract more employees. These methods would not be appropriate responses to limited natural resources, economic resources, or capital goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Economic Resources
14. D
Prices go down. The law of supply and demand states that the supply of a good or service will increase when the demand is great (prices increase) and will fall when demand is low (prices decrease). By decreasing prices, producers hope to appeal to more consumers.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
15. C
Value. Value is the amount of satisfaction a good or service will provide a customer. Price often indicates value because customers usually are willing to pay more for items they value highly. Price is the amount of money paid for a good, service, or resource. Incentive is the motivator for change or action. Any circumstances under which buyers and sellers exchange products for a price is considered a market.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 34). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
16. C
Making personal economic choices. We are limited by our own choices. If we choose to buy one thing, we may not have enough money to buy another. If we sell our private property to one person, we cannot sell the same property to anyone else. Being able to compete with others is an economic freedom. Complying with the law is a limit on economic freedom imposed by government. Deciding to learn new job skills does not limit economic freedom and may increase income.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
17. B
Uninsurable. These risks are speculative risks that may be the result of such unavoidable factors as changes in customer buying habits, weather conditions, or business conditions. All risks are important to businesses, and most businesses try to protect themselves from pure risks by purchasing insurance.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
18. C
Can carry out its activities more easily. Government activities can be carried out more easily when the economy is strong because more tax dollars are available to fund various government programs. This may make it easier to solve problems, but it does not necessarily reduce the number of problems. Government cannot assure workers that they will find jobs, even in a strong economy. Nations need trading partners under all economic circumstances.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Sexton, R.L. (2002). Exploring economics (2nd ed.) [pp. 170-171]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
19. C
French Canadians should be provided printed materials in both French and English. Although most Canadians speak English, there are areas of the country that speak primarily French, such as Quebec and parts of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. Therefore, when doing business with Canadians, it is courteous to provide printed materials in both the French and English languages. Many French Canadians speak English. Titles are not more important to English Canadians then they are to French Canadians.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). Canada: Communication. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/canada.htm
20. D
It is inappropriate to use humor with Germans in business situations. Germans tend to be very formal and serious about their business, and they do not find it appropriate to use humor during business situations. Social interaction and getting to know a business associate on a personal level is not a priority because Germans tend to be private about their personal lives. German businesspeople generally prefer structure and do not like surprises, so they don't always adapt to change easily.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
21. D
Dining etiquette. In Argentina, business is often discussed over meals. Because dining customs and traditions vary by country, foreign businesspeople should learn about the proper dining etiquette before going to another country to reduce the risk of embarrassment. Putting your hands in your lap is considered poor table manners in Argentina. The tip that Cecilia provided Katherine does not relate to dress and appearance, spatial differences, or verbal communication.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). Argentina: Behavior. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/argentina.htm
22. D
Inappropriate gesture. Because customs and gestures differ by country, foreigners must understand and monitor their body language, when conducting business in other countries. Certain gestures (e.g., winking) may be friendly in some cultures and offensive or disrespectful in other cultures. Winking is not used as a negotiation tactic in Taiwan. Winking is a gesture rather than a verbal insult or greeting.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Cyberlink. (n.d.). Taiwan: Appearance. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/taiwan.htm
23. A
Women are not permitted to drive a car. Different cultures have different expectations and rules in relation to gender. In Saudi Arabia, women are not permitted to drive a car. The day of rest is often associated with religious traditions. Laws regarding the consumption of pork are related to religious practices. The “thumbs up” symbol is a form of nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). Saudi Arabia: Behavior. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/saudi-arabia.htm
24. D
Religion. Religious practices and traditions are an important aspect of everyday life in Saudi Arabia. Muslims pray five times a day, so it is customary for Saudi Arabian businesspeople to leave a meeting for a few minutes during the day. Prayer is not a custom associated with speech, age, or punctuality.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). Saudi Arabia: Communications. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/saudi-arabia.htm
25. C
Conservative pantsuit. Appropriate attire is an important consideration when doing business in another country. The Indian culture dresses modestly, so a conservative pantsuit is appropriate attire. In India, it is inappropriate for a person to show bare shoulders or legs, so a sleeveless dress is inappropriate clothing. Ornate jewelry does not project a conservative appearance. Cows are sacred to the Indian Hindus, so it would be offensive to wear a leather belt.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Cyborlink.com. (n.d.). India: Appearance. Retrieved October 12, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/india.htm
26. A
Collaboration is becoming a standard method of achieving business goals. Collaboration is used more and more to achieve business goals. You can see this in the frequent use of teams, group projects, and joint ventures. Our culture is not more relaxed and free; it is busier than ever. Emotional intelligence does not ensure a more secure business environment. And, even though more people can be world travelers and see other cultures, emotional intelligence is also important for people who do not travel.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. D
Traits. Personal traits can be divided into three basic categories: emotional, physical, and mental. An individual's personality is a combination of traits in these categories. Abilities are skills which enable people to perform certain tasks or functions. Affirmations are statements about a present or desired strength that you want to accept, develop, and incorporate into your life.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personal Traits)
28. C
Procrastination. Procrastination is putting off until tomorrow what could have been done today. It is a bad habit, particularly at work, because it prevents workers from meeting deadlines or timelines. Exhibiting dedication to the job and the company, being cooperative with coworkers, and taking the initiative to get work done are all positive approaches.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
29. A
Blaming another person for his mistake. Taking responsibility for your actions involves accepting the consequences (good or bad) of your behavior, admitting and learning from your mistakes, and trying to do better in the future. In the example, Jason blamed the office assistant for the mistake, but he is the employee who is responsible for ordering the washers. By blaming another employee, Jason is failing to accept responsibility for his actions. Jason was not helping Susan to resolve the problem, providing a valid reason for the stock-out, or denying that a problem exists.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Payne, S. (n.d.). Accepting responsibility for your own work. Retrieved October 9, 2009, from http://www.helium.com/items/1587239-accepting-responsibility-for-your-own-work
30. B
Determine the time it takes to complete various tasks. Before tackling your work, you need to determine all the tasks that you need to do in relation to the time it takes to complete each task. You must also consider the importance of each task, which may be determined by their due dates. By analyzing the time it takes to complete your tasks in relation to their importance, you can schedule your workload and allow enough time to complete them, which is an important consideration, if unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. Tasks should not always be completed in the order of their difficulty. Least important tasks should be completed after the most important tasks.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved October 14, 2009 http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
31. C
Self-control. Self-control is the ability to direct the course of your own behavior. Self-respect is a high regard of oneself as an individual. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal needs, interests, values, and motives and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Self-affirmation is a statement about a personal present or desired strength.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Self-Control)
32. B
Positive. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior. It can be positive or negative in nature. Positive feedback involves praise (compliments, commendations, etc.) and tends to reinforce the behavior that it recognizes. Internal feedback comes from within yourself. Critical or negative feedback tends to make people want to change their behavior.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
33. A
Passive. Passive behavior is conduct in which people fail to exercise their own rights and to respect their own needs. It is also called avoidance behavior because the goal is to avoid conflict of any kind. Susie hopes that if she doesn't confront Jim, there won't be any conflict. This is nonverbal behavior on her part, and she is not behaving in an independent manner. Jim's conduct is an example of aggressive behavior which is based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them in order to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. C
Emotional. Emotional conflict is a disagreement that is based on personal beliefs, values, or experiences. Because the two people view the same rules in different ways, the conflict is emotional in nature. A functional conflict is a disagreement that is tangible or concrete, and it often occurs when two parties share common goals but approach the process in a different manner. Essential is defined as necessary, or needed. Critical is a term that means serious or important. Essential and critical are not terms commonly used to describe types of conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
35. B
Finance charges. Finance charges are the interest charged on credit accounts which are not paid in full at the end of each month. Discounts are cash deductions which are often provided as an incentive for early payment of an account. Fidelity bonds are a type of insurance that protects businesses from losses due to employee theft. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service, usually offered by the manufacturer of the good.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 685-686). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. A
Saving enough money to retire in 10 years. Financial goals are objectives that individuals want to achieve. Individuals often set financial goals based on a time factor because they have a need that they want to satisfy. In this situation, retiring in 10 years is the need that can be satisfied by saving money every month. Making a will to distribute personal assets, reviewing various health insurance options, and obtaining a credit card for emergencies are not examples of financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 11-15). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. A
Human. These are risks caused by character traits such as dishonesty, carelessness, or incompetence. Economic risk relates to the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. Environmental risks are caused by factors outside the business that are beyond the business's control. Marketing risk is a term that can be used to describe all risks encountered in marketing.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
38. B
Accurate and up-to-date. Accounting records show the financial health of a business. If its accounting records are inaccurate or out of date, a business cannot be sure what its financial situation is. Posting is transferring accounting information from a daily journal to the appropriate ledger, and it can be done by bookkeepers or clerical staff. The chief executive officer of a business would not have time to approve all the accounting information the system contains. A business may use either the cash accounting method or the accrual method. In the cash accounting method, income and expenditures are recorded at the time the money changes hands. In the accrual method, transactions are recorded at the time they occur even if no money changes hands.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
39. A
Financial picture. A business's income statement summarizes where the business's money came from and where it went. It is an entire financial picture that lists all revenues and expenses for a certain time period, usually one year. An income statement includes information used in budgets and cash-flow reports. It is a picture of a business's financial status, rather than a prediction of the financial future.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
40. D
As short as possible. The cash conversion cycle should be as short as possible so financial managers have more free cash to work with. A downward trend in the cycle is a positive sign, while an upward trend is a negative one. A downward trend is preferred to equilibrium. Many investors pay close attention to a company's cash conversion cycle.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
41. C
Make adjustments. A budget is only as successful as the business that evaluates it on a regular basis. When business owners want to know if they are accomplishing their goals, budgets show where they are on target and where they are not. By comparing original budget figures to actual figures, managers can find out if they are spending more than allocated on certain activities and then make adjustments. For example, if a business spends most of its advertising budget during the first six months, it knows that it will need to cut back in that area or take money from other activities. Businesses do not evaluate their original budgets in order to change investments, establish quotas, or follow procedures.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
42. B
Human resources. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of the business. The human resources function is responsible for developing and implementing employee orientation programs. Orientation involves helping new employees get acquainted with their surroundings, providing them with general company information (e.g., policies), and preparing them to do their jobs (e.g., training). Funding acquisition is a financial function. Information management is the function that maintains and disseminates the business's data for decision-making purposes. The security function protects the business's resources from harm or unauthorized access.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (p. 201). Boston, Houghton Mifflin.
43. B
Data, expertise. Information contains facts or data that are presented in a meaningful way. Knowledge is the combination of data, expertise, and insight that an individual or business accumulates over time. The data, expertise, and insight come from internal and external sources, which are integrated and processed to create knowledge. Some forms of knowledge might include definitions, symbols, and creativity; however, competence, fabrications (lies), or transitions are not attributes of useful or meaningful knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Regional Knowledge Resource Kit. (2008, April 4). Information vs. knowledge. Retrieved October 14, 2009, from http://www.rkrk.net.au/index.php/Information_Vs_Knowledge
44. C
Tacit knowledge. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Tacit knowledge is an employee's personal "know-how" that affects the ways in which s/he does his/her job. An employee who develops and executes a process that helps her/him work more efficiently has tacit knowledge. Raw data are data that have not been transformed into meaningful information. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Quantitative facts are true statements that can be measured in a numerical way.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: 12Manage.com. (2009). Tacit knowledge. Retrieved October 14, 2009, from http://www.12manage.com/description_tacit_knowledge.html#
45. C
Transparent. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. Transparency is the quality of being just as one's seems—trustworthy. When employees have expertise or personal insight that can help the business achieve its goals, they should share their knowledge with their employers. Sharing knowledge means that the employees have a transparent attitude; they are willing to share their knowhow, and they are not deliberately concealing knowledge that will help the business achieve its goals. Although curiosity and ethical behavior are desirable traits, they are not needed for effective knowledge management processes. Businesses do not, as a general rule, want employees to be argumentative.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Land, F., Urooj, A., & Nolas, S. (2007). The ethics of knowledge management. Retrieved October 14, 2009, from http://www.infoscijournals.com/downloadPDF/pdf/ITJ3515_RW8B0dOfQ0.pdf
46. B
Accountability matrix. An accountability matrix is a table that assigns tasks to workers and tracks the workers' progress in relation to various business or project activities. Accountability matrices are components of project-management software. Businesses may design their own accountability matrices through word-processing or spreadsheet applications. A customer database is a central location in which the business records and maintains information about its customers. A surveillance system consists of audio/visual equipment that is used to monitor various activities. Magnetic cards (e.g., debit cards, credit cards) contain data that can be read by electronic devices. Businesses do not use customer databases, surveillance systems, and magnetic cards to assign and track various business tasks.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2009). Accountability matrix. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/accountability-matrix.html
47. A
An organic farm obtains a patent for a new hybrid tomato plant. Intellectual property is intangible business assets resulting from thinking processes. Businesses can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. When a business invents a new product (e.g., tomato plant), the business would apply for a patent. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for a specific number of years. The patent is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect musical compositions. Trademarks can be obtained to protect trade characters. Copyrights or trademarks can legally protect logos. A business that uses a similar logo as another company, and an online business that illegally distributes music are examples of ways that intellectual property is not being protected. A manufacturer that hires a graphic artist to design a trade character will need to legally protect the trade character after it is developed.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2002). Management and e-commerce: The online legal environment (pp. 108-109). Cincinnati: West Legal Studies in Business, South-Western College Publishing.
48. D
Comparing and ordering concepts. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. An important aspect of knowledge management involves capturing the expertise, insight and information, so the business can use it in meaningful ways. A business can use many different tools to capture knowledge in an organization. Sorting techniques allow the business to compare all of the data and information that it has collected, categorize it, and place it in a meaningful order or sequence. This process allows the business to look at all of the knowledge that it has gathered in different ways. This often helps the business determine efficiencies and inefficiencies within the business. Sorting techniques often help a business determine if any of the information that it has collected is confidential or relevant. After sorting and analyzing the information, the business may decide to take corrective action by changing some of its objectives.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Milton, N. (2003, November 20). Knowledge acquisition. Retrieved October 14, 2009, from http://www.epistemics.co.uk/Notes/63-0-0.htm
49. D
Marketing. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Cognitive activities are mental processes, such as perceiving, remembering, thinking, and judging. Exchange activities include all forms of trading. Importing involves the buying of products from other countries for resale.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way! (Marketing)
50. B
Formal report. Paulette has been asked to conduct a trade-area analysis and provide recommendations. She should present the information in a formal report, which is a complex report that consists of several components, which may include an executive summary, introduction, background information, research methodology, recommendations, and appendices. The retailer is using the information to make a business decision, so the information should be presented in a formal, professional manner. A business plan is the company's written business model. Instructional manuals provide directions to assemble an item or perform an activity. Businesses might provide research diaries to research-study participants to record information about their buying habits or reactions to certain stimuli.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 454-457]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
51. A
Businesses serve customers more effectively. Managing information appropriately helps businesses focus on the important task of serving customers more effectively which, in turn, may help lead to higher profits, although it is not a guarantee. A business's financial decisions may or may not have to do with serving customers.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
52. D
The XPB Company takes precautions to maintain the privacy of its clients' information. Businesses collect and maintain information about their employees, clients, products, and activities, and some of the information may be private or confidential. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm or embarrassment to clients or employees. Internet firewalls and computer passwords are ways in which businesses protect electronic information. Selling a customer mailing list without the customers' consent, distributing an employee's performance review to coworkers, and deliberately preparing an annual report in a confusing manner are unethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 152, 375, 403]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
53. B
Critical path. Many project-management software packages incorporate the critical path methodology into their programs. The critical path methodology uses algorithms to determine timelines, develops schedules for complex project activities, and proposes scheduling contingency plans, which reduce project delays. Procurement is the process of acquiring goods and services. Presentation software creates computer-generated visual aids that support oral presentations. Channel management is the processes by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 138-139, 366-368]. New York: Penguin Group.
54. C
To make budget comparisons. A typical reason businesses keep financial records is to make budget comparisons—to see if the business is on target. Financial records may be involved in determining an asset's value, supporting personnel decisions, and even timing promotions effectively, but they are not typical reasons to keep financial records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
55. A
Global competition. Businesses throughout the world are competing for the same customers as a result of technological advances. Improved communication and transportation methods have made goods and services available to previously untapped markets. Consequently, foreign businesses are selling to customers who formerly bought goods only from local companies. The foreign competitor has an impact on a local business and may force it to lower prices or offer additional services in order to survive. Physical environment, domestic transportation, and social behavior are not business trends.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Sexton, R.L. (2002). Exploring economics (2nd ed.) [pp. 632-634]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
56. A
Aid decision making. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. Businesses often base business decisions on statistical information. For example, a business may obtain statistical information that indicates a product is not selling well. Based on the statistical information, the business may decide to phase out or stop making the product. Or, if statistical information indicates that the demand for the product exceeds the available supply of the product, the business may decide to increase production. Businesses use promotional activities to influence people to buy their products. Although analyzing statistical information might spark an employee's creativity (e.g., for problem-solving purposes), it is not a primary reason for interpreting it.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved October 14, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
57. C
Safety inspections. Governments develop regulations to ensure the safety of workers. Some government regulations require that businesses have their machinery inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that the business is complying with safety regulations. During the inspection, the inspector might identify problems or hazards that compromise worker safety. By identifying the problems, the business can take corrective action to ensure worker safety and to be in compliance. Undergoing accounting audits, tax assessments, and ethics training programs are not actions that will identify workplace hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
58. A
Financial loss. It is estimated that the total financial loss, or cost, of accidents to businesses exceeds $92.7 billion a year. Part of these costs come from having to pay higher insurance rates. Loss of career and reduction of benefits would be effects on employees rather than on the business.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: SCORE. (n.d.). Risk management. Retrieved October 19, 2009, from http://www.ctclic.com/Newsletters/customer-files/riskmanagement.pdf
59. B
Robbery. Cash drop boxes are built into the floor of the business and cannot be removed or opened by employees. Businesses using drop boxes often attempt to prevent robberies by posting a sign indicating that they use a drop box. Fraud, deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money; burglary, any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft; and pilferage, theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items, are all types of losses that businesses try to prevent.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Rediff.com. (2003, November 15). Are drop-boxes safe? Retrieved October 19, 2009, from http://www.rediff.com/money/2003/nov/15perfin1.htm
60. D
Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour. An important aspect of prioritizing work is determining how long a task will take to complete in relation to the due date or timeline. Completing a report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that is occurring in an hour should be the employee's top priority because the meeting is scheduled to occur before any of the other tasks listed need to be completed. The employee can photocopy the document, prepare the purchase order, and make restaurant reservations after completing the report and presenting it during the meeting.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to prioritize at work. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2293060_prioritize-work.html
61. B
Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. Gavin does not know the type and amount of inventory to order until Madelyn provides him with the forecast that she has prepared. Therefore, Gavin and Madelyn's work activities are interdependent—they must work together and coordinate their work efforts to achieve the business's goals. Unpacking a shipment and placing the items on shelves and reviewing a monthly financial report are not situations that indicate employees are coordinating their work efforts. Sarah and Shelley are working independently rather than coordinating their efforts.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group.
62. C
How long you have to complete the project. When you look at whether or not your project is "do-able," you should examine if your time frame is appropriate, if your expected costs are reasonable, and if the quality mark you've set is reachable. The feasibility of the project is not related to the amount of money the stakeholders invest because you may not need any investors for your project. It is not related to the project's definition (what it is exactly), and it is not related to what could happen on another project— similar or not.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done (Project Planning)
63. D
Tim reviews an inventory-status report to determine if there are enough supplies on hand for the next project phase. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Project managers monitor the work effort to ensure that resources are available when needed and that the project activities are being performed properly in a timely manner. When a project manager reviews an inventory-status report to determine if enough supplies are available, s/he is monitoring resources, which is a controlling activity. Determining what will be accomplished is a planning activity. Coordinating tasks is an organizing activity. Reviewing the qualifications of project-team candidates is a staffing activity.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 320-321). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
64. C
Be flexible. Unexpected situations occur during the course of a project. For example, a bottleneck in a particular process may cause problems. Or, a team member may become ill, which would cause delays. Therefore, it is important for project managers to be flexible. Flexibility may involve changing a process that isn't working or temporarily reassigning an ill team-member's workload to another person. Being flexible might mean that the project manager must work overtime or get additional resources or support from others.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 320-321). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
65. D
Selecting vendors. Businesses often buy from several vendors, or ask several vendors to submit bids. Therefore, an important step in the process of purchasing equipment and supplies for the business involves selecting the vendors. Businesses often establish criteria for selecting vendors such as reputation, quality of goods, delivery time, price, discounts, etc. Then, the business may decide to use the vendors that meet the criteria. Reviewing revenues, monitoring competitors, and visiting trade shows are not important steps in the purchasing process.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Van Weele, A.J. (2002). Purchasing and supply chain management: Analysis, planning and practice (3rd ed.) [pp. 54-59]. London: Thomson Learning.
66. A
Maintain long-term relationships. To establish favorable relationships with vendors, both the company and its vendors must receive something they want. Companies must be willing to work with vendors to achieve mutual goals. To achieve their mutual goals, the company and its vendors should be willing to share relevant information, to negotiate fairly and compromise, and to be trustworthy and reliable. By taking these actions, the company and its vendors are less likely to experience serious conflicts. A good working relationship can facilitate profitability for both the company and the vendor, but does not always double a company's profit margin.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
67. C
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season, and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. A rush order is a request for an order to be shipped for immediate delivery.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R. P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J. W., & Friedlander, J. S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
68. A
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the demand goes up, and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business to cover its needs until supply is stable and available. Maintenance inventory refers to items the business uses to maintain the facility such as cleaning supplies and light bulbs. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Customary inventory is sometimes used to describe the regularly stocked goods that the business carries.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Inman, R. (2009). Inventory types. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
69. B
A quantity discount. Businesses negotiate many terms when establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors. Often, a business may negotiate a quantity discount, which is a deduction from the seller's (vendor's) price for purchasing large volumes or dollar amounts of goods. Delivery terms address the manner in which the business will receive the product (e.g., delivery charges, transportation mode). Service terms address issues such as warranties, service calls, service fees, etc. A rebate is a return of part of the price that a customer pays for a product.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 555-556). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. C
It creates goods and services businesses can sell. Production is important to businesses because without production, businesses would have nothing to sell. All businesses must have products to sell in order to remain in business. Businesses must control production costs so that they do not have to charge higher prices than competitors. Marketing research, not production, informs businesses about consumers' wants and needs. Only if production is efficient does it prevent businesses from wasting resources.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 290-291). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
71. C
To minimize equipment failure. The primary objective of scheduling a regular program of preventive maintenance is to prevent unnecessary breakdowns in equipment. Whether maintenance is scheduled on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis would depend upon the type of business and equipment. Maintenance of equipment may affect the quality of the business's products but does not control it. A goal of maintenance is to slow the rate of deterioration, not to increase it.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Paster, T. (2007). The HACCP food safety training manual (p. 6). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
72. B
Comparing data. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Companies analyze different types of business activities including finances, marketing trends, sales, and production. One aspect of effective analysis involves comparing data. In many situations, comparing data from one period with similar data from another period will help a company determine if it is accomplishing goals, or if it needs to make adjustments to accomplish its goals. When employees are reviewing and analyzing financial reports and income data, they are not informing customers, submitting evidence, or influencing others' opinions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2009). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved October 9, 2009, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/curriculum/training-program/Business-Analyst-Skills/
73. C
Doing things in an organized and methodical manner. People who are orderly and systematic act in an organized and methodical manner. They keep calendars and lists rather than trying to memorize what needs to be done. They put a lot of thought into planning their activities and carrying them out efficiently. This does not mean that they have rigid personalities.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-723). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
74. A
Scheduling when an activity will be completed during the day. A master plan is an organized list of all the activities that an individual plans to accomplish in a given amount of time on a specific day. A weekly master plan would cover an entire week. It involves determining what has to be done, how much time it should take, how important the activity is, and when it will be carried out. The actual scheduling of daily activities is part of daily planning.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
75. C
Guidance counselor. Most schools have guidance counselors on staff who help students obtain career information and give them advice about possible occupations. Guidance counselors maintain current information about various types of jobs and can help students locate information that is not available at school. Guidance counselors often keep in touch with local employers and provide students with information about current job openings in the community. Industry recruiters may visit schools occasionally to recruit for specific occupations. The school's admissions director and curriculum planner are not sources of career information.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kelly-Plate, J., & Volz-Patton, R. (2004). Exploring careers (4th ed.) [p.111]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. A
By sending a resume and a cover letter. Businesses often include in their help-wanted advertisements a request that job applicants send the business a resume. The job applicant should comply with this request, but s/he should also send a cover letter with the resume. The cover letter, or letter of application, lends a personal touch to the resume and helps to "sell" the job applicant to the business. Businesses ask for resumes in their ads in order to save time. They do not want applicants to call on the phone or in person. Instead, they screen applicants by reviewing the resumes and interviewing only those applicants who seem best qualified for the job.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 122-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. A
Expand members' professional knowledge. Professional organizations/associations are comprised of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. These groups disseminate information and uphold professional standards. The primary focus of most professional organizations is not to recruit new members or promote the field of marketing. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Increased profit is usually a trade association's primary goal.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. A
Ask their managers to clarify the policies. Employees need to follow their employers' rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. If an employee is unsure about a workplace rule or procedure, then the employee should ask his/her manager to clarify the business's policies. If the employee violates the company's rules of conduct, the employee may be reprimanded. Employees should verify the rules of conduct with their immediate or human-resources managers. Coworkers may not know about certain workplace policies, or they may communicate incorrect information. If an employee follows his/her own instincts, s/he may not be following the company's rules of conduct. Employees can simply ask their managers about workplace rules—it isn't necessary to conduct a formal investigation.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 529-531]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
79. B
Dismissal. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. When an employee violates the rules of conduct, the business may take corrective action. The type of action the business takes depends on the severity of the violation. Serious violations (e.g., theft, embezzlement) may result in the employee's dismissal. Verbal warnings, suspensions, and written documentation of the incident are other corrective actions the business may take; however, dismissal is the most serious consequence.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 529-531, 534-537]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
80. D
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist. The chain of command defines the level of authority and identifies the specific individual who supervises particular employees. In this situation, the Chief Financial Officer reports to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the highest-ranking employee. The Accounting Department Manager reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer, and the Accounts Payable Specialist reports directly to the Accounting Department Manager.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2001). Understanding management (3rd ed.) [pp. 224-227]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
81. B
Performance standards. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes that the business wants to achieve. Goals provide the business with a standard or degree of excellence by which the business can measure its success. If the business meets or exceeds various organizational goals, then it is achieving what it set out to do. Achieving a certain level of profitability, securing and keeping competent workers, and encouraging collaborative efforts among employees are types of organizational goals that a business might set.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
82. A
Ongoing communication. Employees' goals should align with the business's organizational goals. To ensure that employees understand the importance of their work and their roles in achieving the business's goals, managers must communicate with the employees on an ongoing basis. Ongoing communication may include brainstorming ideas to improve productivity, motivating employees by providing positive feedback, and evaluating their performance on a regular basis. Performance reviews may or may not include evaluation from peers.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Success Factors. (n.d.). Goal management. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.successfactors.com/goal-management/small/
83. C
Constraints. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. The SOW should outline any limits or restrictions (e.g., time, money, human resources) that might affect the execution of the project, which should be placed in the constraints component of the SOW. The purpose or reason for the project is outlined in the beginning of the SOW. The benefits are the project's advantages. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project. The example does not describe the purpose, benefits, or deliverables of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 74-77]. New York: Penguin Group.
84. C
To identify and better manage all project activities. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. Project objectives are provided to stakeholders in the statement of work (SOW) document, which may also include information about the costs associated with the project. Although it is important for project managers to provide team members with feedback to improve their performance levels, this is not a primary reason for developing a WBS.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Gido, J., & Clements, J.P. (2003). Successful project management (2nd ed.) [pp. 103-104]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
85. D
WBS dictionary. A WBS dictionary is a tool that helps inform project team members about the scope, status, milestones, and deliverables associated with each project activity. The dictionary can be formatted in a variety of ways, such as an organizational chart or an outline. By maintaining and keeping the dictionary in a central location (e.g., computer intranet), all team members have access to the information at any time. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words. A training chart would not be applicable to the situation described. A pie chart would not be feasible to use because of space limitations.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (n.d.). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.project-management -knowledge.com/definitions/w/workbreakdown-structure-dictionary/
86. B
Delegating work. An important aspect of managing a project team is delegating work to team members. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Project managers need to match project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform the necessary tasks and activities. Corrine is not monitoring processes, providing guidance, or evaluating performance in the presented situation.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003-2009). Project team management. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.businessperform.com/html/project_team_management.html
87. A
Closing. Many activities occur at the end or close of a project. Because the project has been completed, equipment and materials (supplies) are disposed of or provided to others for different projects or uses. Team members may be released to work on new projects or to return to work on previous assignments. Scheduling is the process of setting timelines for tasks to be completed. The goals are established during the planning phase of the project. During the initiating phase, the project is authorized to begin. Releasing resources from the project are not activities that occur during the scheduling process or the during the project's planning or initiating phases.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 250, 332-333]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. A
Customer-satisfaction levels. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. One aspect of quality management involves customersatisfaction levels with the business's products. To gauge the customers' satisfaction levels in relation to product quality, the business monitors sales and obtains and evaluates customer feedback. If customers are satisfied with product quality, customer feedback is likely to be positive, and sales will be steady or will increase. If product quality is declining, customer feedback will likely be negative, complaints and returns may increase, and sales may decrease. Factors that may affect customer-satisfaction levels include the product's durability, product's performance, and customer service. The efficiency of the production process and the employees' performance levels do not always affect product quality.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2005). How to measure business quality. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.moneyinstructor.com/art/businessquality.asp
89. A
Incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software helps guide improvement for projects, for departments, or throughout the overall organizational structure. It is designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs, and performance levels. A feature of the CMMI software program is that it has an auditing function that compares the business's existing processes with the CMMI model to evaluate efficiency levels. The audit results guide the business's decision making by examining both the efficient processes and inefficient processes. By using the CMMI model, the business can integrate its successful processes with those suggested by the CMMI model, which can help the business's quality improve. The purpose of the CMMI quality management framework is to facilitate quality improvement rather than develop long-term financial and operating plans and comply with government regulations. CMMI can help the business improve the efficiencies of all of its resources; however, not all businesses use natural resources in their production processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute. (2009). CMMI: Overview. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.sei.cmu.edu/cmmi/
90. A
Increased sales. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. A potential benefit of improved processes is increased sales. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. Continuous quality improvement processes can increase productivity (outputs), which lowers costs and increases profits.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (n.d.). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality-improvement cqi.html
91. B
The company's financial risk will increase. An employee who deliberately withholds information that negatively affects the company is acting in an unethical manner. Because Ted is stealing money from the company, the company is experiencing financial losses. By remaining silent, Michelle is increasing the company's financial risk because Ted may continue to take money from the company, which would increase the company's financial losses. In some jurisdictions, embezzlement is a felony. Ted will not be charged with a felony unless Michelle or another person tells the company's management about the embezzlement. Property insurance premiums and noncompliance fines are not likely to be affected if Michelle does not inform the company about Ted's embezzlement activities.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved October 16, 2009 from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
92. B
Intranet systems. An intranet system is a business's internal computer network. It allows for the electronic exchange of information among the business's employees. Because businesses often store confidential information (e.g., customer financial data, employee payroll data) on its intranet, they must take steps to ensure that unauthorized individuals do not obtain the information. Businesses use computer software applications to minimize security risks. Encryption techniques and passwords are examples of methods that businesses use to protect the confidential information that is stored on their intranet systems. Businesses do not use security software to protect their corporate policies, intercom systems, or spam email.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Wilkinson, M. (2009, September 29). Risk management: Using technology as a tool. Retrieved October 16, 2009, from http://www.gtnews.com/article/7773.cfm
93. B
Government regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may be sued or fined, which could result in substantial financial losses. A failure to comply with laws may also affect the business's credibility with its customers. Therefore, it is important for a business to continuously monitor government regulations to ensure that it is in compliance, and make changes, if necessary, to become compliant. Monitoring competitors' activities, judicial opinions, and social etiquette will not reduce risks associated with noncompliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. (2004). Corporate governance: Consequences of noncompliance with laws and regulations. Retrieved October 16, 2009, from http://stlouisfed.org/col/director/Materials/call_CG_consequences.htm
94. D
Supervisory managers. Supervisory, or first-line, management works directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. Employees are responsible for performing the work assigned by their supervisors. Mid-level managers report to top-level management and have supervisors who report to them. They act as the link between top management and supervisory management. Consultants are individuals who give advice or share their expertise with other individuals or businesses for a fee.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. D
Looking ahead. The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes, which involves looking ahead. Measuring the success or achievement of goals is a controlling activity. Motivating employees is a directing activity. Establishing structure is an organizing activity.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (1998-2009). Planning function of management. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/planning_function.htm
96. D
Time management. The organizing function of management involves setting up the way the business's work will be done. An important aspect of organizing involves understanding the time it takes an employee to complete certain tasks. By understanding the time it takes to complete work activities, the manager can determine the best way to structure the workload among the employees. Discipline, feedback, and rewards are issues associated with the directing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Management function of organizing: Overviews of methods. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://managementhelp.org/orgnzing/orgnzing.htm
97. D
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important staffing activity is identifying qualified candidates to do the work. To identify qualified candidates, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Leading involves directing the activities of others. Persuading is convincing others to take a certain course of action. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Taleo Corporation. (2009). Staffing management. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.taleo.com/research/g-staffing-management-19.php
98. A
How will the company compensate this worker? Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training are staffing activities. When hiring an employee, the manager must consider how the business will compensate the employee. This involves determining the appropriate salary range for the job, insurance, vacation, and other benefits. The company's vision is a consideration of the planning function of management. Workload distribution is a consideration of the organizing function of management. Product quality standards are considerations of the controlling function of management.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Taleo Corporation. (2009). Staffing management. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.taleo.com/research/g-staffing-management-19.php
99. D
Instructing employees. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. When managers provide employees with guidance, they are often providing employees with instructions about performing tasks in a certain sequence or manner. Establishing goals are planning activities. Determining tasks are organizing activities. Interviewing applicants are staffing activities.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (1998-2009). Directing function of management. Retrieved October 13, 2009, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
100. C
Rework. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. Because Pablo is initiating corrective action to fix a problem or output, he is engaging in the rework control process. Preliminary control is a form of control in which the manager takes action to prevent problems from occurring. Developing a contingency plan or an alternative course of action is often part of preliminary control process. Functional is not a term that describes a form of control. Control refers to the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
Test 1058
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. C
Conservation. One of the main responsibilities of environmental law is the conservation and preservation of the natural environment. This involves conserving natural resources and preventing pollution. Environmental laws affect businesses because many businesses use natural resources and might contribute to pollution during the production process. Historic preservation involves preserving landmarks, such as buildings. Environmental law is not responsible for land management or production.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [p. 539]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
General partnership. With a general partnership, all partners are liable for the debts of the business. If one partner refuses to pay her/his share of the debts, the other partners will be responsible for paying them. Owners of private, public, and "S" corporations have limited liability.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
Attitude. The attitude of the listener can keep him/her from effective listening because attitudes affect behavior. If a listener dislikes a speaker or dislikes what the speaker is saying, s/he may tune out and not listen to the message. Patience, concentration, and interest are not barriers to effective listening. Listening patiently without interrupting the speaker, being genuinely interested in what the speaker is saying, and concentrating on the message help to promote effective listening.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 59-60]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
4. D
Noise. Noise in the background can distract the listener. Emotional perceptions are the ways in which people interpret things. They are usually created or influenced by the background, or upbringing, of the individual, and they can create emotional barriers to communication. Bias is opinion based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. It can also create an emotional barrier.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. D
What type of training do you provide for this position? Relevant questions are types of questions that pertain to the issue at hand. If an applicant is interviewing for a job, the applicant would ask the interviewer questions about the company, job responsibilities, job training, professional development, etc. It would be inappropriate to ask the interviewer about his/her salary, nearby restaurants, and salesdepartment shortfalls—these questions are irrelevant to the issue at hand.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-212]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
6. B
Greet the customer by name. If a salesperson is making calls from a prospect list, use of the customer's name will be easy and adds a personal touch to the telephone call. It may not be appropriate to call a potential client at home. Asking questions will reveal information about the client's needs and wants but does nothing to personalize the conversation. The use of a merchandise approach means to make reference to a particular good/service in initiating a conversation with the customer.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success: Annotated instructor's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 88-89]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
7. D
Short. A characteristic of letters of inquiry is that they are usually short. Businesses often write letters of inquiry to other businesses to request information and literature or to order goods or services. These types of letters are routine and should contain only the information the receiver needs in order to respond. Letters of inquiry requesting information usually are not complex. Social business letters do not request information but often are used to express thanks or congratulations. Letters of inquiry that businesses write to request information from other businesses usually are informal rather than formal.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 604-605]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. B
Feasibility study. An analytical report provides evaluative information. A feasibility study is a type of analytical report that explores the positive and negative consequences or the implications associated with taking a certain course of action, such as changing vendors. A troubleshooting guide is a document that provides guidance for solving problems with a product or process. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. A letter of intent is a document communicating what a person or business intends to do within (or during) a specific time period.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 407-413]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. C
Summarize gathered information. A research report summarizes information gathered from an investigation. Information is often obtained from several sources inside and outside the business. Businesses often request and use research reports to identify problems and opportunities. Information provided in research reports is often used to make important decisions about the business, which may involve setting new objectives for the business.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Walonick, D. (2005). Elements of a research proposal and report. Retrieved August 6, 2009, from http://www.statpac.com/research-papers/research-proposal.htm
10. A
Upward. Upward communication is defined as communication that moves up the chain of command, e.g., employee to supervisor. Downward communication moves down the chain from management to employees. Horizontal communication is communication with someone on the same level within the business. Grapevine communication is unofficial messages passed among fellow employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Informal. A casual exchange of information is informal communication. Coworkers who talk about work when they aren't on the clock, such as at lunchtime, are engaging in informal communication. Sometimes, informal communication can help employees solve problems or get ideas for streamlining a project. Ceremonial and official indicate a formal exchange of information. In business, external communication occurs with people outside the company, such as vendors and customers.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. B
Be prepared to provide an update. It is important for a meeting participant to be prepared to present the required information at a scheduled meeting. Being unprepared is unprofessional and inconsiderate of the other participants' time. Without the necessary information, the meeting may need to be rescheduled. Meeting participants should not monopolize the conversation. New company policies would be relevant only if they affect the project. Otherwise, they should be communicated outside the project-status meeting. It is not always necessary to take notes for the group.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 47-48]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. C
Positive body language. Body language involves communicating without words through facial expression, posture, eye contact, or physical distance. Ways that employees can exhibit positive body language include smiling at customers, maintaining eye contact, and walking towards them when they enter the business. This type of behavior makes customers feel comfortable and welcome and reinforces the idea that employees are service-oriented and interested in helping. Vast personal knowledge is helpful only if it is relevant to the business and its goods and services. Good training methods may help an employee realize the importance of being service-oriented. Effective pricing plans may attract customers, but the service they receive will have a major impact on whether they buy.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 185). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. D
During their initial contact. Most employees learn a lot about customers during their first conversation with the customers by listening, observing, and questioning the customers. This should not include asking personal questions. The way in which customers dress or speak would not indicate whether they will be difficult to help.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
15. D
Listen with an open mind. The employee should try to express concern for the customer by listening attentively and giving him/her a chance to express dissatisfaction or anger while presenting the complaint. Customer complaints should never be ignored. Since the fault may lie with the company, the customer, or be on both sides, it would be unwise to try to please all customers or defend the company in all cases.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 51-54). Mason, OH: South-Western.
16. D
Economic wants. Desires for clothes, lawn care, and CDs can only be satisfied by spending money. Therefore, these desires are considered economic wants. Noneconomic wants can be satisfied without spending money. A good is a tangible object that is useful, scarce, and transferable. A service is a productive activity performed by someone else for a fee.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
17. C
Place. Malls and shopping centers provide place utility by making many products available in one location. Time utility is created when products are available when they are needed. Marketing affects possession utility by making it easier to buy products, and form utility is indirectly affected through marketing research and planning.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
18. C
Marketing. Marketing is one of the primary business activities—as are financial analysis, human resources management, information management, operations management, and strategic management. Scheduling, designing, and supervising can be tasks or processes within one or more of the primary business activities.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
19. B
Cultural. Culture refers to the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. If businesses want to develop favorable relationships with foreign businesses, they need to recognize, understand, and respect other cultures. A business that does not learn about the cultural differences may do or say something to offend a foreign customer or potential customer. Political factors relate to the government issues. Economic factors are ways that a nation meets consumers' competing wants with limited resources. Intellect is a person's cognitive ability.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
20. C
Market. A market economy is an economic system in which the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. The government's role in business includes protecting private property, preserving law and order, and supporting a competitive trade environment. In socialism, competition is limited because the government owns most of the major industries. Competition is not allowed in communism because the government owns all the means of production and distribution. In a traditional economy, people produce only what they must have in order to exist.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
21. A
Received. In business terms, income is the money received. It is not money produced, supplied, or spent. Money spent is the money used for expenses, not income. In business, products are supplied or produced—not money.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
22. A
Capital goods. The use of specialized types of machinery to do specific tasks at high rates of speed is specialization involving capital goods. Capitalism is an economic system that is characterized by free enterprise. Natural resources are resources found in nature. Human resources are the people who use their skills in different jobs.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: EC LAP 7—Divide and Conquer (Specialization and the Division of Labor)
23. A
The inflation rate increases. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices. Although many factors affect the rate of inflation, it often occurs when unemployment rates drop. When more people are working (low unemployment), consumer spending tends to increase, which increases the demand for money. Tariffs vary by country and are not directly affected by unemployment rates. The amount of stock that is traded varies from day to day.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 62, 64-66). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
24. D
Directness and impatience. Because of cultural differences, some countries believe that U.S. businesspeople are rude and arrogant. This stems from differing viewpoints about time and work ethic. Americans tend to be direct and to the point—they often want to "get down to business" right away. Then, they can move on to the next issue or task. In this way, U.S. businesspeople have a very strong work ethic. However, businesspeople from other cultures often want to take time to get know the people with whom they do business, and they tend to take a more relaxed, leisurely approach to business encounters. Because Americans value time, they often become impatient with those who want to take more time for business activities. When this comes across in a negative way, others think these people are rude and arrogant. Politeness, honesty, and dedication are positive attributes, and most foreigners appreciate these characteristics in businesspeople. Being inflexible may be viewed as a strength in some cultures and a weakness in others. Being adaptable is a positive attribute to exhibit in any culture because it indicates that the person has respect for others and has tolerance for differences.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [p. 185]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
25. B
Dress conservatively. It is important for U.S. businesspeople to understand different customs and practices to avoid offending businesspeople from different countries and culture. When doing business in France, it is important to dress conservatively by wearing a dark or neutral- colored business suit. French people consider it rude to speak loudly and to arrive somewhere unannounced. Gift-giving practices depend on the specific business's policies.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). France. Retrieved August 2, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/france.htm
26. C
Gestures. A gesture involves moving the body or limbs in ways that expresses or emphasizes an idea, sentiment, or attitude. It is important for foreign businesspeople to understand that gestures, which may be appropriate or positive to people in one country, may be offensive to people in another country. Taking the time to research a country's culture and behavioral expectations can prevent foreign businesspeople from making embarrassing mistakes—mistakes that may affect the outcome of business transactions. Tone of voice is the specific pitch or quality of the voice used in speaking. Table manners are elements of body language. Gender differences are the different ways in which males and females are perceived in other cultures.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (n.d.). Brazil: Appearance. Retrieved August 2, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/brazil.htm
27. A
Patient. A patient person has the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. Exhibiting patience is important when doing business with foreigners because their customs and practices often differ from our own. In some countries, businesspeople make their decisions quickly, while businesspeople in other countries (e.g., China) take more time to make business decisions. If a foreign businessperson does not exhibit patience and behaves in an aggressive, conceited, or intolerant way, s/he may offend the Chinese businessperson and lose an important business deal.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Williams, D. (n.d.). China: Behavior. Retrieved August 4, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/china.htm
28. D
Women are not permitted to drive a car. Different cultures have different expectations and rules in relation to gender. In Saudi Arabia, women are not permitted to drive a car. The day of rest is often associated with religious traditions. Laws regarding the consumption of pork are related to religious practices. The “thumbs up” symbol is a form of nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). Saudi Arabia: Behavior. Retrieved August 4, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/saudi-arabia.htm
29. D
Patterns. When reviewing your education and experience to help assess strengths and weaknesses, look for patterns. What skills or talents get used repeatedly? What situations do you ignore or avoid? Although the situations may seem unrelated, you may notice similar reactions or behaviors. You are not looking for choices, talents, or mistakes.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths)
30. A
Competition. Jim's behavior illustrates his competitive spirit and recognition that one of the competitors he faces is himself. He competes not only with his coworkers but with himself to improve his performance. Negotiation involves reaching an agreement. Aggressive behavior is actions that ignore the rights of others or exploit them to achieve personal goals. Time management shows good utilization of one's time.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
31. B
It helps you enjoy your job. This will help you to feel good about your work, to do a good job, and to win your employer's approval. If you are interested in and enthusiastic about your job, you are not usually looking for new jobs. Motivating others is a benefit others get from your interest and enthusiasm rather than a personal benefit that you receive. Exploring other activities is an action that you should take to help in defining your own personality rather than a benefit that you receive from being interested and enthusiastic.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 187]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
32. B
Independent. Independent people are those who think and act on their own. They do not often seek advice from others. People who are dependent and/or insecure rely heavily on others. Egotistical people have an inflated view of their own importance.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
33. A
Accepting the consequences for the decisions he made. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. In the example, Tim admits that he made a mistake by not conducting computer backup activities, so he is accepting the responsibility for his behavior. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future, rather than promising not to make any more mistakes. It does not always involve making informed decisions because some people make decisions without knowing all the facts, or they make impulsive decisions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Nickles, J. (2008, June 18). 7 ways to take personal responsiblity and live a better life. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://mysuperchargedlife.com/blog/7-ways-to-take-personalresponsibility-and-live-a-better-life/
34. D
No. Joe would have only 30 minutes to meet with the vendor before he needs to return to the office. Managing work commitments in a timely manner involves allowing enough time to complete the most important tasks first. Joe had commitments that he needs to keep from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. and at 2:00 p.m. Because the vendor asked Joe to meet at a restaurant that was 30 minutes away from his office, he doesn't have enough time to meet with the vendor for one hour at 1:00 p.m. If the vendor is not available at an earlier time at a closer location, Joe must decline the luncheon invitation and schedule it at a time that is more convenient for both of them. It's not unusual for last-minute meetings to take place, if other commitments are not an issue. Therefore, the vendor was not being rude by asking Joe if he had time to meet. There is not enough information to determine if Joe had the authority to reschedule the training session. Moving the lunch reservation to 12:45 p.m. would not help because Joe would be 15 minutes late to his training session.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved August 8, 2011, http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
35. B
Positive, external. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior. It can come from within (internal), or from others (external). Positive feedback involves praise and tends to reinforce the behavior that led to the praise. Negative feedback involves criticism and makes you want to change or modify your words and actions.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
36. A
Anticipate. By anticipating, or expecting, change, we can plan for it and make a better adjustment to it. To resist or oppose change would be to avoid it or try to prevent it from occurring, which would keep us from moving forward.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 101, 162, 216]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
37. C
Share your own experiences. In some situations, the best expression of empathy is to share your own experience that is similar to or the same as the other person's. This lets those you are talking to know that you really do understand how they feel. It is important to be honest, but honesty should be expressed tactfully rather than in total frankness. Resisting involvement and keeping your distance would prevent the expression of empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
38. A
Motivating others to act. The last step in the persuasion process usually is motivating others to take action. You want others to do things your way or do what you want to do. If you have provided all the necessary information in a logical way, it should be fairly simple to get them to act. It might be as easy as just asking them. It is important to tell the truth all the time to build credibility. Before you can motivate others to act, you must make good suggestions and present your argument.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
39. C
To motivate members. Recognizing and rewarding accomplishments is an effective motivational technique. When the team is acknowledged, the individual members also are recognized for their efforts. They are rewarded for their contribution to the business. This motivates the team members to continue working together so they will continue to be recognized and rewarded. Businesses do not recognize and reward the accomplishments of work teams to obtain publicity, provide feedback, or recruit employees.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2004). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (4th ed.) [p. 274]. New York: Houghton Mifflin.
40. A
Paper money. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. Governments do not issue brokerage bills, and certified notes are not forms of currency.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Bekman, S. (2010, October 21). World paper money: How many countries currently issue paper money? Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://stason.org/TULARC/recreation/papermoney/4-6-World-Paper-Money-How-many-countries-currently-issue-p.html
41. D
The time value of money. The term "time value of money" refers to the increase of an amount of money as a result of interest or dividends earned. A basic illustration of the time value of money is money and the interest it earns in a savings account. Principal is the deposited amount, which is not modified. Opportunity cost is what you have to give up when you make a choice. In this case, the opportunity cost of depositing $100 is spending it on something else. Inflation has a negative impact on the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J., Dlabay, L., Hughes, R., & Hoyt, W. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 21). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. B
Variable expenses. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Developing a personal budget helps individuals better manage their money. Variable expenses are expenses that change from month to month, such as food, clothing, and entertainment expenses. Fixed expenses are expenses that do not change every month, such as rent and loan payments. Relational outflows and periodic investments are not budgetary categories.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 89]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
43. B
Loan. A loan is a sum of money lent to a person or business for a specific time period that is repayable with interest. Credit is the arrangement by which a person purchases now and pays later. A lending institution issues credit cards, which allow people to purchase now and pay later. The lender provides credit-card users with a limit within which they can charge purchases. The lender pays for the purchases and then sends the credit-card user a bill/statement each month that indicates the monthly minimum payment and interest charges due to the lender. It is important for people to pay credit-card balances responsibly so they do not accumulate so much debt that they cannot afford to pay the lender. Using credit for purchases helps a person build a personal credit history, which lenders consider when a person applies for a large loan to purchase a car or a house. An asset is something of value that a person owns. Credit is not an asset or a tax. Because credit is so widely used, it is not necessarily a privilege.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 170-172). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. B
Shredding old bank statements. One way that thieves obtain others' personal information (e.g., bankaccount numbers, credit-card numbers) is by going through trash cans and dumpsters. Using a paper shredder to destroy old bank and credit-card statements makes it more difficult for thieves to obtain personal financial information. Disabling computer virus software and storing passwords on web browsers lower the computer user's security, which increases the risks associated with computer hacking. Photocopying credit-card receipts is not an action that reduces the risk of identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Ward, S. (n.d.). 10 ways to prevent identity theft. Retrieved August 8, 2011 from http://sbinfocanada.about.com/od/insurancelegalissues/a/identitytheft.htm
45. C
Investments. There are a wide range of investments available to individuals who want the opportunity to increase their worth. Some investments are riskier than others, which means that individuals might lose money rather than make money. Certificates of deposit are safe investments because they pay a guaranteed amount of interest over a specific period of time. Collectibles are a riskier type of investment because the collectible, such as a baseball card, might lose value over time and not have any worth. Certificates of deposit and collectibles are not types of accounts or securities. Certificates of deposit earn interest while collectibles may or may not increase in value.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
46. A
Finance. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. Revenue is the business's sales or gross income. Revenue is one way of obtaining money, while debt is the amount of money the business owes others—its expenses. Operations refers to the overall management function that plans, controls, and monitors the day-to-day activities so the firm can continue functioning. Licensing is a permission that an owner or authority grants for another entity to conduct a specific activity. Payroll is the sum of money paid to employees in a given period and is one of many activities that the business's financial function monitors.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [p. 543]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
47. A
Information is accurate, accessible, and meaningful. The benefit of having written records of financial transactions is that information is accurate, accessible, and meaningful. Budgets help create physical, or written, records. Having written budget records does not directly reduce expenses, increase income, simplify accounting, increase investments, or reinvest profit. However, a budget does increase the likelihood of these things happening.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
48. B
That is when employees are anxious to learn. New employees are anxious to learn about the company; its policies, rules, and regulations; working hours; benefits; and any other factors that will affect them. Giving them this information at the beginning takes advantage of their desire to learn. Employees can start work without orientation, but they will need to ask a lot of questions that would have been answered in orientation. Orientation presents basic company information and does not try to teach employees everything at one time or focus on specific job tasks.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.r., Gerhart, B., & Wright P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill Irwin.
49. C
Data, expertise. Information contains facts or data that are presented in a meaningful way. Knowledge is the combination of data, expertise, and insight that an individual or business accumulates over time. The data, expertise, and insight come from internal and external sources, which are integrated and processed to create knowledge. Some forms of knowledge might include definitions, symbols, and creativity; however, competence, fabrications (lies), or transitions are not attributes of useful or meaningful knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Regional Knowledge Resource Kit. (2008, April 4). Information vs. knowledge. Retrieved August 8, 2011 from http://www.rkrk.net.au/index.php/Information_Vs_Knowledge
50. D
Transparent. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. Transparency is the quality of being just as one's seems—trustworthy. When employees have expertise or personal insight that can help the business achieve its goals, they should share their knowledge with their employers. Sharing knowledge means that the employees have a transparent attitude; they are willing to share their knowhow, and they are not deliberately concealing knowledge that will help the business achieve its goals. Although curious and cautious behaviors are desirable traits, they are not needed for effective knowledge management processes. Businesses do not, as a general rule, want employees to be argumentative.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Land, F., Urooj, A., & Nolas, S. (2006, December). The ethics of knowledge management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://is2.lse.ac.uk/wp/pdf/wp152.pdf
51. A
E-mail. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. The key to effective knowledge management is getting employees to share their "personal know-how" with managers and coworkers. Technology is often used to capture and share this knowledge. The best way for Kendra to share her discovery is by e-mail. She can construct her message and send it to many people at one time. Kendra would probably not post this information on the company's web site because this information is not meaningful to customers or web site visitors. A relational database stores linked or related information. Calling each coworker is not as efficient as sending an e-mail message.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [p. 395]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. A
Injunction. An injunction is a court order forbidding a business or a person to perform certain activities. For example, if a former restaurant-chain employee discloses to others a trade secret, such as the chain's fried-chicken recipe, the restaurant chain can request an injunction, which legally requires the former employee to stop circulating the recipe. A warrant is a legal document granting permission to do something, such as search a building or facility for evidence. An appeal is a request to review the decision of a lower court. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2011). Trade secret basics faq. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.nolo.com/article.cfm/pg/5/objectId/90781CA8-0ECE-4E38BF9E29F7A6DA5830/catId/1FBE2D95-203C-4D38-90A2A9A60C6FD618/310/119/FAQ/
53. A
Demand. Pricing is an important marketing function because it affects how much profit a business makes on the sale of a good or service. To make a larger profit, businesses cannot simply increase price because as the price of an item increases, demand for it decreases. Therefore, price also affects the demand for a good or service. Price does not affect the product's utility, or usefulness; its source; or its trademark.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
54. B
Telephoning the customer. In this situation, the most efficient way to obtain the necessary information is by telephoning the customer. The employee would need to know the customer's address to send a letter that requests the desired information. Even if the shipping and mailing addresses differ, this option is not as efficient as making a telephone call. Coworkers may not know the customer's shipping address. The Yellow Pages list business contact information. There is not enough information to determine if the customer is a business or an individual.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 612-614). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
55. A
Relevant. In order to make business decisions, companies access, store, maintain, and evaluate a variety of information (facts, data). To make appropriate decisions, companies need to make sure the information that they are basing their decisions upon are accurate and relevant. For example, information from an employee's performance review will not help the business determine how to price its products. The information should not be skewed (distorted) or inconsistent because this type of information could lead to poor decisions and undesirable outcomes. While positive information about the company is nice, it is more important that the information is honest, accurate, and relevant.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 483-484]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
56. A
Subject. When an employee composes an e-mail message, s/he places information in several fields of the message template before it goes to the message receiver. The "subject" field is an area in which the sender describes the topic of the e-mail message. The "subject" field immediately advises the message receiver about the type of information that the message contains. The message sender clicks the "send" button when s/he wants to transmit the e-mail message to the intended receiver. The message sender places the message receiver's e-mail address in the "to" field. When the receiver wants to respond to the e-mail sender's message, s/he clicks on the "reply" button.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 301-302]. Mason: Thomson South-Western.
57. D
The. Words such as “a,” “for,” and “the” are stop words, which are commonly used words that do not always add meaning to the primary search terms. For example, if the words, “the Pittsburgh Steelers” were entered in the query field, the word “the” would most likely be ignored by the search engine, which would focus on the words, “Pittsburgh Steelers.” However, there are exceptions to every rule. For example, the query “WHO” is likely to bring up results that contain information about the World Health Organization. If “the” is placed before “WHO” in the query, results are most likely to bring up information about the musical group, The Who. Cop, sew, and hat are less likely to be ignored when entered into a search engine query.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google.com. (n.d.). Google search basics. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=136861
58. B
Performs interrelated functions. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. For example, Microsoft Office combines a variety of programs that perform word-processing, spreadsheet, slideshow presentation, desktop publishing, and database functions. Some integrated software packages are customized to perform interrelated activities for a specific industry, such as travel and hospitality. Not all integrated software packages calculate breakeven points or include forecasting tools. Because integrated software options vary, the level of training that users need also varies.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2011). Integrated software. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/business-finance-encyclopedia/integrated-software
59. C
Web server. Web servers are computer programs that deliver web-site content. Some businesses install and maintain their own web servers. Because installing and maintaining web servers can be expensive, businesses often decide to pay a fee to a web host, which provides the server space to meet their needs. A PDF (portable document format) is a widely used document file format that was developed by Adobe. The format allows users to view content, but users cannot alter the content. The PDF reader is a software program that allows computer users to view PDF files. Many web pages are saved as PDFs; however, businesses often use other formats. A wireless router is a device that provides Internet access to laptop or portable computers without being directly connected to cable service. An affiliate partner is a business that agrees to promote and sell another business's products on the Web in exchange for a sales commission.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Think Quest. (n.d.). Posting your web page. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://library.thinkquest.org/13947/post.html
60. C
Creates a variety of evaluative reports. Project-management software has many applications and features that help businesspeople effectively manage both short- and long-term projects. One application of effective project-management software is the ability to generate reports that summarize a variety of information, such as expenses, timing, and activity data. Some software can provide cost and variance analyses. Depending on the type of software being used, it may also allow users the ability to integrate word processing functions in order to create custom or free-format reports. Because data are entered manually, project-management software cannot eliminate the coding problems related to human error. Project-management software does not provide job training, nor does it reduce the need to monitor costs.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 366-369]. New York: Penguin Group.
61. B
Daily sales receipts. A business maintains receipts for each sales transaction it processes. Sales receipts provide the business with different types of information including which products were purchased, the dollar volume of sales for a particular day, the form of payment used, and the number of customers who purchased items. Quarterly credit statements, cash balances, and inventory status records will not provide the gift shop with the desired information.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Traf-System People Counting Systems. (n.d.). Visicount: Customer traffic analysis software. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.trafsys.com/media/9774/visicountbrochure.pdf
62. B
Both manufacturers and service businesses rely on scheduling. Even though service businesses don't produce tangible goods, they still rely on scheduling to deliver their services in an efficient, effective manner (example = the postal service). Scheduling for business is not the same as personal scheduling; instead, it establishes a timetable to be followed during the production process. Most businesses rely on scheduling. Scheduling consists of two main activities, sequencing and timing.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
63. B
Following local fire ordinances. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. An important aspect of operations management is complying with safety laws, such local fire ordinances. Many jurisdictions require businesses to have a certain number of fire extinguishers and exits and may require businesses to post escape routes throughout the building. The finance function is responsible for determining how company resources will be invested. Advertising and pricing laws are related to the marketing function of business.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 661]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
64. C
Broken handrail on a stairway. Unsafe conditions are those physical or environmental hazards which are present in the workplace, such as icy steps or a slippery floor. Using machinery before reading the instructions, horseplay, and falling asleep on the job are examples of unsafe acts, which are behaviors or actions that may risk the safety of oneself or others.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-407). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
65. C
Point-of-sale. The customer was committing point-of-sale fraud, which occurs when someone attempts to cheat a business out of money at the time of a purchase. It may involve cash, checks, or credit cards. Price-ticket switching is a type of fraud by which a higher priced ticket is removed from merchandise and replaced by a lower priced ticket. Internal theft is any kind of theft by employees of the business. This kind of crime is often carried out by concealing goods under clothing, in lunch bags, purses, backpacks, pockets, or in the trash for later retrieval. Short-change fraud is a method of point-of-sale fraud in which thieves try to confuse cashiers into giving them more change than is due.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 110-112). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. D
Prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation; develop the production schedule. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Employees consider many factors when they prioritize their work, such as deadlines and the time it will take to complete each task. The first task that Randy should do is to place the order because this is the tightest deadline, and it will not take him very long to complete. The next deadline he has is to complete the PowerPoint presentation for today's meeting at 4:00. If he begins working on the PowerPoint at 1:00 p.m., he should be done with it by 3:00 p.m., which is an hour before the meeting. The last task on Randy's priority list is the production schedule because it is due the next day. Randy will need to make sure that he arrives at work early enough to finish the schedule in three hours. If Randy followed the sequence of the other options listed, he would not complete all of the work by their deadlines.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to prioritize at work. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2293060_prioritize-work.html
67. D
Concurrent. Concurrent activities are done simultaneously. Depending on the nature of the project and the types of activities required, some activities can be done at the same time, rather than in a sequential, consecutive, or chronological order.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group.
68. B
Time. Projects have a short life, so getting them done on time is important. Also, there is only so much time available. Project managers need to be able to plan and control activities to do the work in the amount of time that is available. Ideas, money, and statistics may be important aspects of a specific project, but time management is important for completing all projects.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
69. B
Identifying cost-savings opportunities for the current project. A post-implementation review is conducted after a project is finished. Therefore, there is not an opportunity to save money on the current project. There is an opportunity to identify ways to improve future projects, such as cost-savings measures, improving project planning methods, and improving the processes used by the company.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Taylor, M.D. (2003-2009). How to closeout a project. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.projectmgt.com/Files/Article-How%20to%20Close%20Out%20a%20Project.pdf
70. D
Be flexible. Unexpected situations occur during the course of a project. For example, a bottleneck in a particular process may cause problems. Or, a team member may become ill, which would cause delays. Therefore, it is important for project managers to be flexible. Flexibility may involve changing a process that isn't working or temporarily reassigning an ill team-member's workload to another person. Being flexible might mean that the project manager must work overtime or get additional resources or support from others.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 320-321). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
71. D
Open. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). Because Sheets Paper Company was best able to meet the retail chain's requirements, it was the vendor selected to fulfill the order. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). There is no indication that Elaine prepaid for this order. A standing order, sometimes known as a blanket order, is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
72. B
Wood. Manufacturers keep inventory of items that they need to produce their goods. Wood is an example of a raw material that a manufacturer might keep in inventory to produce items such as furniture, shelves, wall paneling, musical instruments, etc. Toothpaste, staplers, and chairs are examples of finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eNotes. (2011). Inventory types. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
73. C
Deadline driven. Establishing and stating deadlines is one tactic that businesses often use when negotiating with vendors. By providing the vendor with specific deadlines (e.g., shipping orders within 24 hours of order placement), the business is making sure that its requests are met. Limited authority is a negotiation strategy in which one party claims that s/he does not have the authority to meet certain requests. Bargaining involves “give-and-take” tactics by both parties to reach an agreement. Silence involves not speaking and is a good negotiating tactic to use when the discussion becomes heated or when the other party does not like what is being said.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Moore, D. (September 6, 2004). Use deadlines for powerful negotiations. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/4354.html
74. C
Scheduling. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Businesses establish schedules in order to have the necessary raw materials and the right number of employees on hand to produce the goods. Scheduling helps businesses to produce the goods that customers need and have those goods available when customers want them. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. Receiving is the acceptance of a shipment of goods.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
75. A
Clean floors. Businesses should thoroughly clean and maintain those areas that receive heavy customer traffic. Customers walking through a business on a daily basis track in dirt from the outside. Businesses should regularly clean the floors in order to maintain them in good condition. Customer traffic does not make it necessary to move displays, remodel space, or build exhibits.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
76. D
Comparing data. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Companies analyze different types of business activities including finances, marketing trends, sales, and production. One aspect of effective analysis involves comparing data. In many situations, comparing data from one period with similar data from another period will help a company determine if it is accomplishing goals, or if it needs to make adjustments to accomplish its goals. When employees are reviewing and analyzing financial reports and income data, they are not informing customers, submitting evidence, or influencing others' opinions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2011). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/curriculum/training-program/Business-Analyst-Skills/
77. C
Logic. Logic is a way to make sense of the facts—apart from personal or outside influence. The way information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others—not the way it is presented. And, style is the method for including others in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
78. D
People. When considering a career path, Gabe needs to consider his skills, interests, and values. Since Gabe gains satisfaction from being with and helping others, he might consider a career that requires a lot of interaction with people. Careers that focus on the gathering or manipulation of words and numbers are related to data or information. Environmental occupations often involve working with nature. Careers that relate to things involve working with tangible items (e.g., carpenter).
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 32-34). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. C
Give name clearly. Effectively beginning the interview is very important because first impressions are often long-lasting. One technique for getting off to a good start is to smile and give your name clearly when you greet the interviewer. This sends a positive signal to the interviewer and creates a good impression. It is inappropriate to tell jokes because the applicant probably does not know the interviewer personally. Interviewees should speak in a normal tone of voice. The interviewer should take the initiative.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 136-317). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. B
Personal. Personal references are those people who know you well but are not former employers. People who have limited work experience often include personal references on their résumés because they do not have many work references. Personal references may include people such as teachers, coaches, neighbors, or others with whom you have regular contact. They are in a position to comment on your strong points that would be applicable in a work setting. Family members should not be listed as references. Social and private are not types of references.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2011). Resume workshop-Experience section. Retrieved August 8, 2011 from http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/719/03/
81. B
Advance in their careers. Ongoing training and education helps workers learn the new skills that they need to perform their jobs and to advance in their careers. Because the business environment is always changing, businesses want to hire the workers who have up-to-date skills. Hiring workers with up-to-date skills is beneficial because the business can effectively compete in the marketplace, achieve its goals, and earn profits. The workers are recognized for their contributions to their companies, and often receive promotions and pay increases, which helps them advance in their careers. Ongoing training and education is a long-term commitment that helps a person to achieve long-term professional goals. The purpose of participating in ongoing training and education is not to assist workers in updating their résumés or encouraging them to change their work ethics.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 480-481]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
82. C
Stricter. Professional organizations frequently require prospective members to hold specific degrees, positions, or experience levels. Trade associations may ask applicants to document their backgrounds.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. A
Maintain a consistent and fair work environment. A firm's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. The purpose of the rules is to provide consistent behavior among employees, which facilitates a fair work environment. For example, suppose the business expects its employees to be at work by 8:00 a.m., and one employee consistently comes in late. If the late employee is not reprimanded for tardiness, it is not fair to the employees who are following the rules and being responsible. This can create more problems if the responsible employees who arrive on time must pick up the slack for the late employee. Rules of conduct do not ensure that employees are compensated in the same way, nor do the rules of conduct prevent conflict or reduce the need for professional development.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Code of conduct training. (n.d.). Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.conductcode.com/Code-of-Conduct-Training.html
84. A
Vice president of finance. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. A hierarchical chain of command provides structure and organization for the business. Large companies often set up their chain of command by department. For example, all of the vice presidents of various departments (e.g., finance, operations, marketing, etc.) report directly to the CEO. A regional marketing manager generally reports to the vice president of marketing. The production coordinator reports to the production manager. The board of directors consists of individuals who are selected by the shareholders (owners) to manage the corporation. The CEO reports to the board of directors.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [pp. 261-262]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. A
Technology. Organizational goals are the overall objectives that a group wants to achieve. Developing organizational goals provides the foundation for and direction to achieve the objectives or desired outcomes in the many functions of the business—operations, finance, marketing, etc. Technological goals can affect all the functions of the business. A goal associated with technological improvements, such as setting up an electronic data interchange (EDI) with all suppliers, can help the business streamline the purchasing process, which can reduce the business's expenses over time. Reducing the business's expenses over time will facilitate its financial and profitability goals. Because the goal is to establish EDI over three years, it is a long-term goal. Contingency is an alternative course of action rather than a type of goal.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
86. B
Job responsibilities. A business needs its employees to carry out their job responsibilities in order for the business to achieve its overall objectives or organizational goals. Management determines these goals and assigns job responsibilities to the employees who will accomplish the goals. For example, the primary responsibility of an accounts-receivable employee is to process the business's financial receipts. By fulfilling this responsibility, the employee is helping the business achieve its overall goal of acquiring income, so it can continue to operate. The benefits package does not affect the employee's role in helping a business achieve its goals. Employees are given specific goals to accomplish in relation to their jobs, which may or may not include some risk taking. Networking, which is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development, may or may not be an important aspect of an employee's job responsibilities.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Success Factors. (2011). Goal management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.successfactors.com/goal-management/
87. A
Project deliverables. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project—what the project will produce. The purpose statement defines the reason for the project. Schedule estimates approximate the timeliness of the workload throughout the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 75-76]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. B
To identify and better manage all project activities. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. Project objectives are provided to stakeholders in the statement of work (SOW) document, which may also include information about the costs associated with the project. Although it is important for project managers to provide team members with feedback to improve their performance levels, this is not a primary reason for developing a WBS.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Gido, J., & Clements, J.P. (2003). Successful project management (2nd ed.) [pp. 103-104]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
89. D
Technical. Effective project managers possess basic technical skills. Although many project managers don't perform the technical tasks that the team members do, they still need to understand the technical aspects of the project to answer questions, give directions, and solve problems. Interpersonal skills involve the ability to communicate, interact, and build relationships with team members. Persuasion is the ability to influence others' opinions or actions. Negotiation is the ability to reach an agreement with another party. Interpersonal, persuasive, and negotiation skills are very important skills for project managers to possess; however, these skills do not directly relate to understanding how team members actually perform their work.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003-2010). Project team management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.businessperform.com/project-management/project_team_management.html
90. C
Objectives have been achieved. When a project closes, it ends. Before closing a project, all members involved with the project—the project manager, project team members, and the stakeholders—must determine that the project objectives have been achieved. After all of the involved parties agree that the project objectives have been achieved, then they conduct activities to close the project, such as obtaining feedback about processes, preparing final reports, dispersing equipment and supplies, and releasing project team members. Some project team members may resume regular duties; however, some team members are contracted workers and their employment ends when the project ends. The project manager, team members, and stakeholders do not need to agree that resources have been used efficiently or that the project stayed within budget to close the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 332-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
91. B
A customer complains that her/his new cell-phone battery quit working after one week. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. If customers complain that goods are breaking or not working after a short period of time (e.g., cell phone batteries), there may be a product-durability problem. After a problem is detected, the business can determine why the problem is occurring and then take steps to fix the problem, which will restore or improve the quality of the product. Returning a sweater that is a wrong size, complaining about the way a steak has been prepared, and returning a software package because it does not work with a computer are examples of compatibility issues.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: Plaisted, R. (2008, February 23). Product durability, do consumers care? Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.organicconsumers.org/articles/article_10578.cfm
92. C
Guides continuous improvement efforts throughout many levels of the organization. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) is a software program designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs, and performance levels. An advantage to using CMMI is that it can help guide improvement for projects, for departments, or throughout the overall organizational structure. CMMI software does not provide the business with confidential information about competitors, implement online permission-based marketing efforts, or summarize changes related to the gross national product.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute. (2011). CMMI: Overview. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.sei.cmu.edu/cmmi/
93. D
Increased sales. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. A potential benefit of improved processes is increased sales. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. Continuous quality improvement processes can increase productivity (outputs), which lowers costs and increases profits.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (n.d.). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality-improvementcqi.html
94. D
No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management. Business policies are the rules or guidelines that employees must follow. One reason that businesses develop credit policies is to protect the business from financial losses. Offering credit to a customer who does not meet the business's credit criteria may be costly to the business because the customer may not be able to make installment payments for the product. Employees who bypass these types of policies without proper authorization from management are breaking company rules, are not behaving ethically, and are, in many situations, fired for such behavior. Although some businesses have flexible policies, not all businesses do. Governments regulate credit practices, but they do not require businesses to offer credit to individuals and businesses that have poor credit scores or do not meet basic criteria.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 267-268). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
95. A
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit-card numbers). Another way that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information, which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll, rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Harwood, M. (2009, July 28). TJX settles data breach for $9.7 million. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.securitymanagement.com/news/tjx-settles-data-breach-97-million005941
96. D
Government fines. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Compliance with the law is an important aspect of risk management. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. A substantial financial loss can hinder the business's ability to achieve its goals. Increased inventory and decreased quotas are not risks that are directly associated with failure to comply with laws.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
97. B
Setting goals. The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. An important aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes. All other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—are affected by the planning function. Monitoring work is an element of the control function of management. Training employees and assessing their performance are elements of the staffing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). How to do planning. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://managementhelp.org/plan_dec/plan_dec.htm
98. D
Reallocating resources. The organizing function of management sets up the way the business's work will be done. Often, managers such as Caitlin need to reorganize employees' workloads in order to accomplish the business's goals. Providing employees with feedback is a controlling activity. Providing employees with training is a staffing activity. Establishing goals is a planning activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.teamextension.com/content/five-basic-functions-management
99. D
Necessary skills. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important aspect of staffing involves hiring employees to do the work. To hire qualified employees, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Investment goals, communication methods, and reimbursement procedures are not primary staffing considerations when a manager decides to hire a new employee.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Taleo Corporation. (2011). Staffing management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.taleo.com/research/g-staffing-management-19.php
100. C
A manager disciplines an employee for inappropriate behavior in the workplace. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. An important part of guiding workers involves disciplining them when necessary. Sometimes, when employees are not doing what they need to be doing, managers need to discipline them. This might involve telling them that certain behaviors are inappropriate. Interviewing job applicants is a staffing activity. Coordinating tasks is an organizing activity. Recommending changes is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.teamextension.com/content/five-basic-functions-management
Test 1065
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Express. An agent is a person or business that is authorized to conduct certain business activities with third parties on the behalf of another person or business (principal). When the principal provides the agent with express authority, the principal gives specific directions, often in writing, to the agent who is handling certain business matters for the principal. Provisional, temporary, and unlimited are not widely used terms to describe types of legal authority in agency relationships.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Blackburn, J., & Klayman, E. (2005). The legal environment of business (7th ed.) [pp. 321-322]. Boston: Pearson Custom Publishing.
2. C
Control pollution. Pollution is a growing problem that affects many large cities as well as small communities throughout the world. In an effort to control pollution, many countries have established environmental regulations that require businesses to develop clean and fuel-efficient operating and production systems. These systems protect the environment from industrial pollution and help to preserve natural resources. Many of these regulations also require businesses to control the amount of waste and dispose of it properly. Environmental regulations are intended to conserve resources. A business's operating and production systems are not intended to collect samples.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2003). Business law today: The essentials (6th ed.) [pp. 666-667]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
3. B
To read useful information. Business employees often read written material to obtain useful information that they can use to apply to a specific task or problem. For the information to be useful, the sources must provide relevant, valid written material. For example, employees might read industry publications to identify trends so the business can take steps to remain competitive. Industry information is relevant and valid and useful to businesses. It is not important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material to compile a database, understand business communication, or prepare a routine message.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 612-614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. B
Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas. This process is called steppingstones or triggers, and it is encouraged in brainstorming because one person's ideas can easily trigger new and different ideas. It is not considered stealing, but instead is an important part of working together to build on each others' ideas to find more ideas. Adding a steppingstone idea to a brainstorming list is not a form of evaluating the original ideas. All ideas are considered equal in a brainstorming session, including those that are very outlandish or outrageous.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Dubrin, A.J. (2004). Leaderships: Research findings, practice, and skills (4th ed.) [pp. 338-339]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
5. A
Who knows the most. Interaction among the group members has a lot to do with the topic at hand—and who knows the most about it. The members want to know who knows the most about the subject. This may or may not be the oldest member of the group, the group member who asks questions, or the one who was in charge of the previous group.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
6. A
Ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses. Companies may prefer that their employees format business correspondence in a specific way to ensure consistency within the organization. To save time and effort, Ann should ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses, such as the block format or simplified format. Developing the letter in a variety of formats is an inefficient use of time.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. A-10 - A-12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
7. A
Creates desire. A persuasive message is intended to change a person's mind or to convince someone to take action. For the message to be effective, it should create a desire in the person to do what the message wants. It should present a good reason or potential benefit that will persuade the reader. Otherwise, there may be no incentive for the person to do what the message wants. Persuasive messages often are assertive, but they should not be aggressive. Persuasive messages do not describe a process or summarize an issue.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-334]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. A
Benefits and risks. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. An important aspect of developing an analytical report involves providing recommendations for a course of action related to the issue, opportunity, or problem. When providing recommendations, the writer should clearly state both the benefits and risks associated with the recommendation, so the reader(s) can make informed business decisions. Analytical reports may discuss a particular product, a project, or the business's budget, depending on the report topic.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 407-413]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. C
Methodology. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. The methodology section of the report outlines the research plan. It appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why they were selected. The results section reports the research findings. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, which is considered the research results. The recommendations section is the last component presented in the report. The introduction appears at the beginning of the report and discusses the purpose and significance of the research project.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Bates College. (2011, March 7). The structure, format, content, and style of a journal-style scientific paper: Materials and methods. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://abacus.bates.edu/~ganderso/biology/resources/writing/HTWsections.html#methods
10. A
Company policies. Supervisors and employees need to communicate with each other on a regular basis in order to function effectively. One type of information that supervisors often communicate to employees in writing is information about company policies. Supervisors want to make sure that employees understand company policies so that they will be able to work efficiently and accomplish company goals. Providing this information in writing ensures that it is available to employees at all times. Personal opinions and workplace rumors usually are communicated verbally. Supervisors usually do not communicate community news to employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Greene, C.L. (2012). Entrepreneurship: Ideas in action (5th ed.) [pp. 284-286]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
11. A
Image. Business image is the view or opinion that customers have about a business. Salespeople can improve the image of the company in the eyes of its customers by knowing company policies and procedures and being able to accurately interpret them to the clientele. Properly explaining policies will help to avoid misunderstandings and to improve the company's image. A routine is a regular course of action; goals are objectives to be met. Rules are regulations. A business establishes routines, goals, and rules in order to avoid misunderstandings with customers and improve its image.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B.A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. C
Voice their opinions in a loud manner. Customers who become loud and overbearing can be difficult to handle. Salespeople are often embarrassed and may wish to conclude the sale as quickly as possible. It is not difficult to sell something to customers who know what they want, ask for the salesperson's opinion, or indicate that they understand the salesperson's job.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
13. A
Buying new company equipment. An economic activity involves the exchange of something having monetary value for something else that has monetary value. Conducting meetings and developing an advertising budget are management activities. Complimenting a coworker may be good for the coworker's morale, but it is not an economic activity.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Brown, B.J., & Clow, J.E. (2006). Introduction to business (pp. 20-22). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. D
Buyer's. A buyer's market is described as the best time for consumers to buy. During a buyer's market, consumers can conserve their money by purchasing products at reduced prices. A seller's market is the best time for producers to sell and is characterized by large demand, small supply, and high prices. Monopolistic circumstances exist when there is only one supplier of a product and no substitute products are readily available. Productive is not a type of market.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
15. C
Users. Businesses should offer the users of their products safe, quality products. The business is the provider of the product, and it is generally not held liable when the user of its product abuses the product in some way. People who endorse a product are recommending it to others.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
16. A
Industrial union. Workers in the auto industry may all belong to the United Auto Workers, an industrial union. Industrial unions include a wide range of workers across an industry. Professional unions are common in the public sector and include teachers, nurses, etc. Craft unions, also called trade unions, include skilled laborers working in a specific occupation, such as plumbing.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5—Get United (Organized Labor)
17. D
Returns. The marginal output gained from hiring another worker is less than it was for each previous worker hired. There is no such thing as the law of diminishing production, output, or utility.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [p. 395]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. B
A lower rate of inflation. When a lot of people are out of work, they lose their buying power, which means less money is in circulation. Because unemployed people have less disposable income, the demand for goods and services is low, which tends to slow or lower the rate of inflation (rise in prices). The amount of monetary policies that the Fed establishes does not affect unemployment rates. When the GDP grows, an economic expansion is occurring, which indicates that people and businesses are spending money, and the unemployment levels are low.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 64-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. B
Language. Canada is a bilingual country in which French and English are dominant languages. Therefore, businesspeople there typically provide printed materials that include text written in both languages. The example is not an issue that relates to differences in time or space, and does not relate to creativity.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Roberts, K., & Taylor, S. (n.d.). Canada: Communication. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/canada.htm
20. A
Lengthy. Because German businesspeople are very detail oriented, it often takes them a long time to make decisions. As a culture, Germans tend to take time to plan and consider many alternatives before deciding on a course of action. By understanding that it may take time to get a response, foreigners can adapt to German culture by being patient with German businesspeople. Careful planning and paying attention to details take time, so decision making is not a swift, limited, or flexible process.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved October 10, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
21. A
Dining etiquette. In Argentina, business is often discussed over meals. Because dining customs and traditions vary by country, foreign businesspeople should learn about the proper dining etiquette before going to another country to reduce the risk of embarrassment. Putting your hands in your lap is considered poor table manners in Argentina. The tip that Cecilia provided Katherine does not relate to dress and appearance, spatial differences, or verbal communication.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (n.d.). Argentina: Behavior. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/argentina.htm
22. B
A dark skirt and jacket, low-heeled shoes, and no jewelry. By wearing a dark business suit, low-heel shoes, and no jewelry, Carmen is presenting a conservative, professional appearance. Casual slacks, a colorful dress, bold jewelry, and open-toe shoes are appropriate for casual and informal settings. A ball gown and high-heeled shoes are appropriate for very formal affairs rather than for day-to-day business meetings. There is not enough information provided about the short-sleeve white blouse or the slip-on shoes to determine if these items would be appropriate, conservative attire.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Williams, D. (n.d.). Japan: Appearance. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/japan.htm
23. D
Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public. When businesspeople visit a foreign country, they should try to learn about the culture so that they don't do something offensive. Before going to a foreign country, businesspeople should research the country's standards for appearance and dress. For example, wearing shorts or tank tops in Middle Eastern country is exhibiting an inappropriate appearance. Middle Eastern businesspeople would not take foreigners seriously and would be quite offended if they walked around in shorts and tank tops. Other aspects of the culture that foreign businesspeople may want to research include nonverbal behavior such as facial expressions and gestures and communication styles. Because government and religion are closely connected in many Middle Eastern countries, visitors should also understand the religious practices of Middle Eastern countries.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). United Arab Emirates: Appearance. Retrieved November 19, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/uae.htm
24. B
Religion. Religious practices and traditions are an important aspect of everyday life in Saudi Arabia. Muslims pray five times a day, so it is customary for Saudi Arabian businesspeople to leave a meeting for a few minutes during the day. Prayer is not a custom associated with speech, age, or punctuality.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). Saudi Arabia: Communications. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/saudi-arabia.htm
25. C
Nonverbal behavior. It is important for foreigners to monitor their nonverbal behavior or body language, so they do not offend Indian businesspeople. Gestures that might not be offensive in some cultures are offensive in others, such as putting your hands on your hips. Oral tradition is associated with verbal communication or language. Social status refers to a person's social class, which is often influenced by education, money, surname, title, occupation, and geographic location. Wearing the appropriate clothing is a consideration that relates to appearance.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: The WorldWide-Tax.com. (n.d.). India business practice and business etiquette tips. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.worldwide-tax.com/india/indpractice.asp
26. B
Improved ability to work outside a group. Improved ability to work outside a group is not a benefit of assessing your strengths and weaknesses. Assessing your strengths and weaknesses should improve your ability to form effective groups, as well as improve your ability to make decisions, increase your ability to handle interview questions, and enhance the positioning of your talents.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 16—Got Potential?
27. C
Integrity. Your integrity involves the overall quality of your moral character. Honesty refers to truthfulness, fairness, and authenticity. Truth is an indisputable or accepted fact. The practice of cheating, misleading, or misrepresenting is known as deceit.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 416]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
28. C
Failing to accept responsibility for his actions. When you take responsibility for your actions, you accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future. In the example, Ned became defensive about a mistake that he made and blamed another employee. By blaming another employee, Ned is failing to accept responsibility for his actions, which were pulling and packing an incorrect item. Ned is not offering to correct the customer's order, nor is he acknowledging that he made a costly mistake.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Payne, S. (2010, January 10). Accepting responsibility for your own work. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.helium.com/items/1587239-accepting-responsibility-foryour-own-work
29. B
Planning ahead. If you plan ahead, you leave yourself enough time to complete important tasks, which is important when unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. Scheduling activities too close together may be stressful, particularly if unexpected situations or delays occur. When you focus on the unimportant details, you are wasting time and energy. Managing work commitments does not always involve organizing others' activities.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (2006-2011). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (Part 1). Retrieved November 10, 2011, http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
30. B
Irrational. Thoughts and feelings that are not based on fact are often irrational or unreasonable. While such fears are very real to the people who have them, they must be overcome so that they do not interfere with the individuals' lives. Such feelings may be overcome by sensible, reasonable, or logical thought processes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 366-370]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
31. D
Team. A team is a group of people who work cooperatively together to achieve common goals. In the example, establishing a school store is the common goal of the team that Jamie has been asked to join. A boycott is a union strategy in which union members refuse to buy a company's products. A strike is a union strategy in which employees stop working and leave their jobs. A media channel is an individual medium that transmits a message to the public (e.g., radio, television, newspaper).
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2007). Fundamentals of organizational behavior (4th ed.) [p. 213]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
32. C
Each member agrees to the same course of action. A consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member—every member must agree to a decision or outcome. In consensus building, every group member has an equal level of power, so there are no leaders. Voting is a decision-making method in which votes are counted for or against an alternative, and whichever alternative has the greatest number of votes, wins. With consensus, no member wins because each member must agree with the decision. Majority rule is not a consensus because most, not all, of the members make the decision.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard!
33. A
Contingency. Contingency plans are specific guidelines that are used when responding to undesirable circumstances. Corrective, external, and open are not terms that are widely used to describe the process of developing or carrying out an alternative course of action.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens
34. B
Fear the unknown. A change leader is someone who has the ability to guide or direct others with the intention to transform or alter something. Change leaders often run into problems when people resist change. People resist change because they are afraid they won't be able to adapt to the change. People also resist change when they are content with the way things are, distrust the change leader, and like the status quo. When people are content with the way things are, they often do not share their ideas because by doing so, change may occur.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
35. C
A loan for $6,000 @ 8 1/2% interest for 1 year. The amount of simple interest is calculated by multiplying the amount of money being borrowed times the interest rate, times the length of time for which the loan is made. In this case, $6,000 x 8 1/2% x 1 = $510. The $5,000 loan will have an interest payment of $1,750. The $4,000 loan will have an interest payment of $2,160. The $7,000 loan will have an interest payment of $1,120. Time is a very important factor in determining the cost of using credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. B
Paying credit-card balances on time. Credit allows a person to purchase now and pay later. Building a good credit history involves using credit responsibly, which includes making credit-card payments on time. It is important to build good credit because lending institutions look at a person's credit history to determine if s/he should receive a loan. When an individual has a poor credit history, s/he may not be able to obtain large loans to buy a car or house or to start a new business. Responsible credit involves striving to maintain a high credit rating, looking for the lowest interest rates possible, and limiting the number of credit cards they use. Although it is a good idea to seek counseling to reduce unmanageable debt, this action is taken when a person has not used credit responsibly.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 154-157,161,172, 183). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. C
24-hour account access. One of the advantages of using an online brokerage firm is 24-hour access to your account. Many self-directed investors like being able to access this information at any time without having to call or visit their broker. Online brokerages do not offer personal guidance from a live broker or many additional financial products and services. Online brokerages usually have low commissions rather than high ones.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2009). Brokers and online trading: Full-service or discount? Retrieved September 15, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/broker/broker2.asp
38. B
Ownership. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called ownership investments. Mr. Daly purchased real estate, which is property that consists of buildings and/or land. Real estate is a type of ownership investment. Securities are the legal owning or lending agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments. Stocks are shares or units of ownership in a corporation. Escrow is a type of account in which money is held in a trust until the money can be transferred to the designated receiver.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 251-254). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. D
Bias. Bias is the preference for a certain outcome or perspective. Accountants have to guard against their own bias, such as looking for what they expect to find, as well as that of managers whose estimates may have been colored by what they are trying to achieve in the company. Bias can be unintentional or intentional. Accountants desire transparency and want to provide transparency so that everyone can easily see how they arrived at their figures. Acceptance enables companies to compare their performance with that of other companies or with other time periods. Businesses generally provide evidence to auditors.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Gunn, J.L. (2008, May). The gray area of bias. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.camagazine.com/archives/print-edition/2008/may/regulars/camagazine4977.aspx
40. B
Interest. Some businesses receive cash in the form of interest, which is money payments for the use of borrowed money. One way that businesses obtain interest is by charging their customers interest in exchange for the ability to purchase goods and services on credit. Salaries, equity, and taxes are sources of cash flowing out of a business.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
41. C
Equity. Assets a company already owns and can use to finance a new venture are called equity. Dividends are sums of money paid to investors or stockholders as earnings on investments. Return on capital is a component of working capital management that refers to how well a business is generating cash flow in relation to its invested capital. Accounts payable refers to money the business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Nature of Finance)
42. D
Train. Businesses often assign new employees to work with experienced employees who will be able to help train them. Current employees can help new employees learn their jobs and provide them with information about company procedures. Coworkers would not be asked to supervise, question, or test new employees.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Greene, C.L. (2012). Entrepreneurship: Ideas in action (5th ed.) [p. 331]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
43. D
Easy to communicate and quantify. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. In some cases, tacit knowledge might evolve from a gut feeling or intuition about something.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Hanley, M. (2010, October 20). Differentiating tacit and explicit knowledge. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://michaelhanley.ie/elearningcurve/differentiating-tacit-andexplicit-knowledge/2010/10/20/
44. A
Low efficiency. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Tacit knowledge is often acquired by trial and error, which occurs by repeating tasks and activities over time. When an employee devises effective shortcuts or techniques that increase personal productivity, the employee has tacit knowledge. When employees are unwilling to share tacit knowledge that will improve efficiency levels, it takes longer for the company to achieve its goals. Employees who share tacit knowledge may improve the business's efficiency and create a more open and cohesive work environment, which will reduce the competitiveness among employees.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Goodman, J. (2008). Leveraging tacit knowledge for competitive advantage. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.ark-group.com/downloads/tacitexec.pdf
45. C
Incident-management software. Incident-management software helps the company to detect and record production issues. As a result, it can help employees to identify problems, share information, and work together to solve problems, such as bottlenecks in the production process, more quickly. Mind-mapping software facilitates creative thinking and product innovation. Public domain technology, such as software and databases, are not owned by any one entity and can be used by the general public for free or for a fee. An accounting database stores financial data such as sales transactions.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: ITIL. (n.d.). What are the benefits of incident management tools? Retrieved October 20, 2011, from http://www.itilsurvival.com/what-are-the-benefits-of-incident-managementtools.html
46. D
Protect its trade secrets. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. Nondisclosure agreements provide the business legal recourse if a competitor attempts to use the information for financial gain or benefit. Businesses do not ask their employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to avoid discrimination lawsuits, ensure their employees' privacy, or prevent copyright infringement. Copyright infringement involves the unauthorized use of written or artistic works.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2011). Trade secret basics faq: How can a business protect its trade secrets? Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.nolo.com/article.cfm/pg/4/objectId/90781CA8-0ECE-4E38BF9E29F7A6DA5830/catId/1FBE2D95-203C-4D38-90A2A9A60C6FD618/310/119/FAQ/
47. B
Diagram. A business can use many different tools to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization. By diagramming the information, the business can draw relationships and make connections among different components of information. The business can analyze the diagram to determine efficiencies and inefficiencies within the business, or it can share the acquired knowledge with employees within the organization. The example is not using authority-based, statistical, or transcription techniques to capture and transfer knowledge within an organization.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Milton, N. (2003, November 20). Knowledge acquisition. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.epistemics.co.uk/Notes/63-0-0.htm
48. D
Hierarchical information. A hierarchy arrangement sets information in a certain order, rank, or level. The laddering technique is a tool that helps an organization to capture information and categorize it into a meaningful and useful order. The business can obtain information by collecting tacit knowledge from internal and external sources. The laddering technique, which can be implemented manually or with a computer program, can help a business organize the steps necessary to complete a certain activity or process. By doing so, the business might discover ways in which it can change the ordering system to increase efficiency, such as eliminating an unnecessary task or a task that is being performed twice. Horizontal communication occurs among individuals at the same level, such as coworkers.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Milton, N. (2003, November 20). Knowledge acquisition: Laddering techniques. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.epistemics.co.uk/Notes/178-0-0.htm
49. B
Product/service management. This marketing function involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Financing is not a marketing function but a business function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions. Purchasing is a business activity rather than a marketing function. Marketinginformation management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. D
Air pollution. Technology can sometimes cause problems, such as addiction to video games and air pollution resulting from automobiles, trucks, airplanes, etc. Problems such as lack of health care, oil shortages, and inflation have not resulted from technology.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
51. B
Find and replace. The find and replace function allows computer users to make changes to their documents quickly. This function is beneficial when working with large documents that contain multiple words or phrases that need to be changed. The cut function allows a computer user to remove text or graphics from the document. The paste function allows a computer user to place cut or copied text or graphics in the document. Although the cut and paste functions allow users to change words, they are not as quick as the find and replace function, which is one step. The header and footer function allows a computer user to place document names and page numbers into a document. The style and formatting function allows a computer user to organize the document's contents in a standard or consistent manner.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Microsoft. (n.d.). Find and replace text and other items. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/word/HP051894331033.aspx
52. D
Critical path. Many project-management software packages incorporate the critical path methodology into their programs. The critical path methodology uses algorithms to determine timelines, develops schedules for complex project activities, and proposes scheduling contingency plans, which reduce project delays. Presentation software creates computer-generated visual aids that support oral presentations. Demonstration and linear are not components of project management software.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 138-139, 366-368]. New York: Penguin Group.
53. B
Customer records. Most businesses maintain customer records that contain information about what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. By analyzing this information, businesses are able to plan future sales and promotional activities that will appeal to customers and encourage them to buy. Without this type of information, businesses might have no idea what customers will want to buy in the future. Businesses do not maintain advertising proofs, inventory systems, or operating procedures to help them plan future sales and promotional activities.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
54. D
Be accessible to customers at all times. E-commerce is a business trend that is expanding rapidly because of the Internet and the World Wide Web. E-commerce is changing the way companies do business because it allows them to be accessible to customers at all times. Customers who have access to a computer and the Internet can visit a business's web site and obtain information or shop online at any time of the day or night. As a result, more and more businesses are adding web sites to make their services and products available to customers at all times. The benefit to a business is often increased sales. The growth of e-commerce is increasing competition, which means that businesses often reduce prices and offer additional services to attract customers. Businesses do not use e-commerce to communicate with similar organizations.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 207-208). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. D
Expand into other markets. An environmental scan is a study of the external forces that influence a business's success. An environmental scan examines the business's competitors; social issues and trends; and government, political, and economic factors. An environmental scan provides information that helps the business make decisions, such as whether it should expand into other markets. Staffing adjustments and computer improvements are internal factors that a business considers when it wants to enhance its productivity. A business should always follow government regulations.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 84-87). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Identify trends. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Statistics can be used to identify trends. Trends indicate the general direction in which people or events are moving. If numerical data show that the demand for a product has been steadily increasing for several months, then the trend indicates that more people want or need the product. By analyzing this information, the business can determine if it wants to enter a new market. Or, if the business already sells the product, it can use the information to decide if the business should increase its production of or inventory levels for the product. Although statistics are used to analyze costs, inventory, and quotas, the information provided cannot be used to assess those situations.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved November 10, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
57. B
Media. The main factors in a business's decision about site selection are costs, labor, and community. A business wants to know how much money it will take to run its operations at a certain location, what kind of work force will be available, and how the community will react to its presence. Usually, businesses do not consider the media at a certain location, especially since technology has enabled people to access the media almost anywhere at any time.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
58. B
Zoning ordinances. Zoning ordinances are regulations that govern the ways in which land and buildings may be used in certain jurisdictions. In many towns and cities, land is designated for commercial (business) or residential use. Although zoning ordinances vary by community, they may regulate the size of the facility. In many situations, cities require that some buildings be designed to accommodate a certain style (e.g., American colonial). A company that wants to build a facility in a certain location must consider the city's zoning ordinances to make sure that the regulations are compatible with the company's needs and goals. Health regulations are laws that are designed to protect the health and wellbeing of society. A partnership agreement is a written agreement (contract) signed by business partners that specifies the terms of the partnership arrangement. The tax code outlines the tax obligations and laws that individuals and businesses must follow.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 744]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
59. D
Electrical equipment. Only trained employees should attempt to repair electrical equipment because of the possibility of injury from electrical shock or damage to the equipment. The alternatives are items for which most employees can provide preventive maintenance or minor repairs.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: OSHA. (n.d.). Electrical safety. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.osha.gov/Publications/electrical_safety.html
60. B
Complete accident-report forms. Many businesses require employees to complete an accident-report form immediately or soon after an accident. This form commonly includes questions about where, when, and how the accident occurred, who was involved, the cause of the accident, and other details. Attending safety training, redesigning work areas, and employee counseling are not routinely required after an accident occurs.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: OSHA. (n.d.). Forms for recording work-related injuries and illnesses. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.osha.gov/recordkeeping/new-osha300form1-1-04.pdf
61. C
Critical activities. Critical activities are the most important tasks to do and often need immediate attention. These tasks might involve solving a customer's problem or preparing a report for a spur-of-the-moment meeting. Listing critical activities often helps employees prioritize and plan their work, which can help them achieve their deadlines. Routine tasks, such as checking e-mail, are performed on a regular basis and often do not require a lot of time or thought. Accomplishments are things that have been achieved. Long-term goals are objectives that will take a year or more to reach.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: McFarland, A. (2006, June 14). How to prioritize your work. Retrieved October 10, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Prioritize-Your-Work&id=219970
62. C
Thread, buttons, and zippers from Tara and denim from Bill. Work efforts are often interdependent— workers rely on each other to accomplish a task or goal. In many situations, specific people are responsible for providing specific elements to complete a project or achieve a goal. In the example, Lauren needs several items from Bill and Tara so that she can perform her job of sewing the jeans. Because Bill is the fabric buyer, he is responsible for buying the denim so Lauren can make the jeans. Tara buys the small items needed to make the jeans, so she is responsible for obtaining items such as thread, buttons, zippers, snaps, and pins. Corduroy is a different type of fabric used to make various types of apparel items.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The Complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 95-100]. New York: Penguin Group.
63. B
Tim reviews an inventory-status report to determine if there are enough supplies on hand for the next project phase. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Project managers monitor the work effort to ensure that resources are available when needed and that the project activities are being performed properly in a timely manner. When a project manager reviews an inventory-status report to determine if enough supplies are available, s/he is monitoring resources, which is a controlling activity. Determining what will be accomplished is a planning activity. Coordinating tasks is an organizing activity. Reviewing the qualifications of project-team candidates is a staffing activity.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 320-321). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
64. D
Easier to manage. It is easier to manage vendor relationships when a company works with a small group of vendors. When the company works with fewer vendors, it has more time to cultivate long-term relationships with each vendor. Long-term relationships benefit both the company and the vendor because both businesses are willing to share information; are understanding of each other's needs, expectations, and limitations; and are more willing to work together to resolve conflicts that might occur. Working with a few vendors does not always provide the business with a wider product selection. A disadvantage to working with a few vendors is that supply interruptions are more likely to affect the company because it may not have easy access to another source that sells similar goods or services.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
65. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements, the vendor needs to custom make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. A
MRO goods. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies, janitorial supplies, employee uniforms, and work gloves. While none of these supplies will be part of the company's finished products—automotives—PVX uses these supplies on a regular basis to ensure that the manufacturing process runs smoothly. Raw materials are items in their natural state or condition, such as glass or steel. Work-in-process consists of the car parts and components that are no longer raw materials but are not completely finished yet. Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be marketed to consumers.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Inman, R.A. (n.d.). Inventory types. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
67. B
Gloves, coolant, and packing material. Businesses maintain different inventories that are based on their specific needs. Gloves, coolant, and packing material are examples of items that a manufacturing business might use to maintain, repair, or use to facilitate the production process. Toner and pencils are office supplies that are many businesses classify as MRO inventory. Manufacturing businesses need raw materials or work-in-process goods to make finished goods. Examples of work-in-process goods are petroleum, cloth, and buttons. Glassware and shirts are examples of finished goods. Photocopiers and fork lifts are types of equipment.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2011). Inventory types. Retrieved October 17, 2011, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html
68. B
$375.09. 3/10 net 30 means that the buyer will receive a 3% discount if the buyer pays within ten days of the invoice date and the entire invoice must be paid within 30 days. To calculate how much SSL will owe if it pays within 10 days of the invoice date, first determine the discount amount in dollars. To obtain the discount amount in dollars, multiply the order amount by the discount percentage ($386.69 X .03 or 3% = $11.60). Then, subtract the discount amount in dollars from the original order amount ($386.69 - $11.60 = $375.09).
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 350). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. D
Each organizational level and department should work independently in the continuous improvement process. For continuous improvement to be successful, the various departments and levels of an organization need to communicate with each other and work together. Objective information and customer feedback are essential if an organization is to determine what it does well and what it needs to improve upon. Then, the organization should make changes to its processes and outcomes based on the information and feedback. And, after changes are made, the organization should conduct further analysis to determine if its changes were successful.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: Toolpack Consulting. (2001-2011). Continuous improvement-A toolpack guide. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.toolpack.com/continuous-improvement.html
70. D
Cost of goods. Not all expenses incurred by a business are operating costs. The other type of business expense is the cost of goods expense, which is the money that businesses must pay for the goods that they sell or for the raw materials from which they make goods to sell. Retained earnings is the amount of a business's income that is reinvested in the business. Cost of living is the average cost of an individual's basic necessities of life. Lost income is the revenue lost by a business for various reasons such as poor sales.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 767). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. A
Business operations are smoother. Businesses that do not practice good maintenance are more likely to experience emergency repairs, injuries, and less customer satisfaction. Maintenance costs are part of the operating expenses of a business and are not deducted from taxes. The business saves money by maintaining its equipment because the equipment will need to be replaced less often. Maintenance can be scheduled so that disruption of business operation is minimized. Operations are hampered by equipment that is not working properly or has broken down.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
72. B
Distribution. The function of business that involves the moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services is distribution. Companies should continuously analyze the areas of distribution (i.e., ordering, receiving, storing, and shipping) to ensure that each area is performing in the most efficient, cost efficient manner. Companies often analyze transportation services to compare rates and services. If a company finds that one company provides equal or better transportation services for less money, it might consider changing transportation vendors. Product management is a marketing function. Financial resources are sources of money such as sales income, investments, and loans. Production is the process of producing goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 454, 465). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. A
Gives you a way to measure your progress. Having specific goals and subgoals enables you to measure your progress towards your goals. Goal setting helps you raise your level of self-esteem, helps you to stay on task, and helps you to understand yourself; but these do not necessarily give you a way to measure your progress in achieving your goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
74. A
Subconscious mind. The sleep-on-it technique involves putting an idea aside for a day or two and sleeping on it at night. The subconscious mind keeps working even after people are asleep and will give them answers in any way it can. The dreams or nightmares that develop in the subconscious mind during sleep often provide answers to problems or generate new ideas for dealing with difficult situations. An individual's intelligence, natural ability, and curiosity are traits that often contribute to creativity during the day rather than during sleep.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Tirian. (2010, August 6). Having trouble being creative? Sleep on it! Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.tirian.com/articles/leadership-task-performance/having-trouble-beingcreative-sleep-on-it/
75. D
Reduced stress and frustration. Carrie's immediate problem is that she feels frustrated by not being able to balance her life. Time management can help her reduce the stress and frustration this causes by helping her get more done in less time. Enhanced self-esteem, increased organization, and increased productivity could also result from time management, but they are not currently the most meaningful benefits to Carrie.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
76. A
Company. Asking questions about the company and the job tells the interviewer that the applicant is very interested in the position. Oftentimes, the applicant will obtain advance information about the company in order to be able to ask good questions. Questions about fringe benefits, such as the business's vacation policy, may be appropriate, but they indicate the applicant's interest in what the job will provide, not the applicant's interest in the job itself. Questions about the interviewer would be inappropriate.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-69] Thomson/South-Western.
77. C
Seniority. Seniority indicates an employee's length of time with a business or organization. Businesses often take into consideration an employee's seniority when deciding who to promote. If all other criteria are fairly equal, businesses often promote the employee who has the most seniority. Union contracts and civil-service regulations usually specify that employees be promoted on the basis of seniority. Businesses should not promote employees based on their personality, nationality, or disability. In fact, it is illegal for businesses to base their hiring and promotion decisions on a person's nationality or disability.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 121]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
78. C
The consequences of breaking the rules. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. By explaining the rules and the consequences of not following them, employers are making sure that employees understand what is expected of them and what will happen if they break the rules. Depending on the situation, the consequences of breaking the rules might include a reprimand, suspension without pay, or dismissal. Why, who, and when the rules were developed are not important facts to discuss with new employees.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Jones, G.R., & George, J.M. (2006). Contemporary management (4th ed.) [pp. 450-451]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
79. B
Todd. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide structure for businesses. Because Carrie is the shipping supervisor, she would report to Todd, who is the warehouse manager. Todd reports to Sharon, who is the vice president of distribution and holds the highest ranking position listed. Pamela is the lead shipping clerk, so she reports to the Carrie, who is the shipping supervisor. As a part-time shipping clerk, David reports to the lead shipping clerk, Pamela.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [p. 250]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
80. B
Provide direction. Organizational goals are the overall objectives that a group wants to achieve. Developing organizational goals provides the foundation for and direction to achieve the objectives or desired outcomes. Depending on the nature of the group or organization, one goal might involve achieving a profit, although profitability cannot be ensured. Groups develop organizational charts to outline the chain of command or levels of authority. Organizational goals cannot establish loyalty.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
81. C
Organizational goals. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes that the business wants to achieve. After the business determines its goals, it plans, executes, and controls the strategies, policies, and procedures to do the work necessary to achieve the organizational goals. A product objective is one type of organizational goal that the business sets. The business may also consider profit margins in relation to pricing goals.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
82. A
Align with the organization's objectives. Employees perform tasks that help the business achieve its overall objectives. These tasks are based on individual goals that management sets for each employee. To be successful in achieving the business's overall objectives, the employees' individual goals must align with the business's overall objectives. If the employees' goals align with the overall organizational goals, the business is more likely to be profitable, although profitability cannot be guaranteed. The employees' work goals are not designed to achieve the employees' personal goals, nor do they always encourage creativity.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (2011) Setting smart goals. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/setting-smart-management-goals.html
83. A
Measurable, relevant. To ensure that managers are setting effective project objectives, they often use the acronym, SMART. SMART objectives are specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, and timely. The “M in SMART does not stand for motivating, mandatory, or memorable, and the “R does not stand for realistic, redundant, or reliable.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (2011) Setting smart goals. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/setting-smart-management-goals.html
84. C
Work assignment, task, and subtask. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. When dividing the work, the project manager first divides the entire project into work assignments. Then, each work assignment is broken down by the tasks that the assignment requires for completion. In some situations, each task has subtasks that need to be completed before moving on to the next task.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 86-87). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
85. C
Project managers are often responsible for coordinating the activities of team members from several departments. Many types of projects require the input and skills of team members from different departments—finance, legal, production, research and development, etc. When managing crossfunctional project teams, the project manager must understand each team member's role in the project so s/he can effectively coordinate all of the activities that need to be completed for the project. Although the project manager may be responsible for developing a budget for the project, the operations manager is usually responsible for developing the business's operating budget. Because team members have different experiences, skills, and perceptions, project managers may, in some situations, need to intervene and help resolve conflicts. Although financial-management expertise may be important, project managers must have effective communication skills in order to guide the team members' activities and help them to resolve problems and conflicts.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 269-270]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. A
Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person and is an important aspect of effectively managing a project team. Delegation involves matching project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform them. Because Nina gives Milton the authority to prepare the team's weekly status report, she is delegating responsibility. Bill is providing Peter with critical feedback. Stan is asking Joanna and Tom to help him brainstorm ideas to solve a problem. Anne is conducting a staffing activity by determining that Bob possesses skills that she needs for her project team.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003-2010). Project team management. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.businessperform.com/projectmanagement/project_team_management.html
87. D
Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes. Project managers and team members often meet at the end of the project (close) to discuss the things that went well during the project and the mistakes made along the way. Evaluating the successes and mistakes made during the course of the project helps the project manager and team members determine how to improve or better handle similar projects in the future. Obtaining resources, determining technology needs, and developing a production schedule are project-planning activities.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 335-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. C
Customer-satisfaction levels. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. One aspect of quality management involves customersatisfaction levels with the business's products. To gauge the customers' satisfaction levels in relation to product quality, the business monitors sales and obtains and evaluates customer feedback. If customers are satisfied with product quality, customer feedback is likely to be positive, and sales will be steady or will increase. If product quality is declining, customer feedback will likely be negative, complaints and returns may increase, and sales may decrease. Factors that may affect customer-satisfaction levels include the product's durability, product's performance, and customer service. The efficiency of the production process and the employees' performance levels do not always affect product quality.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2005). How to measure business quality. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.moneyinstructor.com/art/businessquality.asp
89. C
Incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software helps guide improvement for projects, for departments, or throughout the overall organizational structure. It is designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs, and performance levels. A feature of the CMMI software program is that it has an auditing function that compares the business's existing processes with the CMMI model to evaluate efficiency levels. The audit results guide the business's decision making by examining both the efficient processes and inefficient processes. By using the CMMI model, the business can integrate its successful processes with those suggested by the CMMI model, which can help the business's quality improve. The purpose of the CMMI quality management framework is to facilitate quality improvement rather than develop long-term financial and operating plans and comply with government regulations. CMMI can help the business improve the efficiencies of all of its resources; however, not all businesses use natural resources in their production processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute. (2011). CMMI: Overview. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.sei.cmu.edu/cmmi/
90. B
Increased revenue. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase productivity, which lowers costs and increases revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (n.d.). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality-improvementcqi.html
91. C
Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics. Employees must clearly understand the business's ethical standards and expectations. Offering ethics training can help employees understand the business's rules and ethical standards. Employees who do not have a clear understanding of the business's expectations in relation to ethical behavior put the business at risk. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. Because employees' experiences and beliefs often vary and because there are many gray areas in the business world, the business should not allow employees to follow their personal set of ethics or assume that the employees know what the business considers ethical behavior. Ethics are a set of principles that do not vary by situation.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics. Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
92. B
Return on investment risk. Cloud computing keeps businesses from having to invest in computer hardware, such as servers, and software, thereby avoiding return on investment risk. Instead, businesses pay a provider only for the services that they use—much like paying an electric bill. The contract with the provider can be ended at any time. Customers will probably receive better service since the business is not having down time when its computers malfunction. Speculative risk is the chance of loss or gain. Pure risk exists when, if something happens, it will result in a loss.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Wikipedia.com. (2011). Cloud computing. Retrieved November 10, 2011 from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_computing
93. A
Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. By putting the terms of an agreement or business arrangement in a written contract that both parties sign, the business reduces the risk of misunderstanding about what is expected and what will be provided. When agreements are not documented and a problem occurs, legal action may be required, which can be costly to the business. An invoice is a bill. A premium is a fee for an insurance policy. A warrant is a legal document issued by authorities that requires an individual or business to take a certain action.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 214]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
94. A
Material. Material resources are equipment and supplies used by businesses in their operation. Financial resources are all the sources of money available to the business. Human resources are people who work to produce goods or services. Natural resources are resources found in nature that are used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
95. A
What do we want to do? The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes—determining what we want to do. All activities carried out in the other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—depend on the answer(s) to the question, "What do we want to do?" Deciding who will do the work is a staffing activity. Measuring the success or achievement of goals is a controlling activity. Determining how to monitor the work effort is a directing activity.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2011). Management functions: Planning. Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/management-functions
96. B
Organizing. The management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done is organizing. Organizing involves determining how to best use the available resources (i.e., financial, material, human) in the most efficient manner to achieve the business's goals. Leading is guiding or directing the actions of others in a desired manner. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Management function of organizing: Overviews of methods. Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://managementhelp.org/orgnzing/orgnzing.htm
97. C
Establishing levels of authority. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Establishing levels of authority is an organizing activity. Motivating techniques are directing activities. Promoting employees is a staffing activity. Conducting performance reviews is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://www.teamextension.com/content/five-basic-functions-management
98. A
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. The staffing function identifies qualified candidates to perform the work. To identify qualified candidates, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Because Nadine is determining what skills are needed to operate the new computer system, she is focusing her efforts on the staffing function of management. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Training involves teaching or developing a new skill. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://www.teamextension.com/content/five-basic-functions-management
99. C
Motivating. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Directing often involves motivating employees, which is getting employees to strive to achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them. Managers motivate employees in a variety of ways, including providing positive feedback and encouragement as well as offering attractive compensation packages (salary and benefits). Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Coordinating work tasks is an activity in the organizing function of management, which involves setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2012). Directing function of management. Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
100. D
Rework. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. Because Pablo is initiating corrective action to fix a problem or output, he is engaging in the rework control process. Preliminary control is a form of control in which the manager takes action to prevent problems from occurring. Developing a contingency plan or an alternative course of action is often part of preliminary control process. Functional is not a term that describes a form of control. Control refers to the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
Test 1072
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. C
MON Company. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. In the situation presented, MON Company is the creditor because the company has the finances to extend credit to Mrs. Jones (the debtor), allowing her to pay later. Pedro Sanchez is an employee of the creditor. The location of the company is not a factor in determining the debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (2012, May 24). The debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.toolkit.com/small_business_guide/sbg.aspx?nid=P12_1110
2. C
Limited partnership. In a limited partnership, one or more partners has limited liability in terms of the amount of financial responsibility or the amount of involvement in the business. A sole proprietorship is owned by one person, and the owner has unlimited liability. A service organization is a provider of intangible products, not a type of business ownership. In a general partnership, all partners are liable for the debts or losses of the business.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
Asking for clarification. Effective listeners give full attention to what is being said and ask questions to make sure that they understand the message. Listeners who interrupt are focusing on themselves rather than the speaker. Judging the speaker's appearance distracts the listener from what is being said. Thinking of what to say next instead of listening to what is being said is a common barrier to effective communication.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 180-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. D
Follow-up with the customer after obtaining the requested information. When employees do not know the answer to their customers' questions, they should take steps to get the answers. This often involves researching the problem or issue. When extensive research is required, an employee should obtain the customer's contact information and call him/her back with the requested information after the research has been completed. The nature of the inquiry determines if literature should be sent to the customer or if another employee or manager should answer the customer's inquiry. For example, a question about a bill may be better answered by an accounts-receivable employee than a purchasing agent. And, in this situation, it would be inappropriate to send product information.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 129). Mason, OH: South-Western.
5. A
Information is complex. In some situations, it is difficult to give effective verbal directions. One situation is if the information is complex. Managers sometimes make the mistake of believing that all directions can be given verbally. However, if the information is complex and requires an extensive explanation, it may be better to provide verbal directions as well as written instructions or diagrams. If the complex information is difficult to understand, employees will be better able to follow the directions if they are presented in several ways. It is not difficult to give effective verbal directions if time is important, managers are organized, or employees are focused.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). How to give verbal instructions. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2108584_give-verbal-instructions.html
6. A
Practicing the delivery. When preparing to deliver an oral presentation, practicing the delivery is most important because it uncovers any problems with timing, transitions, note cards, visual aids, and even language. Conducting research, writing useful note cards, and choosing the best visual aid are all important steps, but they do not affect other areas as much as practice does.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9 Well Said!
7. A
Easily understand it. Effective written communications are those that are presented clearly, in simple language, and in an interesting style so that readers will easily understand the message. Written business messages do not need to be entertaining. When written communications are unclear, complicated, or difficult to understand, readers tend to lose interest and ignore them. Readers should not have to read written communications many times to find out what they really mean.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 23-25]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. C
No paragraph indents. Many businesses use the full-block method to format business letters. All components of the letter (date, address, greeting, body, closing, signature block) use left justification, which means all text is aligned on the left side of the margin. Writers using the full-block format do not indent the first sentence of each paragraph. Other formatting characteristics of full-block letters are the use of single-spacing within the paragraphs and the use of double-spacing between the paragraphs.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 564-565]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
9. A
Contact information. An inquiry is a request for information. Letters of inquiry are requests for information such as job openings with businesses, product specifications, prices, proposals, etc. To respond to an inquiry, the letter recipient must know to whom the information should be sent. Therefore, all inquiry letters should contain contact information the inquirer's name, telephone number, mailing address, and/or e-mail address. Skills and qualifications might be included in a letter of inquiry that a job seeker sends to a potential employer. Project specifications might be included in a request for proposal. Letters of inquiry do not contain attention-getting titles.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Luthy, M. (n.d.). Write inquiries. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.writeexpress.com/inquiry.htm
10. D
Weekly activity report. This is a brief summary of work accomplished that is submitted periodically for management's review. Periodic reports usually are short and informal. A project proposal is usually a longer and more formal report. Business owners and/or the business's executive management develop business plans and strategic plans.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Schatzman, B.E. (2004). Business communication essentials (p. 271). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
11. D
Receptive. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. Often, the analytical report includes recommendations for a business to take a certain course of action. If the writer anticipates that most members of the audience are receptive and will agree with the recommendations, then using a direct approach to structure the report is optimal. The direct approach involves writing the report so it focuses the attention on the conclusions and recommendations. If the writer anticipates a skeptical, argumentative, or indecisive audience, the indirect approach may be the best way to structure the report. The indirect approach involves preparing a logical argument that supports the recommendations and focuses on the rationale behind the recommendations. Intellect refers to a person's level of understanding about a topic or concept, which varies per person and is not necessarily related to the structure of the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 410-411]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Recommendations. The recommendations section is the last component of a research report and contains a proposed course of action (recommendation), which is based on the results or findings. The methodology section of the report outlines the research plan. It appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used in the study and why they were selected. The analyses section of the report describes the findings based on the assumptions made and the methodology used to obtain the data.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Walonick, D. (2005). Elements of a research proposal and report. Retrieved February 7, 2011, from http://www.statpac.com/research-papers/research-proposal.htm
13. A
Molly nodded and maintained eye contact as Ms. West explained the problem with her computer. Having a service orientation involves expressing a positive, helpful attitude with the business's customers. Employees' gestures and facial expressions convey their attitudes, which customers often believe is a reflection of the business's attitudes. Because Molly nodded and maintained eye contact with Ms. West while she was explaining a computer problem, Molly was indicating that she was listening and willing to help her customer. Employees are not exhibiting a service orientation by behaving rudely, which may include rolling their eyes, crossing their arms, and being impatient with customers. Tristan was demonstrating a service orientation through his verbal rather than his nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 97-100). Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. C
Flexible. While policies should be consistent, they should also be flexible or subject to interpretation. In some businesses, management interprets policies, while in other businesses, employees are allowed to bend the rules in certain situations. Rules that are strict, firm, or rigid would not be subject to interpretation, which might not be fair to all customers.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Greene, C.L. (2012). Entrepreneurship: Ideas in Action (5th ed.) [p. 284]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
15. B
Purchasing irrelevant technology. Having clear customer relationship management goals before putting a program into place helps businesses to avoid purchasing irrelevant technology or enacting inappropriate procedures. It will not necessarily keep businesses from having unsatisfied customers or having to lay off employees. Businesses will most likely need to spend money on CRM programs, but having clear goals will keep them from spending money unnecessarily.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. C
Human. In economics, people are valued for the work that they do to produce goods and services. This includes both mental and physical work. Natural resources are found in nature and are used to produce goods. Capital resources, also called capital goods, include all of the manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
17. B
Location. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Many businesses are located in places that make them easily accessible to consumers. Many types of businesses (e.g., small stores, service businesses) do not carry a wide selection of goods or have many salespeople. Their prices are often high.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
18. D
The main types of trade industries are retailers and wholesalers. Retailers sell to ultimate consumers, while wholesalers sell to other businesses. Trade industries do not modify or change the form of products. Instead, they are responsible for moving goods from producers to consumers or to industrial users. More than 80% of trade businesses are small, employing fewer than 20 people. These privately owned trade businesses have a great deal of flexibility.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20 Business Connections (Business and Society)
19. A
The Internet. The technology that has had the most influence on globalization has been the Internet. It is literally the "world wide web," connecting people and businesses across the globe. Television, inexpensive telephone service, and wireless connections have all contributed to globalization, but none so much as the Internet.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22 Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
20. D
Benefit society as well as business. Profits benefit society and business by making it possible for businesses to grow and hire more employees. Earning profits does not guarantee the life of a business. Profits make it possible for employers to provide training, but training was not mentioned in this situation. Profits do not increase sales; increasing sales increases profits.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Profit)
21. D
Income. Income taxes are levied on income earned from a job or other sources. Employers withhold income tax from their employees' paychecks, and submit the monies to the government at certain intervals. Estate tax is paid on inherited property valued above a certain amount. Property taxes are paid on land and buildings. An excise tax is often referred to as a "sin tax", and it is levied on nonessential products such as gasoline, cigarettes, and alcohol.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. C
Inputs and outputs. Productivity is the amount and the value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). The other terms are not related to the concept of productivity. The law of supply and demand states that the supply of a good or service will increase when demand is great and decrease when demand is low. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. In a monopoly, a single business influences the entire production of a particular good or service. Profit is the income left once all expenses are paid, and loss is the income that is lost due to poor sales, added expenses, etc.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
23. D
Personal consumption expenditures. Personal consumption expenditures include the final market value of all sales of goods and services purchased for direct consumption by an individual, by families, and by nonprofit organizations such as schools and churches. Personal consumption expenditures are one of the factors used to calculate gross domestic product (GDP). Private domestic investment, government transfer payments, and foreign trade deficits are other factors that are taken into consideration when calculating GDP.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
24. B
Although the Americans and British people speak English, the variations of the language can create barriers. In "American" English, Nigel said, "Hey Carolyn, I'm hungry. Would you like to go out for an appetizer, or perhaps a sandwich and fries?" The example indicates that vocabulary differences and word usage can create barriers and cause misunderstandings in the same general language. Both the British and Americans use slang. Because the example is written rather than spoken, it is not possible to determine if Carolyn was speaking slower and clearer than Nigel.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M.(n.d.). Great Britain: Communications. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/united_kingdom.htm
25. A
Translation problem. Before using a greeting or phrase in a foreign language, businesspeople need to make sure that they have the correct translation and pronunciation. Incorrect translations are embarrassing, and may offend the foreigners rather than impress them. The example may seem like a humorous situation to some people, but Hans did not intend to be humorous. The situation is a verbal blunder rather than a physical action or gesture. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures. There is no evidence that Hans has this belief.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (n.d.). Brazil: Communications. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/brazil.htm
26. D
Different cultures associate different meanings with color. Different cultures attach different associations to different colors. Therefore, it is important for businesspeople to know and understand these differences when conducting business in other countries. Nicole likely has positive associations with the color white, such as pure, clean, angels, brides, etc. However, Japanese people have negative associations with white because it symbolizes death and dying. After adding a red ribbon to the package, it's no wonder that Mr. and Mrs. Fukushima were confused, as red signifies luck to the Japanese people. Loosely interpreted, the gift wrapping indicates that Nicole is wishing them luck when they die. Because red is a bright color that has positive associations with it, one cannot assume that Japanese people prefer dark colors. In fact, the Japanese associate cheapness or low quality with the color gray.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Williams, D. (n.d.). Japan: Communications. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/japan.htm
27. D
Translation issues. Because some words are not easily translated into other languages, businesses must be careful when using an existing or selecting a new name for a product. By using an inappropriate name, a business might offend an international market segment. The meaning of the name is not an issue associated with pronunciation, readability, or the length of the product name.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [p. 200]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
28. A
Conservative pantsuit. Appropriate attire is an important consideration when doing business in another country. The Indian culture dresses modestly, so a conservative pantsuit is appropriate attire. In India, it is inappropriate for a person to show bare shoulders or legs, so a sleeveless dress is inappropriate clothing. Ornate jewelry does not project a conservative appearance. Cows are sacred to the Indian Hindus, so it would be offensive to wear a leather belt.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). India: Appearance. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/india.htm
29. D
True, humor can make people around you more comfortable. It also helps individuals to handle stress and maintain self-control, especially during trying situations. Humor is not an indication of dependability. Humor may make you a better leader by improving your attitude and your ability to show patience and tolerance.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
30. B
More than. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Employees with initiative usually do more than they are asked to do. This is why they are valued by businesses.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
31. A
Taking credit for others' work. Ethical employees give credit where credit is due rather than taking all the credit for accomplishments themselves. Sometimes it is difficult for employees to share the credit with others, but management often rewards employees who are honest. Admitting to all mistakes, using benefits appropriately, and telling the truth to managers are examples of ethical behavior.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4 Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
32. A
Accepting responsibility for his decision. Because Jack is willing to accept the risks associated with his decision, he is accepting responsibility for the future outcome of a certain course of action. A person who takes responsibility for his/her actions often accepts a certain level of risk, and is willing to admit, learn from, and rectify mistakes. Jack acknowledges risks, but he is not indicating that he believes that he is making a bad decision. Jack is not asking others to accept blame, nor is he requesting that his staff support his decision.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Edmunds, G. (2011, January 23). General information on accepting responsibility. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://acceptingresponsibility4self.com/responsibility/2011/01/23/general-comments-onaccepting-responsibility-3/
33. C
Suggest that they meet for lunch at 1:15 p.m. at a restaurant located between the airport and her office. Managing your commitments in a timely manner means that you allow yourself enough time to complete important tasks. An important aspect of allowing yourself enough time to complete tasks is making sure that you "pad" your time in case unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. In Jana's case, she has several important commitments in one day. It is important for Jana to meet with the Susan because she could provide the business with needed financial support. The best way for Jana to handle the situation is to suggest they meet for lunch between the airport and Jana's office at 1:15. This way, if Jana's meeting with her boss goes a few minutes longer than expected, she still has time to arrive for her meeting with Susan on time. Susan will have a rental car, so transportation is not an issue for her. It may not be convenient for Susan to meet with Jana the following week. Because Susan arrives at 11:30 a.m. and has a 45-minute drive from the airport, she could not meet at Jana's office at noon. A late meeting at the airport will not allow Jana enough time to get back to the office to lead her videoconference at 4:30.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
34. A
Positive. Employees with positive attitudes help to create a positive work atmosphere. Employees with negative attitudes expect the worst and may actually do the company harm by lowering the morale of fellow employees or criticizing the company. Employees who are neutral or indifferent would have little to contribute because of their lack of interest.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism
35. A
Showing an understanding of customers' feelings. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's situation. Salespersons can demonstrate their empathy by showing customers they understand how the customers feel. Giving customers reasons to buy is feature/benefit selling. Creating a favorable impression with the customer may be a result of showing empathy. Selling items to go with what customers have already purchased is selling related items through suggestion selling.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Empathy)
36. D
Interests. The key to successful negotiation is to focus on interests. Interests are the things that you and the other party want or need. You must consider the other party's interests as well as your own. Ability is a skill someone uses to perform a task through knowledge, training, and practice. When negotiating, one party may not necessarily know the other party's skills. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. Procedure refers to the step-by-step process someone follows when performing a specific task.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: QS LAP 3 Get to Yes!
37. D
Creativity. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. An effective leader must have the ability to be creative and be able to imagine a better way of doing things. Leadership demands imagination, enthusiasm, and openness to new ideas. A leader knows that out of a hundred off-the-wall ideas, there may be one that works. Discipline involves acting in a controlled manner. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: QS LAP 27 Follow Me!
38. B
Recognizing and rewarding progress toward the vision. One way that team leaders can show enthusiasm while enlisting others to work toward a shared vision is by recognizing and rewarding progress toward the vision. This will pass the enthusiasm on to other team members. Applying for promotions within the organization does not show enthusiasm toward the team vision. Team leaders should share the vision with all team members and make an effort to get to know suppliers and vendors as well.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
39. D
Cultures. The cultures of ethnic groups from all parts of the world are the customs, habits, and traditions that have been developed over time. Many people whose ancestors are from other countries retain their cultures and celebrate different holidays. The United States has one government that is a democracy which includes many different courts; but these were established to carry out different kinds of legal functions, not because U.S. citizens are from all over the world. Sanctions are trade restrictions placed by one country against another country that is violating international law.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20 Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
40. A
Credit cards. They do not qualify as a medium of exchange because they only delay payment; they are not the payment itself. Legal tender and currency are two names for the same thing: government issued specimen that are accepted as payment for goods and services. Bonds are an example of legal tender.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Investopedia.com. (2012). Medium of exchange. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mediumofexchange.asp#axzz25hjB0X28
41. C
The first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing how you spend your money understanding your spending habits is the first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing your spending habits does not guarantee that you will exceed your financial goals. Although it's helpful to know how many checks you expect to write in a month, you don't need to understand your spending habits to open a bank account.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
42. B
Subtract fees and charges. To complete checkbook balancing, Matt needs to subtract fees and charges. Some financial institutions charge a monthly fee on bank accounts, especially those with less than a certain balance. They also have charges for new checks, bounced checks, etc. All of these charges must be subtracted from the balance in the check register to obtain an accurate monthly balance. Interest is added to, not subtracted from, the check register balance. Matt does not need to call the bank for a new statement just because the latest deposit is not on his current statement. He does need to subtract fees and charges and add any interest before he can consider everything done.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. B
Call the car dealership. It is more important for her to contact the credit agency and have them contact the dealership. She should file a police report immediately, because doing so will allow her to take legal action against the identity thief. Checking her credit report to make sure that it has not been affected is also something she should immediately do.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.) About identity theft. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/about-identity-theft.html
44. B
Avoiding. Avoidance is a risk-response strategy that involves choosing not to do something that is considered risky. Transference is a risk-response strategy that involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or something else. Mitigation involves reducing or controlling the impact of a risk if it occurs. Acceptance, also known as risk retention or assumption, involves accepting a risk's consequences because the potential payoff is higher than the losses.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
45. C
Filing tax returns online. Filing tax returns online (via the Internet) is a quick, easy way to transmit tax information to government tax agencies. By electronically transmitting tax returns, businesses reduce the lead time that is needed to send the documents by postal mail. Electronic transmission also eliminates the risk of loss by the postal service. The purchasing department usually obtains quotes for the business. Tax codes are established by the government. Small businesses do not use accounting software programs to develop institutional policies.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). About QuickBooks software. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5027301_quickbooks-software.html
46. C
Cost of goods. Cash payments are the specific sources of money flowing out of a business. Cash payments include cost of goods, variable expenses, and fixed expenses. Cost of goods is the amount of money a business pays for the products it will sell and often is a sizeable expense. Previous month's balance is the amount of cash a business has left at the end of the previous month. Total credit sales equal the amount of purchases that customers make on credit and will pay later. Interest from loans is income, often from credit sales.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6 Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
47. C
Financial ethics. An important aspect of financial ethics is making sure the business makes a profit and serves the best interests of its stakeholders (e.g., employees, customers, investors). This would include honest communication, transparent financial reporting, and fair pricing practices. Creative processes, maintenance activities, and forecasting methods are important business considerations; however, these activities are not directly related the business's profitability and the stakeholders' best interests.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). Financial ethics will improve the profitability of your small business. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/fraud/a/Financial_Ethics.htm
48. B
Reduces turnover. The purpose of orienting new employees is to introduce them to the business and their new work environment, which includes supervisors and coworkers. When new employees are oriented properly, the turnover rate decreases because the new employees feel comfortable in their new surroundings and understand their role. One cause of high turnover among new employees is a lack of proper orientation because they do not know what is expected of them. Orienting new employees does not necessarily increase profit or eliminate training. The purpose of orientation is to provide information.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Barbazette, J. (n.d.). Make new employee orientation a success. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ideasandtraining.com/New-Employee-Orientation-Article.html
49. D
A willingness to share expertise. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. To leverage knowledge, employees must be willing to share information with their coworkers and managers. When employees are willing to share their ideas and expertise, it often makes it easier to resolve problems, develop new (tangible and intangible) products, and find connections among seemingly unrelated processes that will enhance efficiency.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 395-399]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. C
Camilla is exhibiting ethical behavior by passing along personal knowledge to help Cecily learn how to do her job. Many times, employees find ways that help them manage their workload things that aren't always written in their job descriptions. This personal knowledge is acquired by trial and error, which occurs by repeating tasks and activities over time. Personal knowledge might include tips that help the employee work with or around deficit computer processes, or shortcuts that eliminate waste or improve efficiency. If Camilla did not provide these tips, it would likely take Cecily more time to become proficient at her job, which can affect the company's efficiency and ability to achieve its goals. Therefore, Camilla is behaving in an ethical manner by providing Cecily with tips and personal knowledge. Until Cecily gets acclimated with her job, she will not know if she has a better way to complete tasks than the way that Camilla suggests. There isn't evidence to indicate that Camilla would provide incorrect information.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Keyes, J. (2008, September). Identifying the barriers to knowledge sharing in knowledge intensive organizations. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.newarttech.com/KnowledgeSharing.pdf
51. C
Employees' knowledge is limited to a specific part of the process. By limiting the amount of information employees have about an entire process, there is less risk that the company's trade secret will be revealed. For example, to protect Kentucky Fried Chicken's secret breading recipe (11 herbs and spices), the company mixes small increments of the breading in different locations. Then, the company collects and mixes the smaller increments to create the famous recipe. By fragmenting the mixing process, no single employee knows all of the ingredients. Fragmentation of processes does not replace the need to copyright written or artistic works, eliminate the need for non-compete agreements, or reduce the need to monitor all aspects of the production process.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Inc.com. (2009, December 1). How to protect your trade secrets. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.inc.com/magazine/20091201/how-to-protect-your-trade-secrets.html
52. A
Comparing and ordering concepts. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. An important aspect of knowledge management involves capturing the expertise, insight and information, so the business can use it in meaningful ways. A business can use many different tools to capture knowledge in an organization. Sorting techniques allow the business to compare all of the data and information that it has collected, categorize it, and place it in a meaningful order or sequence. This process allows the business to look at all of the knowledge that it has gathered in different ways. This often helps the business determine efficiencies and inefficiencies within the business. Sorting techniques often help a business determine if any of the information that it has collected is confidential or relevant. After sorting and analyzing the information, the business may decide to take corrective action by changing some of its objectives.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Cairns, G., & Tolstenkov, A. (2011, September). Capturing tacit knowledge. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.iaea.org/nuclearenergy/nuclearknowledge/schools/NKMSchool/archive/2011/pdfs/d2/3_4-Capturing-Tacit-Knowledge.pdf
53. D
Annabelle calls on her customers to determine if they need additional products. A company should communicate its business goals to its employees, so the employees understand how their work contributes to the company's growth and well-being. A sales goal is just one of many types of company goals. Sales are critical to the company's financial well-being because they generate income and profit for the company. Annabelle is taking action to increase sales because she is calling on her customers with the goal of making sales that meet their needs. Kevin is advising a customer about a policy change. Although Nancy is taking advantage of lower prices by ordering additional inventory, there is no guarantee that the inventory will sell. Increasing prices may increase the profit margin, but it doesn't result in higher sales. In fact, if the prices are too high, customers may not purchase the product, and sales may decrease.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
54. B
An opinion. It is important to separate opinion from fact, when analyzing information. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief. In the example, the author (Dr. Garrett) is expressing her opinion about another individual's (Dr. Sanderson) research. The author does not provide specific facts or data to support her opinion. Facts contain true data or information. Hearsay is gossip or rumor.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Ertl, S. (n.d.). Fact vs. opinion. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.learnnc.org/lp/pages/4017
55. B
Fire. Businesses should manage their information in ways that minimize risk. A natural risk is the possibility of loss resulting from natural causes such as floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, fire, etc. To minimize losses due to natural causes, businesses should keep hard copies or digital backups of crucial business records in a different location. A tax audit is an example of a financial risk. Failing to upgrade or keep up with new technical products is a technological risk. Businesses often have confidential information (e.g., customer credit-card information, business trade secrets), which should be secured to prevent risks associated with the invasion of privacy.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
56. B
Track their appointments. Cellular telephones are available with many options. Many cell phones have calendar and scheduling applications that allow users to set and track their tasks and appointments. Cell phones may also include Internet access to check e-mail, text-messaging functions to send text messages to clients, and global positioning systems (GPS), which are navigational tools that help users to obtain driving directions.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). How to use a cell phone calendar. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4444117_use-cell-phone-calendar.html#
57. B
Integrated. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. An example of integrated software is Microsoft Office it consists of several related programs, such as word-processing (Word), spreadsheet (Excel), presentation (PowerPoint), and database (Access). Trajectory software is used to measure velocity, wind drift, momentum, etc.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2012). Integrated software. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.enotes.com/business-finance-encyclopedia/integrated-software
58. B
Audio conferencing. Audio conferencing is a communication method that allows several individuals to simultaneously hold a discussion by telephone. Although each person is in a different location, each person can speak and hear all of the conference participants. Switchboards and teleprompters are not business tools that allow several people to communicate simultaneously. Video cameras record data in a digital format.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: InterCall. (2011). Audio conferencing services. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.intercall.com/services/audio-conferencing/
59. B
Schedule tasks. Project management is the process of planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of a project to achieve a specific goal. There are computer-software programs available that help businesspeople manage their projects. The software can help businesspeople determine the resources that they will need to complete the project, such as materials and supplies, people (e.g., contractors, employees), and money; however, the software does not handle the hiring process. Software can also help businesspeople schedule the various tasks needed to complete the project on time and within budget. Businesspeople do not use project-management software to establish credit or authorize payments.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The Complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 366-367]. New York: Penguin Group.
60. B
$1,197.52. Many businesses generate account statements to summarize their customers' purchasing activities and amounts due for a specific time frame. Because the customer sent a partial payment for a purchase, the balance due should be added to the next statement. To calculate the balance due, first subtract the amount paid from the original purchase amount ($2,456.29 - $1,725 = $731.29). Then, add this figure to the total of the most recent purchases ($731.29 + $466.23 = $1,197.52). The customer owes Webster $1,197.52.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 349-351). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
Award purchasing contracts. Businesses maintain records about their vendors and use the information in the records to award contracts to the most appropriate vendor. When selecting a vendor, a business usually wants to buy from the vendor that offers the best price for the value, has reasonable delivery terms, and favorable credit policies. By comparing the information about each vendor, a business can make an informed decision about the best vendor. This type of information does not help a business to negotiate higher discounts, monitor inventory levels, or follow safe shipping procedures.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
62. C
Elevators. Governments develop regulations to ensure the public's safety. Government regulations require businesses to have their elevators inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that elevators are running correctly. During the inspection, the inspector might identify problems with the elevators that compromise the employees' and visitors' safety. By identifying the problems, the business can repair the elevators, so they operate correctly and are in compliance. Photocopiers, computer networks, and portable cameras are equipment rather than a component of the facility.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing, and Regulation. (2012, September 6). Safety inspections-elevator and escalator safety inspections. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.dllr.state.md.us/labor/elev.html
63. B
Improper lifting. Many people hurt their backs because they have not learned proper lifting techniques. They lift a load that is too heavy, stand too far from the load, or use their back and arms to do the lifting. Poor posture and sitting in one position may cause some problems, but are not common causes of back injuries. Hard physical labor does not necessarily cause back injuries.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Demby, G. (2005, May 24). Provide basic lifting instructions to prevent back injuries. Retrieved September6, 2012, from http://www.safetyxchange.org/health-safety/providebasic-lifting-instructions-to-prevent-back-injuries
64. B
To protect the integrity of the business's logo. Trademarks protect unique symbols, designs (e.g., logo), or words that businesses use to identify their brands. A business can legally protect its logo from unauthorized use by registering the logo with the appropriate government agency. If an unauthorized entity compromises or uses the logo in harmful, embarrassing, or negative ways, trademark protection provides the business with legal recourse. Copyrights provide legal protection for written, musical, and artistic works. Patents are obtained to legally protect inventions and certain types of processes (e.g., unique manufacturing processes) for a limited amount of time.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 796-800]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
65. A
Prioritizing. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. When employees prioritize their work, they evaluate several factors, including due dates and the time it will take to complete a task. In Luke's situation, he determined that he needed to start acquiring bids before working on the inventory report, even though the report was due before the bids. Because Luke realized that he had to allow vendors time to provide the bids, he needed to give them the order specifications promptly. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to others. Luke is not delegating, simplifying, or communicating information about his workload to others.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Snell, S. (2011, April 21). 7 tips for prioritizing tasks effectively. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://vandelaydesign.com/blog/business/how-to-prioritize-tasks/
66. A
Sequential. When one task needs to be completed before another task can be started, then the work must be done in sequential order. As the example illustrates, each employee depends on another employee to perform a task before s/he can perform his/her assigned task. The work is not being done in a reverse, informal, or flexible order.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group.
67. D
Cut costs. In some cases, the amount of money you think you will need will not be possible to obtain. When this happens, the most realistic approach is to look for ways to cut costs. If your ideal budget is based on getting everything you want or would like to have, consider substituting inexpensive materials for costly ones, or making do without some supplies. By cutting costs, you will be able to proceed with the project. It is not necessary to lower your expectations because, in most cases, you will be able to complete the project by making some substitutions. Decreasing the amount of time that is allotted for the project will not necessarily make up for a lack of funding. Eliminating the project is not a good choice, either.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19 Get What You Need
68. D
Keeping their prices down. Purchased items, such as supplies, services, or raw materials, add to the final cost of a manufactured product. Purchasing can help to keep prices down by keeping costs down. Purchasing is not responsible for product promotion. Limiting shipment of goods would cause customer complaints. Maximizing inventory investment would increase expenses and make the company less competitive.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
69. B
Lead time. Lead time is the amount of time it takes a vendor to process and deliver an order. Lead time is affected by many factors including the distance from the shipper to the recipient, the type of transportation the vendor uses, and the type of product. For example, a custom-made product usually requires more lead time because part or all of the product is not produced until the order is placed. If a product takes three months to produce, the buyer should make sure to order the product at least three months before it is needed, and should make sure to add delivery time. Quantity discounts, unit pricing, and billing issues are important factors that the buyer considers when placing an order, but they do not directly relate to the delivery date.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 206-209). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
70. C
Solving problems together. Trust, honesty, and collaboration help a business build positive, long-term relationships with its vendors. When the business and a vendor collaborate, they work together to solve problems and implement strategies that will help both of them achieve their business goals. Limiting communication, negotiating too aggressively, and withholding information may hurt a business's relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 114-115, 122-123]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. B
Standing. Standing orders involve sending products at set intervals. This type of purchase order is ideal for businesses that need the same amount of an item on a regular basis. In the example, SOA Manufacturing may need the bolts to produce its products. Because SOA knows that it generates a set amount of outputs in a certain amount of time, it advises its vendor (Colbert Company) to ship a certain amount of bolts at intervals every other week. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). A seasonal order is an order that is placed for seasonal merchandise, such as snow shovels or beach umbrellas. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity).
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: WebFinance, Inc. (2012). Standing order. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-order.html
72. B
Buttons, cloth, and thread. Raw-materials inventory are goods (inputs) that are used to make a finished good (output). Buttons, cloth, thread, and zippers are examples of goods used to make clothing (finished goods), such as shirts. Sewing machines are equipment used to combine the inputs to create the outputs or finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2012). Inventory types. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
73. C
Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses. By assessing a vendor's strengths and weaknesses before entering a negotiation, a business can plan strategies to use that will strengthen its own position during the negotiating process. Planning and developing effective strategies can help the business obtain desired discounts, favorable service options, or cooperative advertising support. And, the business may make fewer concessions during the negotiation because it analyzed the vendor's capabilities before beginning negotiations. To obtain a favorable agreement, the business should strive for a win-win attitude. Adopting a win-lose attitude and using overly aggressive tactics may backfire, and prevent both parties from getting what they want from the negotiation.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 470-475]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. D
Improve quality and reduce inefficiencies. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. Six Sigma builds upon previous goals to set higher goals in order to continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, reduce inefficiencies and waste, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. If these actions are successful, the business's profits may increase. As a quality-control framework, the primary purpose of Six Sigma is not to eliminate resources, lessen decision making, influence regulation, or decrease outputs.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: Levine, D.M. (2006, June 9). Fundamentals of Six Sigma. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ftpress.com/articles/article.aspx?p=470223&seqNum=2
75. B
True, when an employee wastes time, the company is losing money. When employees waste time, they do not produce as much for the company as they could. This means the company is losing money because of the drop in productivity the amount and value of products produced from set amounts of resources. Employees can and should try to be as productive as possible, but this does not mean they should try to work when they are ill.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
76. C
Validate an action. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Conducting an analysis helps the company determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to take corrective action, so it can accomplish its goals. Companies analyze many types of situations. In the situation provided, the company had implemented a new process and wanted to verify that the process was generating favorable results. The purpose of the business analysis was not to formulate a plan or to solve a problem. Organizational waste may be reduced as a result of the new process, which may or may not be a consideration used to validate the success of the new process.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 407]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
77. A
The nature of the job. The nature of the job often dictates how one dresses for work. For example, a person who routinely works around a lot of heavy, dangerous equipment might need to remove jewelry or wear specific types of clothing for protection from serious injury. Personal preferences, business-image considerations, and corporate-casual dress policies are factors that affect how a person dresses for work but are not necessarily related to the nature of the work.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
78. A
Activities that must be done next month. A daily "To Do" list contains the activities that a person plans to accomplish the next day rather than in the next month. This list should be prepared at the end of one day for the next day and should be based on the activities that appear on a weekly master list, activities that were previously scheduled for the upcoming day, and new activities that have surfaced during the day and must be completed the next day.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1 About Time (Time Management in Business)
79. B
Aptitude test. An aptitude test measures what a person is capable of doing and what s/he might be capable of doing with additional training or education. Interest surveys measure interest in various occupations. Intelligence tests measure current knowledge. Personality tests measure personality traits.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 174-175]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
80. A
License. Employees in certain professions must be licensed, which means that they must pass an examination to prove that they are qualified. The license verifies that the individual has completed the necessary training and met specific state, local, or professional requirements. Some careers that require licensing include nursing, medicine, teaching, engineering, finance, accounting, cosmetology, and child care. A sponsor is a business, individual, or organization that pays the costs of promotion. A charter, or certificate of incorporation, is a permit issued to operate as a corporation. A patent is legal protection of an invention or a process granted by government to its owners for a certain number of years.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 330). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. A
Spelling. The words "advertisement" and "apply" were misspelled in the opening paragraph. These errors will create a negative impression on the employer. Before submitting a letter of application, you should check for correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation. The opening paragraph does explain the reason that you are writing the letter the purpose of the opening paragraph.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 54]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
82. A
Develop leadership skills. Participation in professional associations provides many opportunities for both personal and professional development. Many organizations plan seminars to help their members develop leadership and communication skills. An association might schedule a seminar to help their members understand stress, but the seminar will not eliminate stress. Organizations do not help their members prepare for rejection or fund personal projects.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 265]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
83. D
Ask their managers to clarify the policies. Employees need to follow their employers' rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. If an employee is unsure about a workplace rule or procedure, then the employee should ask his/her manager to clarify the business's policies. If the employee violates the company's rules of conduct, the employee may be reprimanded. Employees should verify the rules of conduct with their immediate or human-resources managers. Coworkers may not know about certain workplace policies, or they may communicate incorrect information. If an employee follows his/her own instincts, s/he may not be following the company's rules of conduct. Employees can simply ask their managers about workplace rules it isn't necessary to conduct a formal investigation.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Williams, J.W., & Eggland, S.A. (2005). Human relations for career success (6th ed.) [p. 57]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
84. C
Christopher Franklin, senior buyer. As the senior buyer, Christopher Franklin reports to Tiffany Evans, who is the manager of the purchasing department. Elizabeth Curtis reports directly to Christopher Franklin. Logan Grear most likely reports to the warehouse or distribution manager. Quinn Montgomery reports to the accounting-department manager.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [p. 249]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. C
Order. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes that the business wants to achieve. Order goals are those that are designed to control or prevent behavior that may have a negative effect on the business. For example, order goals address ethics and legal issues and expectations in the workplace. Product goals relate to the goods and services the business produces. Profit goals are related to pricing goals. Short-term goals are goals that take less than a year to achieve.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
86. B
Perform their jobs in efficient ways. To achieve its organizational goals, a business relies on its employees to perform their jobs in the most efficient, accurate, safe, and cost-effective ways. The organization's mission statement is developed by the organization's owners or management team. The mission statement acts as a guide for owners and managers, when they are establishing organizational goals. Managers, rather than workers, delegate the workload.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Success Factors. (n.d.). Goal management. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.successfactors.com/goal-management/small/
87. D
Scope. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables. The scope statement is a component of the SOW that clearly defines the things that the project will do, as well as the things it won't do. The scope statement clarifies the boundaries of the project. The outcomes, risks, and constraints are issues discussed in other components of the SOW.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 74-77]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. D
Divide the workload into independent work packages. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. The related activities in each component make up the work package. Work packages help the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor project activities. After dividing the entire workload into independent work packages, the project manager can determine timeframes, monitor the work, and evaluate the quality of the work after the activities have been performed.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 102]. New York: Penguin Group.
89. B
Communicate clearly. An important aspect of effectively managing project teams is communicating objectives, directions, and expectations clearly, so the team members understand what they are supposed to do. Conflict can be managed, but not eliminated. Grievance procedures are the formal method of settling disagreements between workers and employers. Making decisions will not help project-team members understand objectives and expectations.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (n.d.). Manage project teams. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.project-management-knowledge.com/definitions/m/manage-projectteam/
90. D
How can we improve? During the closing phase of the project, the project team develops the "lessons learned" document, which summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future, such as process changes or additional staff support. To include the suggestions for improvement, the project team needs to answer the question, "How can we improve?" Questions regarding needed equipment, stakeholders, and risks are addressed during the initiation phase of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 334-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
91. D
Quality improvement. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Taking action to create better-tasting water is improving the quality of the end product water. Quality control is ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. After making the improvements, the company will need to ensure that its products meet the new standards of excellence by implementing different quality-control activities. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. Market development is the activities that a business implements to increase its target market.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2010). Quality improvement. Retrieved March 12, 2010, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quality-improvement.html
92. A
Lower costs. Quality management involves the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals in order to continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. Therefore, an important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is to continuously lower costs while improving quality. When quality improves, customer satisfaction tends to improve. To continuously improve, the business may determine that it needs to simplify activities, obtain better technology, or reevaluate its needs.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (n.d.). Six sigma: What is six sigma? Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.isixsigma.com/sixsigma/six_sigma.asp
93. A
Monitoring data. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. By monitoring various data, the business can detect problems, which can help the business identify ways or opportunities for improvement. After the business identifies opportunities for improvement, it can set goals to improve quality. The improvement goals may or may not include budget and resource issues.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (n.d.). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality-improvementcqi.html
94. C
Businesses that provide ethics-training programs can reduce the business's level of risk. By providing an ethics-training program, the business can advise its employees about its expectations in relation to workplace behavior. Because an employee's personal ethics may differ from the organization's ethics, it is important for the employees to have a clear understanding of the business's expectations. When employees don't have a clear understanding of the business's expectations, they put the business at risk. Businesses cannot assume that employees know their expectations. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. If employees cross ethical lines and break the law, the business may experience fines and obtain unfavorable publicity. Management sets the tone for ethical behavior, so it is important that managers set a good example for employees by exhibiting a high standard of ethics. By behaving ethically, the business can protect its reputation with customers, vendors, and the community.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
95. D
Surveillance cameras. By placing surveillance cameras throughout the facility, the business can monitor activities. Visible surveillance cameras tend to discourage robbery and theft. If an individual robs or steals from the business, the surveillance camera will provide a videotape of the activities, which increases the chances of catching the assailant. Electronic cash registers are used to process sales transactions. Kiosks are structures located in public places that are designed to provide information and sell products. Deadbolt locks are manual rather than electronic security devices.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 69-70, 185, 187-188). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
96. B
Captive insurer. When businesses cannot obtain commercial insurance to cover a risk, they may legally form insurance companies as subsidiaries or sister companies to cover the losses associated with the risk. These insurance companies are called captive insurers because they exist only to serve a specific purpose they are held "captive" by their parent companies. Lending institutions loan money to individuals and businesses. Generic provider and organic entity are not types of insurance providers.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2012). Captive insurance company. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.answers.com/topic/captive-insurance-company
97. C
Determining the division of labor. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Determining how to divide the work is an organizing activity. A mission statement, the firm's statement of purpose, is considered when conducting planning activities. Inspecting outputs and providing employees with feedback are controlling activities.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). Five functions of management & leadership. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/info_12025560_five-functions-management-leading.html
98. D
How will the company compensate this worker? Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training are staffing activities. When hiring an employee, the manager must consider how the business will compensate the employee. This involves determining the appropriate salary range for the job, insurance, vacation, and other benefits. The company's vision is a consideration of the planning function of management. Workload distribution is a consideration of the organizing function of management. Product quality standards are considerations of the controlling function of management.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Taleo Corporation. (2012). Staffing management. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.taleo.com/research/g-staffing-management-19.php
99. C
Initiating action. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Providing guidance or instruction about the proper way to perform a task is initiating action. Skill identification is a staffing activity. Performance evaluation is a controlling activity. Establishing a line of authority is an organizing activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2012). Importance of directing function. Retrieved September 6, 2012, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
100. C
Established goals. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. One of the main functions of managerial control is to make sure that the business's goals and objectives are achieved. To be successful, businesses must be able to achieve what they plan. By monitoring the actual results of various business activities, managers will know if the business is performing as planned and achieving its goals, or if changes need to be made. Hiring and purchasing are types of business activities. Safety regulations are established by governments.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
Test 1079
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Distinctive names and symbols. Intellectual property is a type of intangible personal property that many businesses own. Businesses are able to obtain protection for certain types of intellectual property through a variety of laws. For example, a business can protect its distinctive name and symbol by registering a trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a business to identify a good or service. By registering its trademark, others are prohibited from using or copying it without the business's permission. Original novels and movies are protected by copyrights. New products and processes, and creative formulas and ideas may be protected with patents.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 106-108]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Rights of business. Many governmental agencies are responsible for enforcing rules and regulations that are intended to protect the rights of businesses. Some of these agencies help to keep the marketplace competitive and protect businesses' trade secrets and formulas from being stolen. The agencies often develop a strong relationship with businesses in the process of protecting their rights. Governmental agencies do not protect the barriers to trade, the target market, or the monetary policy.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 5-6]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. C
Concentrating on remembering what the speaker says. One technique people use to improve listening skills is to make a conscious effort to try to focus and remember what the speaker says. Staying focused on the message and filtering out noise as much as possible improves the chances of remembering and accurately understanding the message. Listeners may want to be aware of their own body language (e.g., facial expressions, crossed arms) because their nonverbal cues are also being interpreted by the speaker and can affect communication. However, monitoring one's own nonverbal cues does not necessarily mean that the listener takes control of the conversation. Thinking about how to respond to messages while the speaker is talking is a barrier to active listening. To decipher a message accurately, the listener must not only pay attention to the speaker's words but also to her/his nonverbal cues and voice tone. Nonverbal cues are not necessarily more important than tone of voice.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 424-426]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
4. A
Yes, if the employee advises the customer that s/he will get the information and will respond to the customer as soon as possible. If an employee doesn't know the answer to a question, s/he should be honest with the customer. However, it is important for the employee to go a step further. This step might involve letting the customer know where s/he can find the information or for employee to obtain the information and provide the customer with an answer in a timely manner. Customers are more likely to respect an employee who is honest with them and is willing to do what s/he can to help them. Employees should not guess because the information they provide may be incorrect or misleading. Employees do not need to know every aspect of the business; however, they should learn enough about the business to know from where or from whom the customer can obtain the desired information.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 119-121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
5. A
Credibility. Credibility is achieved when the audience has confidence in the persuader. In this case, Dr. Browne's prestigious job title and degree lead the audience to believe she is a credible source. Reason is when logic is used to persuade someone to do something. It often involves solid facts and statistics. An emotional appeal affects the audience's feelings, such as sympathy or love. An appeal that uses shock value is a form of an emotional appeal that includes information that the audience would find shocking.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. D
A statement of the report's purpose. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. The first section of the executive summary should inform the reader about the purpose of the report—the reason the report exists. For example, if the report addresses a specific business problem, the report should cite the problem in the purpose statement of the executive summary. Recommendations are addressed in the recommendations section of the report. A letter of authorization might be included in a proposal that a business submits to a potential client. By signing the letter of authorization, the client provides approval to proceed with an activity or project. The first section of an executive summary does not acknowledge sponsors. Sponsors support activities, events, or projects rather than reports.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 456, 461, 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
7. D
Informal, because she knows the team members well and addresses them informally on a day-to-day basis. Short reports, such as emails, usually involve personal relationships where the communicators know each other well and comfortably address each other informally at the workplace and in written communications. Generally, email (especially those messages between people who know each other well) is used to quickly communicate, and therefore is written informally. A progress report gives members of a team or their supervisors information on the status of a project. It is not transmitted outside this group. Simple reports, such as those conveyed by email, do not adhere to the rules of a complex structured report. No title page or executive summary is necessary.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 306-317]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. B
Recommendations. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. A component of the analytical report is the recommendations section, which provides the reader with advice for resolving a problem or acting on an opportunity. The recommendations appear at the end of the report after background information, research, results, and facts have been presented. Writers should include logical arguments for analytical reports in which the topic is controversial, and the audience may disagree with some of the report's information. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade the audience to accept the conclusions. An analytical report may address external factors or the progress of an action, but including this type of information depends on the nature of the report's topic.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 410-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. B
Purpose of the study. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. A research report contains many elements. The purpose of the study states why the topic at hand is being investigated. The purpose of the study should be described in the report's introduction, which is at the beginning of the report. Stating the purpose of the study is important because it lets readers know what they are reading and why. Proposed solutions to a problem (recommendations) are addressed near the end of the document after the research has been presented. The appendices are segments that include supporting information, and are added to the end of a document. The bibliography contains the list of resources from which the writer obtained information for the report. The bibliography is generally placed at the end of the research report—after the recommendations section and before the appendices.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Trochim, W. (2006, October 20). Key elements. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/guideelements.php
10. B
Current salary. Certain information is considered personal and confidential and should not be shared with coworkers. An employee's salary is confidential information between the business and the employee and should not be divulged to others. Organizational tips, sales policies, and vacation plans are not considered confidential information, so it is generally okay for employees to share this information with coworkers if they want to.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 185). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
11. A
Customer. Recognizing customers and calling them by name makes them feel welcome and important to the business. They appreciate the recognition and are likely to return to the business. Positive management and employer and employee relations involve those in the work situation.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
12. C
Telling their customers the truth. A service orientation is the philosophy of providing quality service to customers. Businesses reinforce this orientation through communication. To be effective, the communication should be truthful and provide customers with accurate information and correct answers to their questions. Even if the answers are not the ones that customers want, they will respect the business for being truthful. For example, it is better to tell customers that their orders will be shipped in five days rather than promise shipment in two days if that is not possible. Businesses do not reinforce their service orientation through communication by distributing financial reports, sending directive memos, or writing appealing news releases.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 101-102). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
13. B
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when the ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the buyer. The ownership of the television set is transferred to the customer at the time of purchase. Place utility is usefulness created by making goods or services available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to consumers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
14. C
Consumer demand. When demand for a product is high, production is increased to ensure that adequate quantities are available for sale. When demand is low, production is cut back to prevent the possibility of loss from surplus products that cannot be sold at prices high enough to cover the costs of production. The utility, or usefulness, of a product helps to create consumer demand for that product. Demand may, or may not, be affected by factors in the environment.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
15. A
Maximizing their profits. A business that maximizes its profits grows and is able to provide profits to stockholders, benefits to its employees, and jobs for more workers. To do this, the business must offer quality products at competitive prices rather than trying to produce low-priced products. Businesses are required by law to pay income tax. Their political donations must also follow legal guidelines since such gifts are more likely to be given to benefit the business than in an effort to be socially responsible.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
16. B
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
17. B
Depression. In an economic depression, consumers often choose to save their incomes due to uncertainty about the future. Many of them also lose their jobs, so there is more incentive to save than to spend. In a period of economic expansion, consumers spend more and save less because they are optimistic about the future. During times of economic recession, consumers are inclined to save more and spend less; however, it is for a shorter time period than an economic depression. In an economic recovery, consumers begin to spend again because there is optimism about the future of the economy.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (pp. 64-66). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. B
The GDP for China. MacIntosh computers produced in China would be part of the GDP for China, not for the U.S., because their production occurred outside the boundaries of the U.S. Government purchases include everything purchased by local, state, and federal governments. The manufacturing of computers in China contributes to China's economy but does not automatically create improvements to the community known as community revitalization.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
19. A
An individualist society. An individualist society is one in which group ties are loose and everyone is expected to take care of himself/herself. When a person takes care of herself/himself, s/he is being selfreliant. Because self-reliant people are independent, they take pride in accomplishing goals on their own. Collectivism embraces interdependence, group affiliation, and team orientation. A long-term oriented society focuses on future rewards and values actions such as persistence.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Roberts, K., & Taylor, S. (n.d.). Geert Hofstede analysis for United States of America. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/us.htm
20. A
Time. The concept of time is an important consideration when doing business with foreigners. In some cultures (e.g., Germany), punctuality is very important; therefore, it is important to be on time to any meetings or social gatherings. In other cultures, time is less important or is viewed differently. For example, in some countries, businesspeople will keep people waiting while they finish another activity, so that s/he can provide the visitor with his/her undivided attention. This action may appear rude to people in some cultures, while it is viewed as a courtesy in other cultures. Spatial issues refer to the amount of personal space (close, distant) different cultures allow during interpersonal interaction. Achievement is the level to which a person reaches his/her personal goals. Education is the type and level of training or schooling that a person has obtained.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
21. D
Appropriate personal appearance. Personal appearance is the physical image an individual creates by how s/he looks and what s/he wears. In many countries such as Argentina, businesspeople are judged on their appearance; therefore, it is important to “dress for success” to communicate a professional attitude. The type of clothing that a person wears does not relate to his/her gestures, problem-solving skills, table manners, or business management style.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: World Business Culture. (2012). Argentine dress code. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.worldbusinessculture.com/Argentine-Business-Dress-Style.html
22. D
Language barriers. Misusing and mispronouncing words in another language can create a lot of misunderstandings and be very embarrassing in a business situation. When language is an issue, it is often best to hire a professional translator for meetings with foreign businesspeople. Nonverbal cues (body language) are gestures, facial expressions, and the way people carry their bodies. The example does not provide enough information to determine if Kevin and Mr. Suzuki have different work ethics or if they have attitude problems related to change.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 198-200]. Boston: McGrawHill/Irwin.
23. B
Bribery. Gift giving practices vary greatly among countries. In some countries, it is customary, or expected, to give gifts in business situations. In China, gift giving is a ritual that promotes a sincere desire to build positive, collaborative business relationships. However, foreigners should not give Chinese businesspeople overly expensive or extravagant gifts, which may unintentionally suggest a bribe. Bribery is an illegal payment intended to secure business or products in return. Industrious means hardworking.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: World Business Culture. (2012). Chinese meetings. Retrieved November 13, 2012, fromhttp://www.worldbusinessculture.com/Business-Meetings-in-China.html
24. B
Monitor their behavior. A gesture, facial expression, or action may be perfectly acceptable in one culture but offensive in another culture. Therefore, a businessperson should become familiar with a foreign country's customs, attitudes, and codes of acceptable conduct before important business meetings, so s/he does not behave in an offensive manner. Although it is important to dress appropriately, verify language translations, and understand the country's attitude of punctuality (time), these actions do not relate to the nonverbal cues or body language presented in the example.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). United Arab Emirates: Behavior. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/uae.htm
25. D
Gender. Gender refers to an individual's sex—male or female. Different cultures have different expectations and rules in terms of gender roles. In Saudi Arabia, men play a dominate role in business situations, and woman take on more passive roles. By doing research about the Saudi Arabian culture, Andrea learned ways to adapt to the Saudi Arabian culture during the meeting. The situation does not illustrate cultural differences related to age, negotiation style, or cognitive intelligence.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: World Business Culture. (2012). Women in business in Saudi Arabia. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.worldbusinessculture.com/Women-in-Business-in-SaudiArabia.html
26. C
Promise. The employee is, in effect, promising to do a specific job for the employer to the best of his/her ability at an agreed-upon salary. There is no guarantee that this will happen, just an understanding. This should not present a challenge to the employer. A proposal is a suggestion or an idea presented for consideration.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
27. B
Cynthia admitted to her supervisor about the billing mistake that she made on the Andrew's account. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. Because Cynthia admitted that she had made a billing mistake, she is accepting the responsibility for her behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future. Emily was not being honest and accepting responsibility for leaving the door unlocked when she didn't tell her supervisor about her mistake. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior, which is what Pete did when he complained about Brenda's carelessness in relation to the group's project report, and what Larry did when he required Bob to make a decision.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Payne, S. (2010, January 19). Accepting responsibility for your own work. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.helium.com/items/1587239-accepting-responsibility-foryour-own-work
28. B
Manage your work commitments effectively. By planning ahead and determining how long it will take you to complete your tasks, you can better manage your commitments. Planning your work helps you to avoid scheduling too many activities that are close together, which may cause you problems in maintaining commitments. Planning your workload also reduces procrastination, which is putting tasks off until the last minute. Training and practice, rather than planning ahead, will help you to improve your technical skills. Planning ahead and estimating the time it will take to complete various tasks will not reduce your workload, but will help you work more efficiently.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (2006-2012). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
29. C
Indifferent. The salespeople are displaying indifference or a lack of interest. Negative people are often indifferent and show little interest in their own activities or the activities of others. Salespeople with a positive attitude would be interested in their jobs and interested in helping customers. A pessimistic attitude is a gloomy outlook—expecting the worst. Salespeople who have a constructive attitude are helpful and useful.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
30. D
Fear. Regardless of whether the change is great or small, many people seem to fear and resist change. Any change has the potential to threaten a person's security. People who are decisive, disciplined, and self-confident may still fear change, but these traits help them to overcome their fears and make necessary changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens! (Adaptability)
31. B
Violate. In a free society, we have the right to express our thoughts, feelings, and opinions in ways which do not infringe upon or violate the rights of others. We should support and respect the rights of others, but we may not be able to influence them.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. A
Everyone has a unique perspective. Consensus building creates high-quality solutions because every group member brings a unique perspective to the table. This mix of ideas and expertise helps the group to come up with the best solutions and decisions possible. Consensus building can be very timeconsuming, but this is not why it creates high-quality solutions. In consensus building, the group should consider as many different ideas as possible. Consensus means that everyone has equal power.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
33. B
Being an example. Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure as it works toward the vision is being an example and a sure sign of solid leadership. This responsibility does not necessarily relate to working relationships, demonstrating enthusiasm, or being a good listener.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
34. D
Superior. Persons with this attitude are often inconsiderate, which causes poor working relationships with others. Mature persons respect themselves and others. Persons with feelings of inferiority think others are better than themselves. A defeatist is a person with a negative attitude.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. D
Travel and entertainment card. These cards are especially popular with travelers who do not wish to carry large amounts of cash. Customers must have an excellent credit rating to obtain a card and are billed monthly. An unsecured loan is an amount of money borrowed by an individual or business by signing a note promising to repay the loan. An installment credit account is a credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Budget credit accounts are a form of short-term credit with a payment due every 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. A
Read all paperwork carefully. Lyla should make sure she has read and understood all of the paperwork associated with the loan before signing it. She should be up front about her financial situation, so she should not inaccurately report her debts or overstate her assets. She should never sign a blank document, as doing so can lead to fraud.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Liberty Home Loans. (n.d.). Loan programs - finding the right one for you. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.libertyhomeloans.com/mort_learn_cent/loan_program.html
37. A
Obtaining a report from a credit bureau. By reviewing her credit-history reports, Jane can determine if there are any problems or discrepancies with her credit and work to get them resolved. Individuals and businesses can obtain credit reports from an authorized credit bureau. The credit report contains a credit rating, which "scores" the individual's ability or willingness to pay previous loans. Individuals often validate their credit history before applying for additional credit to make sure that the information in the history is accurate. Businesses review a person's credit report to make decisions about extending credit to him/her. Jane cannot obtain her credit rating by adding together her credit-card balances or by applying for an account with a credit union. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members—usually within a business or labor union. Although an employer may obtain an employee's credit report from an authorized credit bureau, the employer may not have the most current information on file.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 172-175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
Financial loss. A decrease in the availability of raw materials, supplies, or products needed by a business are economic risks that can result in financial loss for the business. For example, a decrease in the availability of petroleum can cause business's transportation costs to skyrocket. High interest rates is a business condition that can create economic risks. The involvement of government in the regulation of business may cause financial loss for some businesses. High turnover, rather than low turnover, is an economic risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst...Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
39. D
To know whether they have made a good investment. Individuals who have invested their money in a business are its stockholders, and they are interested in the profits shown on the firm's accounting reports. This information tells them whether they have made a good investment or should change their investment to another company. Stockholders usually receive dividends from the business. Accounting reports do not show planned changes or employee benefits.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
40. C
Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales. A profit-and-loss statement is a business's financial picture that lists all revenue and expenses for a certain time period. A profit-and-loss statement is not the same as a balance sheet. Characteristics of a balance sheet include listing assets and liabilities and showing the owner's financial position.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
41. B
Return on capital. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow. It is a key component of managing working capital. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing. Accounts payable refers to the money the business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
42. A
Company handbook. Many businesses develop company handbooks that they give to new employees during the orientation process. The handbooks usually contain information about company policies and procedures and employee benefits and responsibilities. The information in the handbook answers many of the questions that new employees often have about the company. Annual reports and promotional brochures do not contain the type of business information that is useful to new employees. Application forms are completed before employees are hired and begin the orientation process.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Small Business Notes. (n.d.). Employee handbook. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/operating/hr/employeehandbook.html
43. D
Explicit knowledge. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). The president of the company was communicating specific, measurable, numerical data. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Speculation is hearsay or rumor.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Frost, A. (2010). The different types of knowledge. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.knowledge-management-tools.net/different-types-of-knowledge.html
44. D
Withholding information. When an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. In the example, the employee is unwilling to share information because s/he has a personal issue with another employee. Although Bob's motives may be considered unethical by some people, he was not exhibiting unlawful behavior, providing misleading facts, or embezzling company money or property.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Oracle. (2010, May). Cultivating and formalizing a culture of knowledge capitalization. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.oracle.com/us/products/applications/tutorupk/cultivating-and-formalizing-wp-080924.pdf
45. B
Webcam. A webcam is a video camera that attaches to a personal computer and transmits real-time images through the Internet. Webcams are tools that many businesses use to share information and knowledge through videoconferences with people who are located in different geographic locations. Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information (e.g., spam). A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A kiosk is a stand-alone structure located in public places and is designed to provide information and sell products.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 21, 49]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
46. B
Wiki. Tacit knowledge is personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Tacit knowledge is an employee's personal "know-how" that affects the ways in which s/he does his/her job. Businesses often struggle to capture their employees' tacit knowledge, which can be helpful in achieving or exceeding the businesses' goals. Some businesses are using Wikis to facilitate the sharing of information among employees in remote locations. A Wiki application is a Web-based networking tool that allows individuals or groups to store and share their expertise, resources, and ideas. Codification is the process of assigning a means of measurement to something. Businesses use spreadsheets to calculate and summarize numerical data. An Intranet is a business's internal computer network.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Toolbox for IT. (2008, August 27). Knowledge capture. Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://it.toolbox.com/wiki/index.php/Knowledge_capture
47. A
Sign a nondisclosure agreement. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. Nondisclosure agreements provide businesses with legal protection if a competitor attempts to use the information for financial gain or benefit. Developing a mission statement, analyzing annual financial reports, and completing standard personnel forms are not actions that will reduce the risk of employees sharing confidential knowledge with industry rivals.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2012). Trade secret basics faq: How can a business protect its trade secrets? Retrieved November 13, 2012, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/trade-secretbasics-faq-29099-4.html
48. C
Observation. Observation involves obtaining information by watching others perform a task or activity. A business can obtain knowledge about work-task processes by observing employees performing their jobs. The manager is not rationalizing or imitating the employee's behavior. There is not sufficient information provided to determine if the manager is asking questions or interrogating the employee.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Burge, J.E. (n.d.). Knowledge elicitation tool classification. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://web.cs.wpi.edu/~jburge/thesis/kematrix.html
49. A
Promotion. The promotion function helps to create an image or impression of a business. For example, a business might want to change its image to attract a different or expanded target market. Coordinated promotional activities will get the message across. Advertising and public relations are promotional methods that businesses might use to create an image. Selling involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. D
How do we obtain information about our customers in ways that do not violate their privacy? Businesses can track their customers' purchasing habits in many ways—from Internet surfing activities to point of sale data. Businesses must carefully weigh how to obtain, store, release, and use this information to protect their customers' right to privacy. Society values this right, and if it is breached (e.g., selling customer lists to third parties without customer authorization), customers may go to competitors to purchase goods and services. When developing credit policies, businesses establish criteria and must identify the information they need to determine their customers' ability to pay. Research methods used in a competitive analysis and sources of primary and secondary research are not directly associated with the business's ethics and its customer-related data.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Azmat, M. (2006, May 19). Cyberethics (information management ethics). Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Cyberethics-(Information-SystemEthics)&id=201522
51. B
Include voice narration. Many multimedia software programs have options that allow sound (e.g., voice or ringing bell) to be included to add interest to the presentation. Sound should be appropriately placed and pertinent to the presentation theme. Businesses use spreadsheet software to make, document, and calculate numerical data. Businesses do not use presentation software to analyze organizational progress.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Performing financial calculations. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting, financial, and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. For example, spreadsheet programs can calculate sales forecasts and develop budget projections. Presentation software is used to create slide presentations. Desktop publishing software is used to prepare promotional brochures. Database software is used to manage database files.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199-200). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. A
Upload the page to the web server. After creating the page using a web site design program, the user needs to upload the page to the web server, which is where all of the business's web pages are stored. Because Haley is working with an existing web site, she already has a domain name or web address for the site. The Internet service provider may offer web hosting services. An intranet is an internal network of computers within an organization.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: ThinkQuest. (n.d.). Posting your web page. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://library.thinkquest.org/13947/post.html
54. C
Corporate-level. Large businesses often have many projects occurring at the same time. In some situations, different projects need to access the same data. Corporate-level project-management software is a powerful tool because it provides the ability to track hundreds of tasks and several projects at one time. Corporate-level project-management software typically provides cost accounting, resource leveling, "what-if" analyses, charting, and reporting capabilities. Some corporate-level software programs allow businesses to select other software options to accommodate their specific needs. Single-project programs are used for individual (single) projects. Scheduling software has fewer options than corporatelevel programs, and contains primarily scheduling, Gnatt charts, and presentation capabilities. Costing is a software capability rather than a type of project-management software program.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 371-375]. New York: Penguin Group.
55. B
To forecast future sales. Businesses maintain a variety of records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing. These records are usually known as sales records. By analyzing past sales records, businesses can determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are purchasing to develop new displays, plan credit programs, or organize special events.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
56. C
Inventory report. An inventory report captures information about the status of the firm's supplies or products. For example, the inventory report may indicate that the firm is running low on copy paper for the photocopier, and that the paper should be ordered so the firm does not run out. An income statement (profit-and-loss statement) is a financial summary that shows how much money the firm has made or has lost over a period of time. A SWOT analysis is a summary of the firm's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A credit report provides information about the firm's or its customers' credit history.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Microsoft.com. (2012). Inventory reports. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/accounting/HP011362421033.aspx
57. A
Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier. It is unfair for a business to share a vendor's bid information with another supplier because it provides one supplier with an advantage over the other. Using negotiating techniques to obtain concessions, developing scorecards to evaluate suppliers' performance levels, and setting deadlines for bids are ethical activities.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 570]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. B
Workplace safety. Governments develop regulations to ensure the safety of workers. Workers often operate dangerous equipment, so businesses must ensure that the equipment is maintained and safe to use to reduce the risk of injury. Some government regulations require that businesses have equipment inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that the business is complying with safety regulations. Environmental laws regulate chemical emissions. Employment laws regulate discrimination in the workplace. Computer and cyberspace laws regulate technical security.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
59. C
When immediate treatment is essential. If an accident is serious, and the victim's life is threatened, first aid should be administered until medical help arrives. Neither the business nor the law can require anyone to administer first aid. Good Samaritan Laws protect individuals from liability when administering first aid, but they should not be the determining factor in deciding whether first aid should be administered.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
60. C
To reduce the possibility of loss. Businesses establish security procedures, which are activities that employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. For example, robbery usually results in financial loss. Employees do not follow established security procedures to create a pleasant facility, avoid the risk of accidents, or develop a healthy environment.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Water, S. (n.d.). Shoplifting Prevention 101. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://retail.about.com/od/lossprevention/a/stopshoplifting.htm\
61. B
Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour. An important aspect of prioritizing work is determining how long a task will take to complete in relation to the due date or timeline. Completing a report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that is occurring in an hour should be the employee's top priority because the meeting is scheduled to occur before any of the other tasks listed need to be completed. The employee can photocopy the document, prepare the purchase order, and make restaurant reservations after completing the report and presenting it during the meeting.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to prioritize at work. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2293060_prioritize-work.html
62. C
Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. Gavin does not know the type and amount of inventory to order until Madelyn provides him with the forecast that she has prepared. Therefore, Gavin and Madelyn's work activities are interdependent—they must work together and coordinate their work efforts to achieve the business's goals. Unpacking a shipment and placing the items on shelves and reviewing a monthly financial report are not situations that indicate employees are coordinating their work efforts. Sarah and Shelley are working independently rather than coordinating their efforts.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group.
63. A
Scope creep. Scope creep occurs whenever the requirements for a project change or grow. In this case, a walking/jogging trail was not one of the original requirements of the landscape design plan. It is a requirement that the client is adding midway through the project. Backing in is a scheduling process that involves working your way through a project from the end to the beginning to identify activities that must be completed, along with their associated timeframes. Fast tracking is a scheduling process that involves performing more than one activity concurrently to get the project done in a shorter amount of time. Micromanagement occurs when an individual unnecessarily involves himself/herself in the work of others that s/he has asked the others to complete.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Villanova University. (2012). Managing scope creep in project management. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.villanovau.com/project-management-scope-creep/
64. D
Vendor. A vendor is a supplier of goods or services. Jane orders her goods from a vendor. Jane is a type of business known as a retailer who purchases merchandise from manufacturers or wholesalers and resells it in small quantities to consumers. A trade mission is a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by a government to inform exporters about foreign markets. A craft union is a union made up of workers with a particular skill.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
65. D
Have a cooperative orientation. When a business has a cooperative orientation, it is willing to work with other businesses to achieve their mutual goals. Having a cooperative orientation involves a willingness to share relevant information, to negotiate fairly (assertively), and to be trustworthy and reliable. Using aggressive negotiation tactics will likely not maintain favorable relationships with vendors. In fact, this action is likely to create conflict. A business does not need to use a decentralized buying structure to maintain favorable relationships with vendors. Insufficient information is provided to determine whether the return policies will help or hinder relationships with vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
66. B
Partnerships. A business that has a cooperative orientation is willing to work with its vendors to achieve their mutual goals. Having a cooperative orientation involves a willingness to share relevant information and being fair, trustworthy, and reliable. When these circumstances exist, the buyer-seller relationship is similar to a long-term partnership. Viewing vendors as obligations or rivals may create conflict rather than build positive working relationships.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
67. B
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain period of time. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A service order is a request for service, such as an equipment repair or installation. A referral is a recommendation rather than a type of purchase order.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 62]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. B
Grain, minerals, leather, and oil. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) usually maintain an inventory of items that they use to produce their goods. Grain, minerals, leather and petroleum are examples of products that a business might use to make cereal, jewelry, coats, and gasoline, respectively. Paper, bolts and leather may be classified as raw materials, if they are being used to produce finished goods. Ore is a mineral. Staplers, tables, and household cleansers are finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2012). Inventory types. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
69. D
Concession. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later in the negotiation process. Withdrawal is a conflict response mode in which one or both parties exhibit passive behavior and express a low level of cooperation. A plea is a request. A position is what someone believes about an idea or issue.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 476-478]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. D
Define the gaps between customer satisfaction and the company's capabilities. Before any measures can be taken or improvements made, a company needs to find out what its customers want and if it is meeting those wants and needs. Once the gaps between what customers want and what the company is delivering are identified, the company can determine how it will measure improvement. Data are then collected and reviewed. After that, improvements are made and continually monitored.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [p. 233]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
71. C
Invest elsewhere. Corporations are owned by their stockholders. These businesses are expected to earn money for their owners and to pay them regular dividends on their investments. If a business does not make enough profit to do this, investors are likely to sell their stock and to invest in another company. If a corporation was unable to pay dividends, it is unlikely that stockholders would buy additional shares. Stockholders do not reduce earnings or organize takeovers.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5—Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
72. A
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to make adjustments, so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations. Production is the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring, so it can take the appropriate steps to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the production issues relate to the production-workers' performance levels, raw materials and inventory shortages, or equipment malfunctions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2012). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/curriculum/training-program/Business-Analyst-Skills/
73. C
Height and bone structure. You are at an appropriate weight when your weight is proportionate to your height and bone structure. Most charts that show ranges of healthy weights are set up according to height and frame. Good nutrition can help you to maintain an appropriate weight at any age. Getting enough sleep can contribute to health and appearance. Personal grooming includes all efforts to maintain personal appearance.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
74. D
Keeping a time log. Keeping a time log helps you get a better idea of when you're most productive, as well as how you're actually spending your time and what your personal "time thieves" are. Identifying objectives, creating "to-do" lists, and setting goals do not help you understand when you're most productive.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
75. C
To locate unadvertised openings. Many businesses have employment offices that maintain lists of all available job openings. The businesses may not advertise all of these positions but rely on potential employees to contact the business to find out about the available openings. Some businesses list jobs on bulletin boards outside the employment office in order to make it convenient for interested persons to learn about openings. After a person applies for a job, an interview is scheduled if the business has an interest in hiring that person. Potential employees do not meet with department managers when they are searching for job openings. Contacting other applicants is not a reason for visiting a business's employment office.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 35]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
76. B
Lengthy. Effective résumés should provide sufficient information to adequately explain the applicant's qualifications without being lengthy. Most employers have limited time and want to be able to obtain the important information in a résumé as quickly as possible. The ideal résumé is one page in length and presents important facts in as few words as possible. The information in a résumé should be concise but also as specific and detailed as necessary in order to provide an accurate explanation of the applicant's qualifications.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 50-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
77. C
Questioning other people or contacting group headquarters. Asking other people in their profession, industry, or geographic area and contacting organization/association headquarters found in telephone directories or library listings are methods that may help prospective members find an organization/association which meets their needs. Purchasing an advertisement is costly and unnecessary. Waiting to be sent an invitation is time consuming and usually impractical.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. B
Reprimand Dora. An employer expects her/his employees to follow the business's rules of conduct, which are the business's policies and expectations of appropriate workplace behavior. If an employee violates the business's rules of conduct, the business may take disciplinary action. Disciplinary action might include a verbal reprimand or warning for less serious infractions, such as arriving late to work. Other disciplinary actions might include counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. The business is unlikely to promote Dora, assign her additional responsibilities, or excuse her tardiness.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 466-467]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
79. D
Jim, the production-line supervisor. The chain of command defines the level of authority and identifies the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide structure for business. As a production-line worker, Sally should report problems to the production-line supervisor (Jim). The production-line supervisor reports to the production-section manager (Tom). The production-section manager is likely to report to the production manager, but possibly the operations manager (Linda). Executive-level managers in charge of various operations functions report to the vice president of operations (Sylvia).
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Kelchner, L. (n.d.). The importance of following the chain of command in business. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-following-chaincommand-business-23560.html
80. B
Consumer. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. When a business sets standards to accommodate the target market's needs and wants, it is setting consumer-oriented goals. Employees often use technology to carry out the activities used to achieve the business's consumer goals. Financial goals are objectives that are measured in terms of money.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
81. C
Evaluating the employee's performance. A business sets the employee's work goals. The employee's work goals should help the business achieve its overall organizational goals. To determine if the employee is achieving his/her work goals, the business should evaluate the employee's performance. If the employee is achieving his/her work goals, then s/he is helping the business to achieve its organizational goals. If the employee is not achieving her/his work goals, then s/he might need additional training to improve performance. Analyzing external economic factors and developing an incentive program will not help the business determine if an employee is helping the business to achieve its organizational goals.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Success Factors. (2012). Goal management. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.successfactors.com/goal-management/small/
82. B
Adequate training. Employees carry out the work so the business can achieve its organizational goals. To achieve the business's organizational goals, the business's employees must know how to perform their jobs. Because each business functions differently, it is important for a business to provide its employees with training. When employees are well-trained, and they understand what is expected of them, they have the knowledge to perform their work efficiently. Not all jobs require employees to possess comprehensive analytical skills or to obtain detailed reports. Because businesses have finite resources (i.e., staff, parts, equipment, money), they provide necessary, rather than unlimited, resources for employees to perform their work.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Assessing your training needs: Needs assessment to training goals. Retrieved November 14, 2014, from http://managementhelp.org/trng_dev/analyze/analyze.htm
83. C
Why are we doing this project? The purpose of the project defines the reason for the project. Defining the purpose is critical because the project's goals, activities, and deliverables are based upon the purpose statement. To define the purpose, stakeholders need to determine why the project needs to be done. What the project will produce is asked when determining deliverables. Questions about the materials and the project team are related to resources that will be needed to complete the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 74-76]. New York: Penguin Group.
84. C
Organize the work in a logical sequence. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Creating the WBS involves organizing everything that needs to be done in a logical sequence, to ensure that the project's goals are achieved and deliverables are delivered on time. The project's benefits and stakeholders are identified in the statement of work (SOW). Monitoring human resources and supplies is a management activity.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 96-97]. New York: Penguin Group.
85. C
Delegating work. An important aspect of managing a project team is delegating work to team members. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Project managers need to match project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform the necessary tasks and activities. Corrine is not monitoring processes, providing guidance, or evaluating performance in the presented situation.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003-2012). Project team management. Retrieved October 15, 2009, from http://www.businessperform.com/html/project_team_management.html
86. B
Documenting results. An important part of closing a project is documenting the project's results. This involves advising the stakeholders of the project's outcomes, which is often provided in a formal report. Setting goals, selecting resources, and assigning tasks in a logical sequence are activities that take place when initiating a project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 332-333]. New York: Penguin Group.
87. A
Closing. When a project has been completed, the project manager returns the equipment and supplies to vendors or departments and releases team members to their previous duties. During the implementation phase, the team members use the resources to perform project tasks. During the planning phase, the project manager determines the resources that will be needed to complete the project. The stakeholders define the project's purpose during the initiation phase of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 336-340]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. D
Improvement. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Quality assurance is the processes involved in checking processes or products to ensure that they are consistently meeting the business's quality standards. Deviation is the degree to which a process or product does not meet the business's quality standards.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2012). Quality improvement. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quality-improvement.html
89. D
Six Sigma. Six Sigma is a popular quality management framework used by businesses around the world to ensure that their products are high quality and deliver maximum value to customers. These businesses usually rely on certain specially-trained personnel to implement Six Sigma methodologies. These individuals are known as Master Black Belts, Black Belts, Green Belts, etc. ITIL, which stands for Information Technology Infrastructure Library, consists of a set of publications which specify how to provide high quality information technology (IT) services and ensure effective IT service management. Organizations use CMMI, short for Capability Maturity Model Integration, to increase process effectiveness and improve overall business performance. CMMI can be used in three distinct areas: product/service development, product/service management, and product/service acquisition. Neither ITIL nor CMMI uses martial arts terminology. Quality Max is fictitious.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Finch, B.J. (2008). Operations now: Supply chain profitability and performance (3rd ed.) [p. 217]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
90. D
Increase efficiency. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. The improvement of processes is often related to increased efficiency. When a business wants to improve efficiency, it is looking for ways to maximize the use of its resources, such as money and time. It might also involve applying employees' skills in new and different ways, which will streamline processes and improve efficiency. Continuous improvement may or may not involve finding ways to motivate employees, encouraging employees' creativity, or communicating more effectively.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Smith, A. (2008, April 4). Continuous process improvement: The search for efficiency through redesign. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://businessmanagement.suite101.com/article.cfm/continuous_process_improvement
91. C
The employees' personal ethics may differ from the business's ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. Because people differ, their personal ethics often differ. Employees often view ethics differently when they encounter "gray" situations, or situations in which there is not a clear right or wrong action or answer. Therefore, it is important for a business to clearly communicate its code of ethics to its employees, so they understand how they are to behave in business situations. By communicating the business's code of ethics in the workplace, the business is controlling or reducing its risk of potential legal problems (e.g., lawsuits) and financial losses, which may occur when employees do not know the business's ethical expectations and rules. Businesses often document ethical issues and expectations in their employee handbooks. Ethics are a stable pattern of behavior exhibited over time. Therefore, businesses do not frequently change their ethics. Governments do not require all businesses to offer ethics training programs.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 69-72). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
92. D
What-if planning. Companies often use computer software programs to analyze their levels of risk in different business functions. The software calculates a company's risk levels in a variety of scenarios based on different types of data queries. By establishing queries using different combinations of data, the company obtains results under many circumstances. The company analyzes the quantitative results of each scenario and uses them to make business decisions. This process is “what-if” planning. Qualitative research is a study based on opinion or expertise. Top-down forecasting is a method of predicting sales. During the product-development process, businesses conduct product feasibility studies to determine the advantages and disadvantages of producing a certain good or service.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
93. B
Negligence. A customer may file a negligence lawsuit against a business if s/he feels that the business has failed to protect her/him from harm or wrongdoing. To minimize their chances of being sued for negligence, risk managers and business owners develop specific policies and procedures to protect customers from being injured and to avoid being blamed for customer injuries, if they occur. An individual may file a private nuisance lawsuit if s/he has been unable to live peacefully at home as a result of a neighbor's barking dog, teenagers having a loud party nearby, etc. If someone fails to fulfill his/her contract (e.g., does not complete promised work, does not pay for services rendered, etc.), the individual or company who entered into that contract with the violator might file a breach-of-contract against him/her. People file discrimination lawsuits when they feel that they were treated unfairly because of their race, religion, gender, or other characteristic.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Dorfman, M.S. (2008). Introduction to risk management and insurance (9th ed.) [pp. 34-35]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
94. D
Staffing. Staffing enables the business to have employees who know how to do the company's work or are capable of learning how to do it. In a large business, a separate department usually handles staffing because it is a full-time responsibility to keep up with the staffing needs of the business. Planning is deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Directing is providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is monitoring the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (The Nature of Management)
95. D
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique that is often used during the planning process. Deciding what will be done involves establishing objectives. After establishing objectives, the business can implement processes to achieve those objectives. The business analyzes its performance to determine if it achieved its objectives.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (n.d.). Functions of managers. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/study_guide/Functions-of-Managers.topicArticleId-8944,articleId8848.html
96. C
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. A primary organizing activity is establishing levels of authority. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the company. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Evaluating is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2012). Importance of organizing function. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/organizing_importance.htm
97. C
Training. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. A primary staffing function involves training the employees to perform the work correctly. Recruiting is the staffing function of finding workers to perform the work. Interviewing involves meeting with job applicants to assess their skills and to determine if they are a good fit for open positions. Appraising is an activity that involves evaluating an employee's work performance.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2012). Functions of management. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
98. A
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Because the supervisor is providing a new line worker with information or instructions about how to perform a task, s/he is engaged in the directing function of management. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (n.d.). Functions of managers. Retrieved November 14, 2012, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/study_guide/Functions-of-Managers.topicArticleId-8944,articleId8848.html
99. C
Finances. Controlling the finances of a business is critical if the business wants to succeed. Managers need to understand the finances and be able to use financial tools, such as income statements and balance sheets, to monitor the business's income and expenses. Managers need to be prepared to take action to correct problems with the bottom line if financial controls indicate that the business is losing money. It is not possible to control competitors. Benefits and incentives are advantages or payments employees receive in addition to their wages. Businesses usually establish benefit and incentive programs that are comparable to those of similar businesses in the same industry. Reducing benefits and incentives is a step that managers might take if they identify a problem with the business's finances.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2005). Management: Skills and application (11th ed.) [pp. 372-373]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
100. A
Concurrent control. Concurrent controls monitor business activities as they are being performed. The assistant bank manager watched and listened to her tellers carrying out their jobs, realized that there was a problem, and immediately corrected the problem. Preventive controls take place before a business activity takes place, while feedback controls occur after a business activity has been completed. Post controls, more commonly referred to as postcontrols, are feedback controls.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2005). Management: Skills and application (11th ed.) [p. 373]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
Test 1089
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Recycling programs. Environmental regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. The goal is to protect the environment. By encouraging businesses to participate in recycling programs, environmental regulations help to conserve natural resources and control waste. Agencies that oversee environmental regulations are the ones that enforce the laws. Environmental regulations do not encourage businesses to participate in resource identification or ethical contracts.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 673-674]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. B
Open corporation. Open corporations sell stock to the general public. By buying stock in an open corporation, John can become a business owner without daily involvement in the business. In addition, shareholders in an open corporation are only liable for the amount they invest in the company. Sole proprietorship is a form of ownership that requires owner participation. General partnership combines the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. Sole proprietorships and general partnerships involve unlimited liability. A close (private) corporation does not offer stock for sale to the general public. In many cases, the shareholders manage and operate the business, which means the owners participate in the day-to-day activities of the business.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Forms of Business Ownership)
3. D
Oral directions. When your parents tell you to vacuum the living room, you are receiving oral directions. When a person speaks, s/he is not giving nonverbal directions or written directions. Directions for vacuuming the living room are not social directions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24 Simon Says
4. B
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues are unspoken messages shown through eye contact, facial expression, and body language. Acknowledgement responses are short verbal statements such as "uh-huh" and "I see". Nonverbal cues are not distractions—quite the opposite, they usually reinforce the speaker's message. Nonverbal cues are not listening skills in and of themselves, but paying attention to them is.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1 Listen Up
5. D
Pronounce words clearly. To enunciate means to create clear sounds and to correctly pronounce words. The speed at which words are pronounced may be fast or slow, but words need to be spoken distinctly, not run together.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd. ed.) [p. 35]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
6. B
To clarify meanings. Relevant questions are those questions that pertain to the issue at hand. They are asked to obtain information. Employees should ask relevant questions in order to clarify the meaning of statements or instructions. By asking relevant questions, employees can obtain additional explanations to help them understand what they are expected to do. Employees do not ask questions to send messages, offer suggestions, or make statements.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 80]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. A
Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion. A discussion between an employee and a supervisor about work related issues is formal communication. Formal communication in the workplace involves behaving professionally and using a respectful tone. Asking another person (coworker) for an opinion or brochure are informal forms of workplace communication. A possible firing in the workplace is an example of gossip, which is a type of informal communication that should be avoided.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: People Communicating. (2009-2010). Workplace communication dynamics. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.people-communicating.com/workplacecommunication.html
8. B
Organize his notes in a logical manner. Effective note-taking is essential in school as well as on the job. Regardless of whether you are in a university lecture hall or in a staff meeting, taking notes helps you to better remember important information and record facts, figures, and other details that may not be available elsewhere. Notes that are organized in a logical manner are much clearer, more understandable, and easier to read than notes that follow no form at all. When taking notes, it is not necessary to capture every word that is said. Instead, you should focus on the main points and subpoints of the conversation. It is also not necessary to write notes in complete sentences. To save time and space, you should use abbreviations and symbols whenever appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Sweet Briar College. (n.d.). Note-taking skills. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.arc.sbc.edu/notes.html
9. B
A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization. When asking for financial support, the writer is trying to persuade the recipient to give money. When developing a persuasive message, the writer is trying to change the recipient's behavior. The recipient might require information such as how the money will be used and why the organization needs the money. In persuasive inquiries, it is usually best to use the indirect format. When using the direct format, the writer has specific information that is needed. Sales reports, the date and time of a workshop, or eligibility requirements in an organization can usually be requested through the direct format.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 636-637]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. A
Simple progress. Progress reports often are used to provide business managers with brief summaries of information. They are an effective means of keeping managers informed about the status of activities within their departments. Long research reports and detailed annual reports usually provide extensive information in a lengthy format rather than brief summaries. A short biographical report provides information about individuals rather than activities.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 318, 322]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Logical arguments. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. When developing an analytical report that addresses a controversial issue or contains information that readers might disagree with, the writer should provide logical arguments that explain and support their conclusions. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade readers to accept the conclusions. Technical statistics may distract the reader. Personal opinions should not be expressed during an analytical report. Enthusiastic statements that do not provide logical arguments or supporting evidence are less likely to convince readers that the conclusions are reasonable.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L. & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 411-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. C
Recommendations. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, and it is the last component presented in the report. The purpose of the study, which appears at the beginning of the report, describes why the research is needed. The background or historical information is presented at the beginning of the report and usually appears after the purpose of the study. The methodology section of the report appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why they were selected.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Sonnenberg, K. (n.d.). Conclusions and recommendations. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.papermasters.com/conclusions_recommendations.html
13. D
Resolve problems. Providing good service includes resolving problems and complaints. Some customers will be very upset about a problem, and employees must be prepared to find solutions without getting as upset as the customer. Solving problems satisfies customers and gives them the service they deserve. Employees do not have the authority to lower prices, offer discounts, or plan events without the approval of management.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. B
Nature of the business. A business's policies must be appropriate for the type of business. For example, a policy that might be appropriate for an investment business might be inappropriate for a hardware store. Not all business policies are written, and it would not be necessary to display them. The personal preferences of management should not be a consideration. Employees who lack good communication skills can receive training that will improve their skills in communicating policies to customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
15. C
Complaints can often be opportunities. Salespeople should view customers' complaints as opportunities to impress customers positively. Customers whose complaints are handled satisfactorily often become repeat customers. This benefits the business and the salesperson. Most businesses expect salespeople to handle routine complaints as part of their selling responsibilities. Management often provides assistance if the problem is difficult to resolve. There is no way to prevent all customer complaints. Complaints can cause problems for both the salesperson and the business if they result in lost sales, income, and profits.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Tringas, F. (2012, March 29). How to turn customer complaints into a sales opportunity. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://blog.micros.com/2012/03/29/how-to-turncustomer-complaints-into-a-sales-opportunity/
16. A
Economic and noneconomic. Economic wants have monetary values attached to them, while noneconomic wants are free. Economics is concerned with economic wants. Wants are considered unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough resources to satisfy all of their wants. Limited wants do not exist.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
17. D
Form. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. The lumber business is creating form utility by turning tree trunks into boards that consumers can use. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or resources are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It
18. B
Public interests. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. These contributions in the public interest may include donations to support the arts, the environment, community centers, etc. Businesses do contribute to private causes, but this is not required by social responsibility. Contributions to promotion would benefit the company, not society, and contributing to pollution would not be socially responsible.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20 Business Connections (Business and Society)
19. C
Staffing. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing employees. Staffing is an important part of human resources management and includes all the activities necessary for the recruiting, hiring, and training of the people who work to produce goods and services. People are a business's most important resource; therefore, effective staffing is a vital aspect of the business. Without competent and satisfied employees, businesses would not be able to perform their primary functions. Pricing, promoting, and selling are marketing activities.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
20. C
Authority. The organizational structure is the way the business is set up (designed) to carry out its work. Many factors influence the way that the business carries out its work the way it functions. The ways in which the employees relate to or communicate with one another (interpersonal relationships) and the type of work (tasks) that needs to be done affect the organizational structure. Authority, which also influences the organizational structure, is the power a person has to influence or control other people's behavior. Some organizational structures have centralized authority in which one person or a few people make business decisions. Other businesses have decentralized authority, a situation in which employees have the authority to make decisions and hold a high degree of control over their work. An injunction is a court order forbidding an action. Initiative is a personal trait that involves a willingness to act without being told to do so. Attrition is the natural reduction in numbers of employees due to job changes, death, etc.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23 Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Business)
21. B
$227,375. Gross profit is the amount of money that is left after the cost of goods is subtracted from the income from sales. In this example, calculate gross profit by subtracting cost of goods from income ($367,500 - $140,125 = $227,375). Payroll and rent are operating expenses and are not used to calculate gross profit.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded
22. D
Protect public health. Government has passed many laws intended to protect public health by regulating the use of products that may be harmful. Asbestos has been found to be harmful to people's health. Public welfare programs provide assistance to disadvantaged individuals. Government attempts to stabilize the economy by controlling the amount of money in circulation, adjusting interest rates, and through various other financial measures.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. C
Contraction. Contraction is the third phase of the business cycle characterized by decreased demand for goods and services, rising unemployment, increased saving by consumers, and reduced sales and profits for businesses. The business is presently in the peak phase of the business cycle which is considered the high point of economic activity. During this phase, demand for goods and services begins to exceed the production capacities of producers. Expansion is the first stage of the business cycle, characterized by increased spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, increased employment rates, and decreased interest rates or loans. Trough is the fourth phase of the business cycle and is considered the low point of economic activity. It is characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9 Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
24. C
A European client greets the person with a kiss on each cheek. The concept of space and proximity differs among cultures. In countries such as the United States and Japan, people prefer to maintain distance from others during conversation. In these countries, maintaining space is a sign of respect for the other person. Kissing someone on the cheek requires close proximity, so the American businessperson may feel very uncomfortable, especially if s/he doesn't know the client well. It is not unusual for Americans to meet in conference rooms to discuss business or for Americans to dine with clients after a meeting.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Flipipowich, M. (n.d.). What is the meaning of kissing on both sides of the cheek? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/info_8167807_meaning-kissing-sidescheek.html
25. D
Hello, Mr. Schmidt. Using titles to greet friends or business associates is common practice in German culture. Because the client speaks English fluently, Carolyn should greet him as Mr. Schmidt. The title Herr Schmidt would also be appropriate because herr is the German word for Mister (Mr.). Carolyn might want to use a common greeting used by Germans, such as, "Guten tag, Herr Schmidt," which means, "Good day, Mr. Schmidt." Sir is a title used by Great Britain to address individuals who have been knighted by the British monarch (i.e., Queen Elizabeth). Greeting the client using the first and last name or by last name only would not be appropriate.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
26. B
Collectivist culture. Collectivist cultures emphasize or focus on the good of the group rather than individual gain. Loyalty, compliance, and teamwork are very important to collectivist cultures such as Japan. Japan is not an explicit society, elitist nation, or ceremonial civilization.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Brown, S. (2009, May 14). Understanding cultural differences in business. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.suite101.com/content/understanding-culturaldifferences-in-business-a117469
27. B
Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public. When businesspeople visit a foreign country, they should try to learn about the culture so that they don't do something offensive. Before going to a foreign country, businesspeople should research the country's standards for appearance and dress. For example, wearing shorts or tank tops in Middle Eastern country is exhibiting an inappropriate appearance. Middle Eastern businesspeople would not take foreigners seriously and would be quite offended if they walked around in shorts and tank tops. Other aspects of the culture that foreign businesspeople may want to research include nonverbal behavior such as facial expressions and gestures and communication styles. Because government and religion are closely connected in many Middle Eastern countries, visitors should also understand the religious practices of Middle Eastern countries.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). United Arab Emirates: Appearance. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/uae.htm
28. B
Dietary habits. When planning a meal for foreign businesspeople, it is important to consider their dietary habits. In India, religious customs prohibit Hindus from eating beef and Muslims from eating pork. Some religious customs prohibit followers from eating dairy products and certain types of vegetables. To respect the religious practices of other cultures, it is important for Hilda to develop a menu that accommodates her Indian guests. Seating preferences, table manners, and physical differences are not relevant factors when planning an appropriate menu.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Shuka, M. (2006, December 5). India: Prosperous entertaining-part l. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.executiveplanet.com/index.php?title=India:_Prosperous_Entertaining_-_Part_1
29. D
Initiative. Initiative is the ability to perform work tasks without being told to do so. This is what Todd is doing by straightening the shelves and restocking the merchandise; nobody asked or told him to do so. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Loyalty is being dedicated to a specific group or business. Receptivity is openness to change and input from others.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personal Traits in Business)
30. A
Texting friends during a work shift. Ethical employees are responsible employees who adhere to a standard of appropriate behavior. Ethical employees are reliable and honest. They completely take responsibility for their mistakes, use supplies wisely to complete work-related tasks, and often arrive at work early so they are ready to begin their tasks on time. Ethical employees do not use company time to conduct personal activities, such as sending text messages to friends.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4 Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
31. D
Accepting the consequences for the decision he made. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. In the example, Tim admits that he made a mistake by not conducting computer backup activities, so he is accepting the responsibility for his behavior. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future, rather than promising not to make any more mistakes. It does not always involve making informed decisions because some people make decisions without knowing all the facts, or they make impulsive decisions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Nickles, J. (n.d.) Take personal responsibility for a better life. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://mysuperchargedlife.com/blog/7-ways-to-take-personal-responsibility-and-live-abetter-life/
32. A
Schedule enough time to complete activities. It is important for employees to allow sufficient time to complete a work activity. For example, if an employee must present a report at a 2:00 p.m. meeting, and it takes two hours to prepare the report, the employee should not begin preparing the report at 1:00 p.m. that day. Employees do not always have authority to delegate their work to coworkers or to reorganize their work goals. Focusing on the least important tasks will not always help employees to effectively manage their work commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
33. D
Training. In the future, you will have a greater need for education and training to obtain, keep, and advance in a career. This does not necessarily mean a college degree. In fact, more jobs will require some sort of technical training at a community college or vocational training center. The specific knowledge and abilities needed will depend on the career that is chosen.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 880-881). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. B
Privacy does not exist. Although businesses should not read the messages that their employees send or receive by e-mail, the businesses have a right to do so because it is their system and it is being used on company time. Employees who use company e-mail should assume that privacy does not exist and that whatever they write can be accessed and read by others. With this in mind, employees should avoid sending and receiving personal e-mail or making derogatory comments about coworkers, because their messages are not private. Employees should assume that their e-mail messages might be read by others because businesses have a right to monitor the system.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 472-475]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
35. C
Needs. Assertive people understand that they have the right to ask other people to respond to their needs, but they also know they should be able to accept legitimate refusals. Aggressive people often have the mistaken belief that they have a basic right to expect people to respond to their directions, orders, and/or whims.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
36. D
Authority. Authority is defined as a person's level of power, or the level of control s/he possesses in a specific situation. When two people want to hold the same leadership position, the reason the conflict exists is that each person wants to have control. Resentment can be defined as dislike or anger. The statement does not indicate if the two people dislike one another or are angry with one another. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Motivation refers to a person's level of drive, or his/her determination to meet a goal or complete a task.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
37. D
Standing. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time. A committee whose members are expected to serve for three years would be considered a standing committee. An ad-hoc committee is a temporary committee that deals with a specific or unexpected issue. A multifunctional committee may deal with a variety of issues. The committee members did not volunteer but were appointed.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2013) Standing committee. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-committee.html
38. B
Being a good listener. By being aware of what's going on in the industry, Matthias is being a good listener. He's keeping his ears and eyes open for issues and trends that may affect the team vision. In this situation, Matthias is not demonstrating enthusiasm, flexibility, or being an example.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
39. A
Democratic. If you like to feel as though you are an important member of the team, you will probably work best under a democratic manager. Such individuals usually have a participatory approach to management. Workers who like to be a part of a team, contribute their ideas, help solve problems, and generally take a personal interest in their work do well under democratic managers. Authoritarian managers see themselves as the sole source of authority. Laissez-faire managers prefer to exercise little to no control and use a hands-off approach.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
40. D
Immediate gratification. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a person decides to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. When a person places $500 in the bank, the opportunity (benefit) is having money available for the future. The cost of placing money in the bank means that the person does not have the money to purchase a desired item. When a person purchases something that s/he doesn't need but really wants, the benefit to the person is immediate gratification or a sense of instant satisfaction that s/he has acquired the desired product. The opportunity cost (benefit lost) is not a higher discretionary income, lower salary or wages, or long-term dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 20-23). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. D
Installment. Customers must usually pay a finance charge, or interest, for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Revolving credit plans do not require down payments. Regular, or open, credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
42. C
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 312-314]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
43. A
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive credit-card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first, since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit-card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Basco, P. (2006-2012). Seven ways to avoid runaway credit card debt. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article20.shtml
44. B
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, working parents can deduct or subtract a certain amount of their incomes for the childcare expenses they incur while at work. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home mortgage interest, and charitable donations. Capital gains are taxes on earnings from the appreciation of an investment. Dividends are a portion of a company's profits that are paid to shareholders. A rebate is a part of the price that a customer pays for a good or service, which is usually offered by the product's manufacturer.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 394). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. D
Current assets. Assets are anything of value the business owns. Current assets would include cash on hand, accounts receivable, and inventory owned by the business. Income is money received by a business or an individual from an outside source. Liabilities are debts that the business owes. Capital gain refers to the difference between the purchase price and selling price of an investment.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
46. A
Viruses and loss of data. Viruses, fraud, and loss of data are common security concerns associated with using a computerized accounting system. Viruses are programs designed to disrupt computer operations. Fraud is deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. Pollutions, variances, and vested interests are not security concerns.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Manda, G. (n.d.). The benefits of accounting information systems. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/list_6588708_benefits-accounting-informationsystems.html
47. D
Employees' salaries. Liabilities are debts that a business owes. Liabilities are classified as current, which means that the debts will be paid off during the year, or long-term, which means that they will be paid off over a period of time. Employees' salaries are current liabilities because the business is expected to pay its employees for their work on a regular basis throughout the year. Mortgage loans are long-term liabilities because businesses usually make mortgage payments for several years. Accounts receivable are assets because they are all the monies owed to the business by its customers. Owner's equity is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 858). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. D
That is when employees are anxious to learn. New employees are anxious to learn about the company; its policies, rules, and regulations; working hours; benefits; and any other factors that will affect them. Giving them this information at the beginning takes advantage of their desire to learn. Employees can start work without orientation, but they will need to ask a lot of questions that would have been answered in orientation. Orientation presents basic company information and does not try to teach employees everything at one time or focus on specific job tasks.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill Irwin.
49. A
Turnover. Julie's promotion is an example of turnover employees leaving their job positions for various reasons. Because of the high amount of turnover in modern businesses, knowledge management is very important to keep things running smoothly in times of transition. Information overload refers to the chaos created when too much information is present or available. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of labor, capital, and ideas across national borders. Innovation refers to the creation of new products, processes, ideas, etc.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: KM LAP 1 Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
50. B
Inevitable disclosure. The concept of inevitable disclosure suggests that workers are likely to intentionally or unintentionally share their current employers' trade secrets with future employers. Although most jurisdictions have regulations that acknowledge and protect trade secrets, the treatment of inevitable disclosure cases varies. Some jurisdictions do not support non-compete clauses as a way to limit tradesecret disclosure because these types of agreements inhibit a worker's right to seek employment. These jurisdictions view the sharing of knowledge as an inevitable occurrence, which may occur unintentionally. The situation does not illustrate limited confidentially, competitive obstruction, or trade-character infringement.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Nolo.com. (2013). Trade secret basics faq: The "inevitable disclosure" doctrine. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/trade-secret-basics-faq29099-5.html
51. B
Message boards. A message board is a page on a website that allows computer users to ask questions and post responses to the questions. Message boards allow customers and employees to share information to solve problems, which may or may not contain interesting content. Meta tags are Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) codes that display information about web pages. Bots are computer programs that scan the Web to find computer-program updates.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Tsui, L. (2006). A handbook on knowledge sharing: Strategies and recommendations for researchers, policymakers, and service providers. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.uws.edu.au__data/assets/pdf_file/0018/405252/Knowledge_Sharing_Handbook.p df
52. D
Protect its trade secrets. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. Nondisclosure agreements provide the business legal recourse if a competitor attempts to use the information for financial gain or benefit. Businesses do not ask their employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to avoid discrimination lawsuits, ensure their employees' privacy, or prevent copyright infringement. Copyright infringement involves the unauthorized use of written or artistic works.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Nodisclosure agreements. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/nondisclosure-agreements-29630.html
53. B
Gain in market share. Businesses take action for the purpose of achieving certain results. One of the results that a business might want to achieve is a gain in market share, which is a business's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market. An action that a business might take to obtain this result is to lower the price of a product for the purpose of taking business away from competitors. If the price is lower, the business has an opportunity to gain market share. If the price is significantly lower, the business might lose money in the short-term, while increasing market share. Lowering the price of a product will not result in a decrease in cost or a reduction in staff.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3 Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
54. C
Last quarter, sales increased by 12%. A fact is a true statement something that is known to be correct. To prove that sales truly increased by 12% last quarter, you can compare last quarter's sales with the sales from two quarters ago. An opinion, on the other hand, is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. "I believe that the product is defective"; "It seems that we have a problem"; and "Kerry and Dean are the nicest managers" are opinions. They reflect people's beliefs about the product's quality, about a situation, and about Kerry and Dean.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2013, May 27). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
55. A
Nolo Legal Encyclopedia. Expertise and credibility are primary considerations when evaluating the relevance of a source. Because regulations and legal procedures are important considerations when setting up a corporation, Melissa should obtain information from a source that has legal expertise, such as Nolo Legal Encyclopedia (www.nolo.com). The Wall Street Journal is a print and online business publication that focuses on a wide variety of business and economic issues and trends. Because Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, some of the information might be inaccurate or irrelevant. MarketWatch is a website that focuses on financial issues such as investing and the stock market performance.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Regents of the University of California. (2012, May 12). Evaluating web pages: Techniques to apply & questions to ask. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.lib.berkeley.edu/TeachingLib/Guides/Internet/Evaluate.html
56. D
To be ethical. Businesses gather and maintain a wide range of information, and some of this information may be private or confidential. For example, businesses may have personal information about customers and employees. Making sure that this information is secure is a matter of ethics. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm to individuals. Businesses do not keep information secure to be secretive, beat the competition, or avoid publicity.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Everard, K.E. (2008). Business principles and management: Annotated instructor's edition (12th ed.) [p. 170]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
57. D
To graph data. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. Another standard capability of spreadsheet software is to convert this data into graph form. Complicated accounting information is often easier to understand when it is presented visually in the form of graphs or charts. Presentation software is used to create slides. Wordprocessing software is used to prepare text. Database software is used to manage files.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Allocate project resources. Project-management software allows businesses to plan, track, and evaluate all aspects of a project. A comprehensive project-management software program can help the project manager allocate resources human, financial, material, capital in the most efficient ways. Stakeholders, rather than software, define the project's purpose, establish the project's standards, and evaluate the quality of project deliverables.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (p. 49). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
59. C
Forecast sales. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review their invoices to evaluate ideas, execute promotions, or improve service.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 562-563]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
60. C
Inventory records. Inventory records contain information related to the goods that a business has on hand or on order. They are also likely to contain information about a retail business's suppliers and the products that the business purchases from each to sell to consumers. Quality records usually contain information regarding the degree of excellence of the business's products. Human-resources records contain information about the business's employees. Payroll records contain information about money paid to employees in a given period.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (n.d.). Starting a small business: Record keeping. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/small-business/creating-maintainingbusiness-records.asp
61. A
Statistical findings. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. For example, it may be important for businesses to find out how many customers are in certain age groups, and then convert those figures to percentages to determine which groups make the most purchases. By analyzing this type of statistical finding, businesses can make decisions about targeting certain groups to increase sales and profits. Businesses might analyze training results rather than training methods. They do not analyze information skills or privacy factors when making business decisions to improve the company.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
63. D
Local ordinances. Businesses must follow various government regulations that are designed to protect the public from illness and hazardous conditions. To ensure that businesses are following these regulations, government agencies at all levels often inspect businesses. For example, the local fire department may inspect a business facility to determine if the business has the appropriate number of fire extinguishers as required by law. If an inspection determines that a business is violating regulations, the agency may fine the business or close it until the business is in compliance. Free-trade agreements, securities regulations, and consumer-protection laws do not involve inspecting facilities to determine if the business is free of safety and health hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Ray, L. (n.d.). Commercial building inspection checklist. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_4842000_commercial-building-inspection-checklist.html
64. C
The Internet. Regardless of your line of work, you must follow instructions for some type of equipment, tool, and/or machinery. Even Steve, who recently purchased a used laptop for work, must follow the manufacturer's instructions usually found in a user's manual for the computer. Since Steve doesn't currently have the laptop user's manual, he can't be sure that he is using it properly. He is most likely to find a copy of the manual on the Internet because most manufacturers (of computers, kitchen appliances, automobiles, etc.) post all of their owner's manuals on their websites for users to download for free. He is much less likely to find a copy of the manual at the library, a used-book store, or even an office-supply store. Although many office-supply stores sell computers, they may not sell that particular model. If they do not, they are unlikely to have the manual on hand.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: OwnerIQ. (2013). Manuals online. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.manualsonline.com/
65. C
Pilferage. Pilferage is the theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Employees usually do not recognize that their personal use of company supplies is a business expense and a form of theft. Fraud is the act of deceiving or cheating a business or an individual out of money or property. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers. Robbery is theft through the use of force, violence, or fear.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
66. D
Interdependent. A work team consists of individuals who possess different skills to accomplish a common goal. When two people rely on each other to accomplish a task or goal, they are interdependent. There is not enough information to determine if the two coworkers' jobs are complex, nor is there enough information to determine if they work for a bureaucratic organization.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110,112]. New York: Penguin Group.
67. D
Tracking deadlines. This activity is important during the planning stages and while the project is being completed. It is necessary to keep track of due dates and not let the project fall behind schedule. Also, one part of a project may need to be completed before another part can begin. Project managers make sure everyone is focusing on the same objective rather than change the objective. Project managers usually give directions that workers are expected to follow. Effective project managers encourage others to do their part rather than giving orders.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
68. C
Internal audit. An audit is an evaluation of an organization, process, or project. The project manager and team members can determine its successes, strengths, problems, and weaknesses by evaluating all aspects of the project upon completion. The evaluation helps the project team develop a "lessons learned" document that can be used by teams that exeute similar projects for the organization in the future. A comprehensive audit will evaluate many different activities associated with the project, including resource utilization, team productivity and performance, efficiency of processes, and stakeholders' satisfaction, which is done by comparing the objectives with the actual results.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Row, J.R., & Scudder, R. (2013, June 25). Internal audit of your project deliverables: Staying on track. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/monitoringprojects/70376-the-project-deliverables-of-an-internal-audit/
69. D
Control the project. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Various reports can help project managers monitor the work effort. An activity-status report provides a project manager with information about where the project stands at a given point. If the activity-status report indicates that the project is running behind, then the project manager can takes steps to get the project back on track. Reviewing an activity-status report does not create barriers but may identify them. The project manager determines the project scope and develops project specifications during the project planning phase, rather than the project execution phase.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 41]. New York: Penguin Group.
70. B
Ongoing cooperation. When a business is continuously willing to work with other businesses (e.g., vendors) to achieve their mutual goals, it is exhibiting ongoing cooperation. Ongoing cooperation involves a willingness to negotiate fairly and to communicate (interact) openly and honestly on a continuous basis. These actions help build a trusting and favorable relationship. In most situations, a company does not need to fully disclose all of its business information to its vendors only relevant information.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 389-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
71. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements, the vendor needs to custom make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
72. C
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the demand goes up, and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business to cover its needs until supply is stable and available. Maintenance inventory refers to items the business uses to maintain the facility such as cleaning supplies and light bulbs. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Customary inventory is sometimes used to describe the regularly stocked goods that the business carries.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eNotes. (2013). Inventory types. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.enotes.com/topics/inventory-types/reference
73. C
Concede on minor points before major points. Planning for concessions is an important aspect of an effective negotiation strategy. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later during the negotiation process. An effective negotiator wants to give up (concede) something minor or unimportant early to make it seem more valuable than it really is. If the negotiator gives up a major point early in the negotiation, then s/he will lose her/his power base and leverage. If the negotiator does not plan to provide some concessions, then the negotiation session may end in a stalemate, and agreement may not be reached. Refusing to concede anything might result in a stalemate.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 477-478]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. D
To remain competitive. To be competitive in a global market, many companies must meet standards set by outside groups or agencies, such as the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which set international quality-control standards. Meeting these standards does not provide a way to estimate future sales or to determine raises for production workers. These standards may or may not be related to laws or regulations.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
75. B
Preventive maintenance. Regular inspections help to ensure that equipment is in good repair and will not break down. Vendor analysis is a rating of suppliers in terms of quality, service, and price. Physical inventory is an actual count of items in stock. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Williams, S. (n.d.). Ideas for preventative maintenance. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/info_8091632_ideas-preventative-maintenance.html
76. D
Competitive. Companies analyze many business functions to determine if they are achieving their organizational goals. Companies analyze their activities in relation to their competitors' activities to determine how well they are performing in the marketplace. If a competitive analysis reveals that a company has lost some of its market share, the company will need to attract new markets or develop new products to improve its market share. Luke will likely review the competitions' promotional, financial, and production processes as part of the competitive analysis if the information is available.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2013). Competitive analysis. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/competitive-analysis
77. A
Help to prevent medical problems. Good posture helps to keep the body in alignment and enables the body's organs to function properly. This helps to prevent such medical problems as a bad back, fatigue, and muscle strain. Good posture may make you look taller than you really are, but that is not an important reason for practicing good posture. Good posture cannot eliminate the need for some clothing alterations, and it is not likely to improve your ability to relax.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
78. A
Framing. The way information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others not the way it is presented. Style is the method for including others in the decisionmaking process. And, logic is a way to make sense of the facts apart from personal or outside influence.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
79. C
Fair treatment. Discrimination is the unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, which include race, religion, and gender. In the example, the business pays both its male and female employees the same salary range for the same type of work, which indicates it is treating people fairly on the basis of their gender. In many countries, there are laws that prohibit discrimination, so businesses should take steps to ensure that they are in compliance with the law and treating their employees fairly. The example does not describe the employees' right to work in a safe environment or their right to privacy. Businesses do not prevent employees from buying stock. Some types of corporations encourage their employees to buy their company stock.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Employee rights law center. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/employee-rights/
80. C
Human resources. The human resources department in a large company handles such personnel responsibilities as hiring of staff, keeping personnel records, and administering benefit programs. Most human resources departments expect to answer inquiries from job seekers about possible job openings. The payroll department issues paychecks to employees. The credit department handles customer credit accounts. Training and development may be part of human resources, but it is set up to provide assistance to current employees or new hires, not job applicants.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 896). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
A question about salary or benefits. The main purpose of the follow-up letter is to show your appreciation to the interviewer. It would be inappropriate to include a question about salary and benefits, which should have been discussed during the job interview. If the applicant is offered the job, then s/he should bring up any further questions about salary, benefits, hours, vacation time, etc. Making a comment that indicates you understand something about what the business does, referring to your qualifications for the job, and expressing a wish to be hired for the job are all acceptable.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 144-145). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. B
Trade association. People join trade associations hoping to solve problems they could not solve alone. A trade show is a group of producers who exhibit their products in one location for the convenience of buyers. A corporation is a form of business that is owned by a group and requires a charter from the state. A partnership is a form of business with two or more owners.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 657). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. D
The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs. Rules of conduct are necessary to provide a fair and consistent working environment for all employees. When all employees are held to the same standards, the employees tend to work well together to accomplish the company's goals and reinforce its image. Companies' rules of conduct can vary and are influenced by the industry, profession, and company philosophy. Companies should document their rules of conduct because employees' personal ethics and values may differ from their employers' ethics and values.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Glenn, S. (n.d.). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6559640_importance-code-conduct.html
84. D
Vice president of finance. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. A hierarchical chain of command provides structure and organization for the business. Large companies often set up their chain of command by department. For example, all of the vice presidents of various departments (e.g., finance, operations, marketing, etc.) report directly to the CEO. A regional marketing manager generally reports to the vice president of marketing. The production coordinator reports to the production manager. The board of directors consists of individuals who are selected by the shareholders (owners) to manage the corporation. The CEO reports to the board of directors.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [pp. 261-262]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. A
Provide direction. Organizational goals are the overall objectives that a group wants to achieve. Developing organizational goals provides the foundation for and direction to achieve the objectives or desired outcomes. Depending on the nature of the group or organization, one goal might involve achieving a profit, although profitability cannot be ensured. Groups develop organizational charts to outline the chain of command or levels of authority. Organizational goals cannot establish loyalty.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Yahoo.com. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://voices.yahoo.com/the-nature-organizational-goals-1977351.html
86. D
Ongoing communication. Employees' goals should align with the business's organizational goals. To ensure that employees understand the importance of their work and their roles in achieving the business's goals, managers must communicate with the employees on an ongoing basis. Ongoing communication may include brainstorming ideas to improve productivity, motivating employees by providing positive feedback, and evaluating their performance on a regular basis. Performance reviews may or may not include evaluation from peers.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: SuccessFactors. (2013). SuccessFactors Goal management. Retrieved September 12 2013, from http://www.successfactors.com/en_us/solutions/bizx-suite/talent-solutions/performancegoals/goals.html
87. D
Project deliverables. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project what the project will produce. The purpose statement defines the reason for the project. Schedule estimates are used to predict when work will be completed throughout the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 75-76]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. A
WBS dictionary. A WBS dictionary is a tool that helps inform project team members about the scope, status, milestones, and deliverables associated with each project activity. The dictionary can be formatted in a variety of ways, such as an organizational chart or an outline. By maintaining and keeping the dictionary in a central location (e.g., computer intranet), all team members have access to the information at any time. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words. A training chart would not be applicable to the situation described. A pie chart would not be feasible to use because of space limitations.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (2007-2010). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.project-managementknowledge.com/definitions/w/work-breakdown-structure-dictionary/
89. A
Help resolve the conflict. Conflict resolution is the process of resolving or ending a conflict. Project managers may need to help resolve conflicts if the team members cannot reach resolution by themselves. When team members disagree, the project manager would not negotiate with external sources, evaluate the reward system, or change the project scope.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 296-297). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
90. D
Lessons learned document. Developed during the closing phase of the project, the "lessons-learned" document summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future, such as the need for additional training and ongoing technical support. An executive summary is an overview of a report or plan. A termination checklist is a list of tasks that need to be done during the closing phase of a project. An expense audit involves reviewing and evaluating various project expenses.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 334-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
91. B
Consumer pressure. Consumer pressure is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world. Customers demand quality, and if a company doesn't provide it, they'll take their business elsewhere. Various consumer groups also keep the pressure on companies to make quality a top priority. Weather patterns, outdated technology, and currency fluctuations are not factors keeping quality as a main concern for today's businesses.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: QM LAP 1 Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
92. D
Improving, and controlling. Six Sigma is a quality improvement framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. It builds upon previous goals to set higher goals that continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. DMAIC is an acronym for the Six Sigma method of improving existing processes. The steps include defining goals, measuring performance, analyzing problem areas, improving the problem areas by eliminating defects, and controlling future performance and processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (n.d.). What is six sigma? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.isixsigma.com/sixsigma/six_sigma.asp
93. A
Evaluation. To determine if quality has improved, the business needs to compare the product or process before the improvement was made with the product or process after improvements were implemented. After evaluating the improvements, the business can document results and recommend additional improvements, if necessary.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (n.d.). Continuous improvement process definition. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/continuous-improvement-process-definition4534.html
94. A
Insurance company did not explain all of the policy's exclusions to the store. It is unethical for an insurance company to place obscure, complex exclusions in an insurance policy without explaining them to the policyholder. Insurance policies can be very difficult to understand, so the insurance company should explain important information so the policyholder understands what the policy covers. The policyholder can reduce or manage its risk by reviewing (or having a lawyer review) the contract carefully before signing it. The insurance company can reduce the risk of policyholders filing lawsuits by explaining the policy's terms clearly. If the store owner did not pay the insurance premium on time, the policy lapsed, and the insurance company is not obligated to pay for damages. When the insurance policy was purchased is not an ethical issue in relation to the situation. The insurance policy would not cover workers' compensation. Workers' compensation covers employees who are injured on the job.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Allen, Allen, Allen, & Allen. (2000-2013). How insurance companies deny, delay, confuse, and refuse. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.allenandallen.com/insurance_companies_deny.html
95. B
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit-card numbers). Another way that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information, which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll, rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Harwood, M. (2009, July 28). TJX settles data breach for $9.7 million. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.securitymanagement.com/news/tjx-settles-data-breach-97-million005941
96. B
Government fines. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Compliance with the law is an important aspect of risk management. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. A substantial financial loss can hinder the business's ability to achieve its goals. Increased inventory and decreased quotas are not risks that are directly associated with failure to comply with laws.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
97. C
Short-range and specific. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year or less) of specific actions that the business will take. Tactical plans involve day-to-day operating activities and are usually implemented by lower-level managers. Tactical plans are based on strategic plans. Strategic planning involves long-term planning (more than one year) and focuses on the general future of company. Strategic plans are usually developed by upper management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Management Innovations. (2008, December 10). Tactical planning vs. strategic planning. Retrieved September 13 2013, from http://managementinnovations.wordpress.com/2008/12/10/tactical-planning-vs-strategicplanning/
98. B
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Supervising employees' performance is a controlling activity. Arranging is not a management function.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Management function of organizing: Overviews of methods. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://managementhelp.org/orgnzing/orgnzing.htm
99. B
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important staffing activity is identifying qualified candidates to do the work. To identify qualified candidates, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Leading involves directing the activities of others. Persuading is convincing others to take a certain course of action. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (n.d.). Staffing as a management function. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/more-subjects/principles-of-management/staffing-and-humanresource-management/staffing-as-a-management-function
100. B
Actual results. Control is the management function that involves comparing what was planned with the actual results. To be successful, businesses must be able to achieve what they plan. By monitoring the actual results, managers will know if the business is performing as planned or if changes need to be made. Goals are the objectives the business plans to achieve. Managerial control does not involve comparing what was planned with the operating policies or the established strategies.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2013). Controlling function of management. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/controlling_function.htm
Test 1096
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. A
Diagram. A business can use many different tools to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization. By diagramming the information, the business can draw relationships and make connections among different components of information. The business can analyze the diagram to determine efficiencies and inefficiencies within the business, or it can share the acquired knowledge with employees within the organization. The example is not using authority-based, statistical, or transcription techniques to capture and transfer knowledge within an organization.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Cairns, G. (n.d.). Concept of prioritisation and capture of tacit knowledge. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.iaea.org/nuclearenergy/nuclearknowledge/schools/NKMSchool/archive/2010/trieste2010/16_Capture_%26_Prioritisation_of_Knowledge%28Cairns% 29.pdf
2. D
Clean water. The company violated the clean water laws by dumping toxic waste into a river. Clean air laws regulate emissions and other air pollutants. Food quality laws regulate the quality of the food supply. Endangered species laws protects animals, fish, and birds in danger of becoming extinct.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [p. 670]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. A
Place the good news at the beginning and the bad news in secondary position(s). Bad news stands out, and so while he needs to honestly share bad news, it should be handled with care or else it will eclipse the good news. To do this, good news should always be used at the beginning and be allocated more space than bad news. If a post-script is used, it should contain good news since it will be the last impression for the reader. Negative or bad information is not always urgent.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
4. A
Formal. Different communication styles are appropriate for different situations and for different audiences. When conducting evaluation or counseling interviews with employees, it is usually appropriate to use a formal communication style. The person conducting the interview is in a position of authority and may be discussing problems or behavioral issues with an employee. Maintaining a formal communication style will help the interviewer to remain in control and provide the guidance that may be necessary. Casual and routine communication styles usually are appropriate for discussions between friends or coworkers on the same level. An instructional style may be appropriate when communicating information about how to perform specific tasks.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 37-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
5. A
Excellent verbal skills. It is very important for front desk clerks to have excellent verbal skills because their jobs require handling a great many telephone inquiries. Body-language skills can be used in face-toface communication, but they cannot be used on the telephone. A professional appearance and wide experience are assets on the job, but they are not essential to telephone communication.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 82-84]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
6. C
To arrange findings in a logical manner. Before preparing a business report, it is important to organize the information so the findings are arranged in a logical manner. The facts and findings should be presented in a logical manner so readers will be able to understand the message. If the information is out of order, the message may not be clear. Before the information can be organized, it is necessary to understand the purpose of the report, identify the target audience, and investigate the cause of the problem.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 280-281]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. C
Credibility. The purpose of a persuasive message is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a specific course of action. Credibility is believability. A believable source demonstrates knowledge in a confident, trustworthy, and responsible manner. People are more likely to take action when they feel that the source is credible. Message receivers do not tend to take action if the source exhibits inconsistent behavior. A message receiver will first consider the source's credibility before it considers the source's adaptability. Objectivity is viewing things in an unbiased manner. Since the message sender is trying to get the message receiver to take a certain course of action, the message sender has a specific opinion. Therefore, the message sender may exhibit some bias about the topic at hand.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 290-291]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
8. D
Due diligence. An analytical report provides evaluative information about a problem, opportunity, or previous action. Merging with another company is a major change for a business; therefore, it is important to analyze the advantages, disadvantages, strengths, and weaknesses associated with the potential merger by summarizing information in an analytical report. Reports that address financial issues associated with a certain course of action, such as a merger, are called due diligence reports. A market analysis summarizes information about a segment of the population. Troubleshooting analyses provide guidance for solving problems with a product or process. A justification report provides information that supports or justifies a previous course of action.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 407]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. D
Summarize gathered information. A research report summarizes information gathered from an investigation. Information is often obtained from several sources inside and outside the business. Businesses often request and use research reports to identify problems and opportunities. Information provided in research reports is often used to make important decisions about the business, which may involve setting new objectives for the business.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: California State University Northridge. (n.d.) What is a research paper? Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.csun.edu/~hflrc006/research_handout.html
10. C
The business believes the employee is stealing goods. Information of a private nature should be delivered in person, particularly if the information is of a negative and/or embarrassing nature. In this situation, the staff member should also have a chance to deny the accusation if untrue. Information about a manager's vacation, flextime, or enlarging the department could be openly communicated to the staff.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 7]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. A
Responding to customers' requests with appropriate follow-up procedures. Most anyone in a business can come in contact with the business's customers. For example, a customer who was invoiced incorrectly might need to speak with an accounting department staff member. For a business to possess a service orientation, each employee should be willing to help customers solve problems and answer questions directly or by connecting customers with the appropriate people. Employees who follow up with customers or with appropriate coworkers show customers that they care about them, which can create goodwill. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a higher priced product than the one originally requested by the customer is suggested. Up-selling does not always create goodwill. Although businesses can often anticipate customers' objections to business policies (e.g., product returns), the anticipation does not necessarily create goodwill. Goodwill is usually created when people engage in active listening, not passive listening.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 545, 548-549]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
12. D
Complaining. Ellen's customer is complaining. Nothing seems to make her happy. A suspicious customer questions everything and is constantly worried that your business might take advantage of him/her. An argumentative customer tries to pick a fight with you. A leave-me-alone customer does not want your advice or assistance even though you might be able to help.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
13. D
Industrial. Industrial goods are purchased by producers for resale, to use in making other goods and services, and/or to use in business operations. All of the other alternatives are consumer goods. Convenience goods are consumer goods purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics consumers are willing to exert special effort to obtain. Shopping goods are consumer goods which are purchased by consumers after comparing goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
14. A
Wide. Steve has a wide span of control, meaning he can supervise a higher number of employees at once. A narrow span of control refers to supervising fewer employees at once. Open span of control and tight span of control are not terms used in organizational design.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
15. D
Competition. Competition, the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars, is a characteristic of a market economy. Competition does not exist in all economic systems. A market is any arrangement for the buying and selling of goods and services. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services, such as money. A resource is any item that is used to produce goods and services. All of these are found in all economic systems.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
16. C
Increase sales and profits. A positive effect that productivity has on a business is helping it to increase sales and profits. Productivity allows a business to produce more from set resources. Greater output may result in lower prices, which in turn may result in higher sales and profits. Productivity can be used to measure the strength of the nation's economy. Productivity can affect society by increasing the standard of living. Productivity can limit, but not stop, inflation.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
17. D
Decreasing government spending. The total quantity of money which exists at any one time in a nation is known as the money supply. The federal government can restrict the flow of money by raising taxes, by raising interest rates to borrow money, or by purchasing fewer goods with which to run the government. By decreasing government spending, the federal government can slow economic growth and curb inflation. All of the other alternatives are actions that would increase the money supply.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 76-77). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. D
Gift giving. Gift giving practices vary greatly among countries. In some countries it is customary, or expected, to give gifts in business situations. In other countries, many businesses limit or prohibit gift giving/receiving because it may be viewed as bribery, which is an illegal activity under certain circumstances. Decision making is choosing among alternatives. Risk taking is understanding and accepting the responsibility of not knowing the outcome of a course of action. Ethnocentricity is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [p. 203]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
19. C
Dress conservatively. It is important for U.S. businesspeople to understand different customs and practices to avoid offending businesspeople from different countries and culture. When doing business in France, it is important to dress conservatively by wearing a dark or neutral-colored business suit. French people consider it rude to speak loudly and to arrive somewhere unannounced. Gift-giving practices depend on the specific business's policies.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). France. Retrieved August 2, 2011, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/france.htm
20. A
While discussing sports during a luncheon meeting in Liverpool, England, U.S. businessperson Colt Marconi made the victory sign with the palm of his hand facing him. To avoid offending people, businesspeople should learn about the country's cultural norms, including verbal and nonverbal communication. While a victory sign may be an acceptable gesture (nonverbal communication) in the U.S., it is offensive to British people. Using the appropriate title (e.g., Sir John) to greet a businessperson is acceptable verbal communication. An example of unacceptable verbal communication in England is discussing work during social gatherings that occur after business hours. It is acceptable behavior to order a pint of ale during a business luncheon in England.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). United Kingdom—Great Britian—England: Communications. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/united_kingdom.htm
21. C
Hello, Professor. Titles are very important in Latin American culture, and foreign businesspeople should acknowledge those titles and positions within their society. For example, when greeting a teacher, it is courteous to call him/her professor without the person's surname. An architect is greeted as "Arquitecto," and an engineer is greeted as "Ingeniero." It is not customary to greet Costa Ricans by using their full names. It would be impolite to address a potential customer by using a nickname (e.g., Al) or by using an individual's last name without a title.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (n.d.). Costa Rica: Communications. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/costa_rica.htm
22. B
A dark skirt and jacket, low-heeled shoes, and no jewelry. By wearing a dark business suit, low-heeled shoes, and no jewelry, Carmen is presenting a conservative, professional appearance. Casual slacks, a colorful dress, bold jewelry, and open-toe shoes are appropriate for casual and informal settings. A ball gown and high-heeled shoes are appropriate for very formal affairs rather than for day-to-day business meetings. There is not enough information provided about the short-sleeve white blouse or the slip-on shoes to determine if these items would be appropriate, conservative attire.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Williams, D. (n.d.). Japan: Appearance. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/japan.htm
23. D
Handshake. Greetings are an important gesture to consider when meeting with foreign businesspeople. The tone of a meeting can be negatively impacted by using an inappropriate greeting. Therefore, businesspeople should conduct research and determine the appropriate way to greet their foreign business partners. The handshake is the most common greeting in Middle-Eastern countries. It is important to extend your right hand for the handshake because Middle-Eastern religious beliefs consider the left hand unclean. A bow is appropriate in Japanese culture. A hand wave may be considered too informal or rude in many cultures. A kiss may be considered inappropriate or too forward and personal.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Kwintessential. (n.d.). Doing business in the Middle East. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.kwintessential.co.uk/etiquette/doing-business-middleeast.html
24. A
Gestures. Gestures involve the movement of the body or limbs. These movements express or emphasize an idea, sentiment or attitude. In India, pointing your feet at another person is an offensive gesture. Language is a verbal or written communication difference among cultures. Appearance involves considering a culture's dress or attire preferences. Status is a social consideration.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). India: Behavior. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/india.htm
25. D
Cara is a small-business owner. A small-business owner is an individual who owns a business venture to generate income without intentions of growing or expanding the business. Because Cara purchased the coffee shop from someone else, and she has no desire to expand the business, she is a small-business owner. An entrepreneur is an individual who invents, develops, and distributes a good or provides a service and assumes the risks and rewards of starting and building the business. A franchisor is a parent company and owner of the name and/or system that is being distributed through a licensing arrangement. Wholesalers are intermediaries who help to move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers.
SOURCE: EC:065
SOURCE: Teoh, L. ( 2011, June 3). Difference between an entrepreneur and a small business owner. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.biztechday.com/difference-between-anentrepreneur-and-a-small-business-owner/
26. C
Emotional intelligence is more difficult to measure accurately than traditional intelligence. Although traditional intelligence can be reliably measured with a written test, many tests for emotional intelligence involve self-assessment and, therefore, are not so accurate. It is true that emotional intelligence can be learned, and that traditional intelligence is a characteristic at birth. Emotional intelligence is used along with traditional intelligence to describe the skills and abilities that are needed for career success. Finally, levels of intelligence, either emotional or traditional, are independent abilities. In other words, a person can have high emotional intelligence but average to below average IQ.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. D
An employee's decisions and actions can negatively impact others. If Porter had immediately called the shipping department to stop the incorrect order from being shipped, then the customer would not be burdened with the task of returning the item, and the company would not need to pay extra charges to return the product. Customers' satisfaction levels tend to decrease when they receive the incorrect products, and unnecessary return charges hurt the company's bottom line. Therefore, Porter's decision to wait to take action negatively impacts both the customer and the company. Many routine problems can be resolved without involving supervisors. Porter's lapse of judgment in one situation does not mean that he does not have the ability to perform his job well. Customers react differently to problems and inconveniences; therefore, it cannot be assumed that most customers will become very angry over simple mistakes some of them may become slightly annoyed.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Payne, S. (2009, September 15). Accepting responsibility for your own work. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.insidebusiness360.com/index.php/acceptingresponsibility-for-your-own-work-3-17229/
28. C
Overcommitment. It is important for workers to assess the time involved with a project before volunteering to work on it. When workers volunteer to take on too many activities (overcommitment), they often find that they do not have enough time to complete the projects thoroughly and correctly, which affects the quality of their work. If project managers set reasonable deadlines, work quality is less likely to suffer because team members have more time to ensure that they do their work correctly. Weekly status meetings may improve work quality because the updates may identify problems that require corrective action. Long-term goals do not tend to lead to lower performance quality in the workplace.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Wright, B. (2008, August 27). Avoiding overcommitment: Knowing when to say no. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://everyjoe.com/work/avoiding-overcommitment-knowingwhen-to-say-no-386/
29. C
Maintaining your sense of humor. Being able to laugh at yourself and at annoying things that happen is very good for your positive attitude. It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously and helps you to keep things in perspective. All of the other alternatives are ways of supporting your positive attitude, but they are not intended to keep you from taking yourself too seriously.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
30. A
Your body language says as much, or more, than your words do. Body language is often called "silent language." However, your body language is not an indication of your education. While it is not necessary to refrain from using body language as much as possible, you should consider what you are communicating through your body language. Your body language can have a significant impact on the people around you.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
31. C
Accurate language. Being ethical when communicating information to customers involves telling the truth and not misrepresenting the business or its products. One way that businesses can be ethical is by using accurate language that clearly explains or describes products or other issues. The use of accurate language helps businesses to avoid providing misleading information. The use of simple wording, complex terminology, and everyday slang may be unethical if the language is inaccurate and people are misled.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: Ejim, E. & Hindman K.L. (2013, November 4). What is the role of ethics in business communication? Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-therole-of-ethics-in-business-communication.htm
32. D
Respect their own rights and the rights of others. Assertive people have a confident attitude based on feelings of self-respect. They respect themselves and others. On the other hand, aggressive people ignore the rights of others and take advantage of them. They feel free to make requests of others. People who are passive try to avoid conflict with others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
33. D
Plan your work in advance. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Ongoing stress can have a negative effect on an individual's productivity. People who procrastinate tend to place additional stress on themselves and others because they do not provide enough time to complete the work to the best of their abilities. As a result, work efforts are rushed, mistakes are made, conflicts occur, and the work quality is compromised. One way to reduce this source of stress to is plan your work well in advance. By doing so, you can leave enough time to address unexpected situations and complete quality work with fewer mistakes. Taking short breaks throughout the day, maintaining a healthy diet, exercising, and getting enough sleep are other ways that can help you effectively respond to stress. However, taking breaks every 30 minutes will reduce productivity. Personal tasks should be completed before work, after work, or during breaks.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Help Guide. (2013, August). Stress at work: How to reduce and manage job and workplace stress. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.helpguide.org/mental/work_stress_management.htm
34. D
Reach an agreement. A consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member. Therefore, the process of consensus building is intended to enable a group to reach an agreement. Consensus building helps a group to discuss issues and achieve objectives rather than create a stalemate, which means the group cannot agree. An attitude is the way a person looks at life. Philosophy is the combination of principles, attitudes, or beliefs held by individuals or organizations that influence their behavior.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard!
35. B
Finance charge. Finance charges are interest charges on accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. They are usually a percentage of the total amount due. Annual fees are yearly fees charged for the privilege of using a bank credit card. Interest rates are fees the lender charges the borrower for the use of money. Installment payments are set amounts paid by specific times to repay an installment loan or to pay for an installment credit purchase.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. A
Specific details. The S in SMART goals stands for specific, the first characteristic of effective financial goals. Saving money and spending wisely are good habits that can support financial goals, but they are not what the S in SMART represents. A sense of teamwork is not related to the characteristics of financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
37. C
Total costs. Many banks and credit-card companies offer many different credit cards. To use credit wisely, it is important to compare the various offers of credit to determine the total costs. All credit cards charge an annual percentage rate on the unpaid balance, and some offer a low rate for a short period of time to attract new customers. Some credit cards also charge an annual fee. Then, there are fees for late payment and for cash advances. It is necessary to compare the costs to determine the best offer rather than accept a credit card that has a high interest rate, a high annual fee, and high fees for penalties. The wise use of credit does not involve comparing the various offers of credit to determine the affiliated banks or company sponsors. Credit-card fees and costs are not taxes.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 191-192). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. D
Run a background check. When shopping for an investment broker, you should always run a background check. You're entrusting your money and your financial future to this person, so it's important to make sure s/he deserves that trust. It's not necessary to disclose to a potential broker how much money you have to invest. Certain brokers are more suited to certain investors—what works for your parents will not necessarily work for you. You may want to read the broker's advertisements, but advertisements don't tell the whole story. A background check will provide much more useful information.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: SEC. (2012, January 24). Protect your money: Check out brokers and investment advisers. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.sec.gov/investor/brokers.htm
39. C
Accounting. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. Accurate accounting records can show the owner how the business is doing at any point in time, and enable the owner to plan for the future. Production creates the products that businesses offer for sale. Marketing provides the avenue for businesses to sell their products and consumers a way to obtain needed products. Management oversees all of the other business activities.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
40. A
$4,275. Cash receipts refers to the specific sources of money flowing into the business from such things as the sale of goods and services and interest income. Only collected money is recorded under cash receipts. If a business makes $4,275 from cash sales and $2,960 from credit sales, only the $4,275 can be recorded. The $2,960 in monies owed to the business is referred to as accounts receivable and should not be recorded until it is actually collected. Shipping costs and fixed expenses are cash payments rather than cash receipts.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 859-860). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. A
Reduce risks. The goals of the finance function are to ensure profitability and to reduce risks. Advertising products and giving out information is a goal of the marketing function. Manufacturing raw materials is a goal of the production function.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
42. C
Trainers. Businesses often use current employees to help orient and train new employees. Current employees are familiar with the business's facilities and ways of operating. They can take new employees on a tour of the property, introduce them to coworkers, and explain certain basic procedures. Current employees can answer questions for new employees and help them to feel welcome in their new environment. Businesses do not use current employees to interview, manage, or evaluate new employees during the orientation process.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 293, 300,335]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
43. C
Easy to communicate and quantify. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. In some cases, tacit knowledge might evolve from a gut feeling or intuition about something.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Hanley, M. (2010, October 20). Differentiating tacit and explicit knowledge. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://michaelhanley.ie/elearningcurve/index.php/2010/10/20/differentiating-tacit-and-explicitknowledge/
44. D
Learning how to make customers feel comfortable. Learning how to make customers feel comfortable is an example of receiving knowledge—it's something intangible, gained through experience. Learning the model number of a piece of work equipment, learning the dates of an upcoming sale, and learning a customer's name are all examples of receiving information. Combined with knowledge, these pieces of information could help an employee better accomplish his/her work tasks.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: KM LAP 1—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
45. A
Negative work culture. Tacit knowledge is expertise that is often difficult to explain or quantify. Businesses with positive work cultures tend to encourage openness and sharing, which builds trust among employees. When coworkers trust one another and feel valued by their employers, they are more likely to share their tacit knowledge with one another. Negative work environments tend to foster a distrustful environment, which often discourages employees from sharing their expertise. In these situations, employees are often fearful about losing their jobs and are more likely to keep helpful information to themselves. An unsatisfactory credit rating, uncooperative vendors, and poor customerservice levels are not primary reasons why employees withhold tacit knowledge from coworkers.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Land, F., Urooj, A., & Nolas, S. (2006, December). The ethics of knowledge management. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://is2.lse.ac.uk/wp/pdf/wp152.pdf
46. A
Knowledge mapping. Knowledge mapping software provides the ability to capture a business's information sources and information flow in a graphic format. Knowledge maps help businesses determine if there are underused sources of knowledge, as well as areas in which there is a breakdown or gap in knowledge sharing. An Intranet is a business's internal computer network. Knowledge management software can capture information stored on a company's Intranet, which is one of many sources of a company's knowledge. Production and accounting software are different types of software used in specific functions of business. Businesses do not use these software programs to capture and track an entire organization's tacit and explicit knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Tandukar, D. (2005, January 13). Knowledge mapping. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Knowledge-Mapping&id=9077
47. D
Injunction. An injunction is a court order forbidding a business or a person to perform certain activities. For example, if a former restaurant-chain employee discloses to others a trade secret, such as the chain's fried chicken recipe, the restaurant chain can request an injunction, which legally requires the former employee to stop circulating the recipe. A warrant is a legal document granting permission to do something, such as search a building or facility for evidence. An appeal is a request to review the decision of a lower court. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2011). Trade secret basics FAQ: How can a business enforce its rights if someone steals or improperly discloses confidential information? Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/trade-secret-basics-faq-29099-5.html
48. A
Ability to pay. The relationship between a creditor and a debtor is usually based on the debtor's ability to pay the creditor the amount that is owed. Businesses offer credit to increase sales; however, they expect customers to repay the debt. Therefore, creditors usually base their decision to offer credit to those who they believe have the ability to pay. Creditors establish a billing schedule and pricing method. They also determine the type of account to offer debtors. These factors do not influence the relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., Petty, J.W., & Palich, L.E. (2006). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (13th ed.) [pp. 248-250, 344]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
49. C
Subculture. Martin belongs to the Hispanic-American culture, one of the largest subcultures in the United States. A subculture is a culture within a culture that is usually defined by ethnicity, religion, or geographic location. The Hispanic-American subculture is not necessarily a social group, a family, or a reference group.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: MK LAP 6—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
50. A
Everyone in the organization. Everyone in the organization is responsible for doing his/her part to contribute to appropriate information management. This includes, but is not limited to, the information management department, an information technology manager, and the chief executive officer.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
51. A
Decision-making process. Businesses need to make many decisions on a daily basis that affect the success of the business. To help with the decision-making process, they develop and use information systems, which are methods of gathering, storing, and analyzing data. For example, an information system might store data about current customers and be able to analyze that data to provide information about buying behavior and product preferences. A business can use this information to decide whether to modify products or change its promotional approach. Businesses do not develop and use information systems to help with the public-relations effort, the internal communication plan, or the new recruitment system.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 658). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
To organize vendor information. Businesses often use database software programs to organize and analyze various types of information. For example, a business might organize information about its vendors according to name, location, type of product, selling price, or reliability. Spreadsheet software programs may be used to calculate weekly payroll. Graphics software programs may be used to diagram work schedules. Desktop publishing programs may be used to prepare promotional material.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2010). Marketing essentials [p. 199]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. A
Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions. Broken links and unclear instructions make it difficult, if not impossible, for readers to obtain information or purchase products from a website. Therefore, it is important to make sure that all elements of the web page work properly. Generally, web pages are not patented. A patent doesn't necessarily protect web page content from plagiarism. Although it is a good idea to consult an attorney regarding legal content posted on web pages, not all web pages include legal content. Therefore, it is not a procedure that should always be performed. Web page content is not subject to international trade requirements.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Web Page Mistakes. (2005-2013). Find broken links. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.webpagemistakes.ca/find-broken-links/
54. C
Integrated. Project-management software helps project managers automate, schedule, and track the various project components by computer. An integrated project-management software program performs many types of basic functions, such as database, spreadsheets, graphics, and word-processing. Standalone project-management software performs one function. Presentation software is used to create visual aids to support oral presentations. Abstract is not a type of project-management software.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 47-51). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
55. C
Update the customer's record in the company database. Businesses keep a variety of customer information in a central location—a computer database. When customers change phone numbers and email addresses, move, or go out business, companies need to update their customer database to reflect those changes. If the information is not changed, the business does not have current contact information. This can be costly to the business in situations that involve delinquent accounts and returned mail. The business does not need to create a new record to reflect changes—this would clutter the system with unnecessary data—nor does the business need to create a new database every time a customer's contact information needs to be updated. Employee records, rather than customer records, appear in the company or employee directory.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Interface Management. (2013). Ten rules for maintaining your customer database. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.interfaceonline.co.za/ten-rules-for-maintaining-yourcustomer-database.html
56. D
Cash flow. By monitoring its cash flow statement, Maxton Mart knows when it is running short on cash and can take needed steps to alleviate upcoming cash shortages. If necessary, Maxton Mart should be prepared to take out a short-term loan to cover inventory costs. The income statement provides a picture of a business's profit or loss conditions. The balance sheet shows a snapshot of the business's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Open-to-buy documents indicate how much money the business has to invest in additional inventory.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Mariotti, S., & Towle, T. (2006). Entrepreneurship: How to start and operate a small business (10th ed.) [p. 476]. New York: The National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, Inc.
57. A
Zoning ordinances. Zoning ordinances are regulations that govern the ways in which land and buildings may be used in certain jurisdictions. In many towns and cities, land is designated for commercial (business) or residential use. Although zoning ordinances vary by community, they may regulate the size of the facility or require that some buildings be designed to accommodate a certain style (e.g., American colonial). A company that wants to build a facility in a certain location must consider the city's zoning ordinances to make sure that the regulations are compatible with the company's needs and goals. Health regulations are laws that are designed to protect the health and well-being of society. A partnership agreement is a written agreement (contract) signed by business partners that specifies the terms of the partnership arrangement. The tax code outlines the tax obligations and laws that individuals and businesses must follow.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 744]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
58. B
Employees can reduce their risk for accidents by practicing good health habits. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. It is easier to create a safe work environment than to prevent humans from making mistakes. Many work-related deaths are caused by accidents involving motor vehicles. In many of those cases, substance abuse is involved. Leg muscles should be used to lift heavy loads in order to reduce back strain.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 242-244]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. B
Tight deadlines. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Individuals evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including the task's deadline and the time that it will take to complete the task. If an important report is due in one hour and it takes 30 minutes to prepare, the employee will need to complete the report before working on anything else. Tight deadlines may or may not involve interpersonal communication or the completion of routine activities or interactive tasks.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2013). How to set priorities at work. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/how_6033457_set-priorities-work.html
60. B
Jack pulls stock, Mary packs the box, and Tim places the order on the truck. When one task needs to be completed before another task can be started, then the work must be done in sequential order. Before Tim can place an order on the truck, Mary must pack the stock that Jack pulls from inventory. In this situation, each employee depends on another employee to perform a task before s/he can perform his/her assigned task.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group.
61. B
Planning. Usually, it is best to identify the necessary resources during the planning stage before the project begins. One reason this is important is because the necessary resources might have an effect on how you carry out the project. If some resources are not available or are beyond your ability to obtain, you'll need to find substitutes. Charting and analyzing are not stages of project management. The project comes to an end during the closing stage of the project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
62. B
Make the necessary changes to get the project back on track. An important aspect of controlling a project is monitoring tasks and processes. If something is causing a slowdown or problem, the project manager must take steps to resolve the issue and get the project back on track, so deadlines can be met. For complex projects, this may involve hiring a consultant or organizing an internal committee of team members to review the process and generate ideas and solutions for the problem. Getting the project back on track usually involves monitoring the team members on an ongoing basis; however, it is not always related to encouraging teamwork.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 277]. New York: Penguin Group.
63. D
Does the vendor have the resources to consistently meet our business's needs? A business that wants to build a long-term relationship with a vendor must consider many factors. Most importantly, the business must determine if the vendor has the resources to meet the business's needs. Some resources include the product availability, technical-system compatibility, customer-service support, etc. The vendor's project management computer program is not usually a primary consideration during the vendorselection process. The business's own target market is a marketing consideration for the business rather than for vendor selection. The business's strengths and weaknesses are identified in its SWOT analysis, and do not directly relate to the vendor-selection process.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 132-134). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
64. C
Easier to manage. It is easier to manage vendor relationships when a company works with a small group of vendors. When the company works with fewer vendors, it has more time to cultivate long-term relationships with each vendor. Long-term relationships benefit both the company and the vendor because both businesses are willing to share information; are understanding of each other's needs, expectations, and limitations; and are more willing to work together to resolve conflicts that might occur. Working with a few vendors does not always provide the business with a wider product selection. A disadvantage to working with a few vendors is that supply interruptions are more likely to affect the company because it may not have easy access to another source that sells similar goods or services.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
65. D
Alan placed a large order on March 10 for a new video game that is to be released on June 1. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). Because the item is new, Alan wants to make sure that he orders enough games to meet the anticipated demand upon its release date. Katherine placed a reorder, which is ordering items that have been previously ordered. Fred placed a special order, which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Lindsey placed a blanket order. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. B
MRO goods. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies, janitorial supplies, employee uniforms, and work gloves. While none of these supplies will be part of the company's finished products automotives PVX uses these supplies on a regular basis to ensure that the manufacturing process runs smoothly. Raw materials are items in their natural state or condition, such as glass or steel. Work-in-process consists of the car parts and components that are no longer raw materials but are not completely finished yet. Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be marketed to consumers.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eHow. (n.d.). Inventory types. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/inventory-types
67. A
Deadline driven. Establishing and stating deadlines is one tactic that businesses often use when negotiating with vendors. By providing the vendor with specific deadlines (e.g., shipping orders within 24 hours of order placement), the business is making sure that its requests are met. Limited authority is a negotiation strategy in which one party claims that s/he does not have the authority to meet certain requests. Bargaining involves "give-and-take" tactics by both parties to reach an agreement. Silence involves not speaking and is a good negotiating tactic to use when the discussion becomes heated or when the other party does not like what is being said.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Real Estate Negotiation Institute. (2005-2013). Use deadlines as a negotiation tactic to motivate a response. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://negotiationexpertise.com/reni-blog/deadlines-negotiation-tactic-motivate-response/
68. A
Teamwork. Teamwork is a cooperative effort of two or more people working together to reach a common goal. Teamwork is important to business success. When employees work together and with the business to improve themselves and the products of the business, the result is usually quality. The combination of continual improvement and teamwork creates quality products, a quality atmosphere in the business, and quality service for the customers. Businesses that have a quality culture often develop goodwill with the community and customers. Research and security may contribute to improvement, but teamwork is needed to develop a quality culture.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Briscoe, G. (n.d.). Improving performance through teamwork. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://managers-net.org/improvingperformance.html
69. C
Production. Variable expenses change in proportion to the number of items produced or sold. The more product that is produced, the more expenses there are for utilities and payroll. Therefore, variable costs increase as production increases. Competition is rivalry between two or more businesses to attract customer dollars. Automation is a production method in which machines do tasks automatically. Motivation is the process of getting employees to strive to achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Inc. (2013). Fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/fixed-and-variable-expenses.html
70. B
Making purchases is easier. In a well-maintained business, elevators, escalators, parking facilities, shopping carts, and other equipment used by customers are kept in good condition. This makes purchasing easier for customers. Improved store security, handling larger numbers of customers, and increased sales would be advantages to the business.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Lovelock, C., Wirtz, J., & Chew, P. (2009). Essentials of services marketing (pp. 254-256). Singapore: Prentice Hall.
71. D
Comparing data. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Companies analyze different types of business activities including finances, marketing trends, sales, and production. One aspect of effective analysis involves comparing data. In many situations, comparing data from one period with similar data from another period will help a company determine if it is accomplishing goals, or if it needs to make adjustments to accomplish its goals. When employees are reviewing and analyzing financial reports and income data, they are not informing customers, submitting evidence, or influencing others' opinions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2013). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/course/essential-skills-for-business-analysis//
72. A
Polly reviews several companies' pay scales to determine if the pay range for the firm's marketing director is appropriate. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Businesses analyze a variety of areas that affect their operations, including activities that relate to the human-resources management function. Because the humanresources management function is responsible for finding and hiring skilled workers, it must determine the appropriate pay for those workers, which can be done by reviewing external data gathered from government and industry reports. Information can also be obtained by reviewing other companies' job postings and pay scales, if available. Calculating break-even points is a pricing activity. Gathering vendor quotes is a purchasing activity. Evaluating survey responses is a marketing-research activity.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2013). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/course/essential-skills-for-business-analysis//
73. B
Set and attain a social goal. Sylvia is actively setting and working toward achieving a social goal. She would like to make friends in an environment where she can really get to know someone outside of the classroom. Setting the goal of attending one function weekly gives Sylvia the opportunity to measure her attainment of the goal that she has set. Sylvia is trying to attain a short-term goal rather than a long-term goal. Sylvia has turned her wants into a goal. The goal Sylvia set is not about education.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
74. A
Reverse brainstorming. When you are having a hard time solving a problem, you might want to try to look at your problem in different ways. The reverse brainstorming method involves finding ways to make the problem worse. After writing down negative statements, you try to generate ideas and possible solutions for your worst-case scenario. By looking at the issue in a different way, you may come up with a unique way to solve the problem. Mind mapping is a problem-solving method that involves drawing out your problem on a large sheet of paper. Appreciative inquiry is a problem-solving method that requires you to think positively about the problem. Attribute listing involves listing characteristics of something and then combining some or all of those attributes into something else.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Developing Problem-Solving Skills)
75. B
Posted help-wanted signs. Many local businesses post help-wanted signs in their windows to attract the attention of prospective employees. Young people searching for their first jobs often respond to the helpwanted signs. The young people usually are familiar with these businesses because they are part of the community. Businesses that hire employment agencies, conduct professional searches, and advertise in trade journals usually are looking for employees who have experience or specialized training rather than young people searching for their first jobs.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Tahmincioglu, E. (2012, June 26). Summer help-wanted signs are still up. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.today.com/money/summer-help-wanted-signs-are-still6C9677196
76. C
Qualifications. The major portion of a letter of application should stress the applicant's qualifications for the job. These qualifications might include education, training, and previous experience. The reason why applicants explain their qualifications is to encourage potential employers to ask them to come in for an interview. References and personal information usually are included in a résumé. Applicants should discuss salary expectations during an interview.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 49]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
77. B
Supervise others. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. Employees who want to move up the career ladder into the ranks of management should develop their leadership skills because they will be expected to supervise and lead their subordinates. Employees who demonstrate good leadership skills often are promoted and given more responsibility and authority over others. Higher-level positions do not necessarily require employees to travel internationally, identify customers, or gather information. Also, improving their leadership skills will not enable employees to travel, identify customers, or gather information.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 285). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. D
Take disciplinary action. A firm's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. Often, businesses document the rules of conduct in an employee handbook. If employees break the firm's rules of conduct, the firm may take action to discipline the employee. Disciplinary actions that a firm might take include counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. Employees who do not follow the company's rules of conduct are not usually promoted. Although it is possible for a business to change certain policies, not all policies address the rules of conduct. For example, the business might change aspects of its selling policies, some of which may not address the sales staff's conduct in relation to the selling process. Quotas are specific goals (e.g., sales dollars) to be met.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 84-85]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
79. B
Attendance. To provide a fair and consistent work environment, businesses develop rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. Businesses expect their employees to arrive at work on time and leave work at a designated time. Employees who continuously arrive late not only violate their employers' attendance rules, but cost the companies money for time that the employees are not working. Appearance refers to appropriate dress and hygiene in the workplace. Harassment issues involve saying or doing inappropriate things. Safety violations involve actions that pose harm to themselves, coworkers, customers, or visitors.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 84]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
80. A
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist. The chain of command defines the level of authority and identifies the specific individual who supervises particular employees. In this situation, the Chief Financial Officer reports to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the highest-ranking employee. The Accounting Department Manager reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer, and the Accounts Payable Specialist reports directly to the Accounting Department Manager.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 481]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
81. D
Output. Organizational goals are the business's overall, desired outcomes. The business sets different types of goals to achieve its overall organizational goals. In the example, the business set a goal to produce a certain amount of product. Products are outputs, so this is an output goal. A sales goal involves the number of products actually sold. A profit goal is the amount of money the business wants to make after all of the expenses associated with the product have been paid. Effective goals are specific rather than abstract.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Barnat, R. (1998-2007). Organizational goals. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.introduction-to-management.24xls.com/en104
82. D
Interdependent. Employees perform tasks that are based on individual goals that management sets for each employee. To be successful in achieving the business's overall objectives, the employees must perform their jobs to the best of their abilities. To achieve the business's overall objectives, the employees' work is often performed interdependently. When employees are interdependent, they rely on each other to accomplish something, such as performing their jobs. The example does not indicate that the employees' jobs are incongruent, symmetrical, or flexible.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Ray, L. (n.d.). What is employee interdependence? Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://woman.thenest.com/employee-interdependence-14296.html
83. B
It serves as authorization to start the project. The project charter is a document that outlines the purpose and terms of the project. It serves as a contract with the project's stakeholders. When all stakeholders agree and sign the project charter, it serves as authorization for the project team to begin the project. Actual outcomes cannot be assessed until the project is completed. The work breakdown structure divides the project into work packages and tasks. Often, detailed task information is described in the work breakdown structure dictionary. The project charter may be slightly modified, but any modifications must be approved and signed off on by all stakeholders. Usually, any modifications to the project charter are made by the project manager.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Murray, L.J. (2013, March 6). What is the purpose of a project charter? Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5832232_purpose-project-charter_.html
84. B
Work assignment, task, and subtask. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. When dividing the work, the project manager first divides the entire project into work assignments. Then, each work assignment is broken down by the tasks that the assignment requires for completion. In some situations, each task has subtasks that need to be completed before moving on to the next task.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 86-87). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
85. B
Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them. An important aspect of the project manager's role is to communicate to team members their individual roles and responsibilities for executing the project. When team members understand what is expected of them, the project is more likely to run smoothly and achieve its goals. Providing evaluation forms, asking team members if they like their assignments, and correcting team members' mistakes for them will not help the team members perform their work efficiently.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Project Perfect. (2013, November 19). Managing project team members. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.projectperfect.com.au/info_managing_project_team_members.php
86. A
Objectives have been achieved. When a project closes, it ends. Before closing a project, all members involved with the project—the project manager, project team members, and the stakeholders—must determine that the project objectives have been achieved. After all of the involved parties agree that the project objectives have been achieved, then they conduct activities to close the project, such as obtaining feedback about processes, preparing final reports, dispersing equipment and supplies, and releasing project team members. Some project team members may resume regular duties; however, some team members are contracted workers and their employment ends when the project ends. The project manager, team members, and stakeholders do not need to agree that resources have been used efficiently or that the project stayed within budget to close the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 332-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
87. C
Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes. Project managers and team members often meet at the end of the project (close) to discuss the things that went well during the project and the mistakes made along the way. Evaluating the successes and mistakes made during the course of the project helps the project manager and team members determine how to improve or better handle similar projects in the future. Obtaining resources, determining technology needs, and developing a production schedule are project-planning activities.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 335-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. A
Quality improvement. Making changes in the organization as a means of maintaining quality is an example of quality improvement. Quality improvement is a purposeful action on the organization's part to seek new ways of maintaining and improving quality. Quality control is a process that weeds out defective products after they've been created. It is sometimes referred to as quality inspection. Quality assurance is an organization-wide system that businesses use to ensure that products meet quality standards. Quality command is not a common aspect of quality management.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: QM LAP 1—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
89. C
Discipline and measurement. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that focuses on continuously setting higher goals of perfection to improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. Six Sigma uses quantitative information (easily measureable facts and data) to assess the degree of improvement at various intervals and to continuously set new improvement goals. Because the goals are measureable, the business must be disciplined in carrying out the activities to achieve the established goals at each interval. Comparing the goals with the results holds the business accountable for its actions. Although creativity, innovation, and customization may be important aspects of developing quality products for some businesses, these aspects are not the focus of the Six Sigma framework.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [p. 286]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. B
Establish benchmarks. Continuous improvement is the ongoing practice of looking for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. To determine if a business is improving the quality of its various products and processes, it needs to establish benchmarks—ways to provide a basis for comparison or evaluation of various components. If a business determines that benchmarks are not being achieved, then it may need to change processes or take corrective action. Change might include soliciting new customers or implementing new policies, depending on the situation being evaluated.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: DiPiro, J.T. (2010, October 11). Benchmarking for quality improvement. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2987302/
91. C
No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management. Business policies are the rules or guidelines that employees must follow. One reason that businesses develop credit policies is to protect the business from financial losses. Offering credit to a customer who does not meet the business's credit criteria may be costly to the business because the customer may not be able to make installment payments for the product. Employees who bypass these types of policies without proper authorization from management are breaking company rules, are not behaving ethically, and are, in many situations, fired for such behavior. Although some businesses have flexible policies, not all businesses do. Governments regulate credit practices, but they do not require businesses to offer credit to individuals and businesses that have poor credit scores or do not meet basic criteria.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 267-268). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
92. C
Firewalls. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on their computer networks. Firewalls are computer programs designed to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data. A frame allows a computer user the ability to view more than one web page at a time in a single browser. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 122-124 ). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
93. D
The insurance policy holders are also the company's stockholders. A risk retention group is a type of insurance company that is owned by its members—its stockholders. As the owner of the insurance company, a risk retention group retains and controls its liability rather than transferring its risks to another entity. Risk retention groups are typically formed by similar businesses and industries and pay lower licensing fees than traditional insurance companies.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Investorwords.com. (n.d.). Risk retention group (RRG). Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.investorwords.com/15646/risk_retention_group_RRG.html
94. B
Setting goals. The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. An important aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes. All other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—are affected by the planning function. Monitoring work is an element of the control function of management. Training employees and assessing their performance are elements of the staffing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). How to do planning. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://managementhelp.org/planning/index.htm
95. A
Establishing levels of authority. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Establishing levels of authority is an organizing activity. Motivating techniques are directing activities. Promoting employees is a staffing activity. Conducting performance reviews is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.teamextension.com/cms/content/five-basic-functions-management
96. D
Necessary skills. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important aspect of staffing involves hiring employees to do the work. To hire qualified employees, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Investment goals, communication methods, and reimbursement procedures are not primary staffing considerations when a manager decides to hire a new employee.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2013). Staffing as a management function. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/more-subjects/principles-of-management/staffing-and-humanresource-management/staffing-as-a-management-function
97. D
A manager disciplines an employee for inappropriate behavior in the workplace. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. An important part of guiding workers involves disciplining them when necessary. Sometimes, when employees are not doing what they need to be doing, managers need to discipline them. This might involve telling them that certain behaviors are inappropriate. Interviewing job applicants is a staffing activity. Coordinating tasks is an organizing activity. Recommending changes is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.teamextension.com/content/five-basic-functions-management
98. C
It helps clarify the employee's role in the business. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. By providing guidance, managers are clarifying the employees' roles in accomplishing the business's goals. Although the business is more likely to achieve its goals if coworkers are willing to collaborate and maintain positive working relationships, directing is primarily focused on making sure that employees understand and carry out their responsibilities. Setting goals and defining the business's purpose and vision are planning activities.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2013). Importance of direction function. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
99. A
To maintain appropriate control. Controlling is the management function that involves comparing what was planned with the actual results. To be able to make comparisons, managers need to develop standards to measure the productivity of specific business activities. If activities do not meet the standards, managers can make changes to increase productivity. Planning is the management function that includes gathering information, making decisions, and setting goals. Directing is the management function responsible for seeing that workers perform their tasks correctly and on time. Developing standards to measure productivity is not directly related to minimizing the cost of goods sold.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Boundless. (n.d.). Fulfilling the controlling function. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from https://www.boundless.com/management/introduction-to-management/principles-ofmanagement/fulfilling-the-controlling-function/
100. B
Business plan. A business plan is the written business model that describes how a business will operate and achieve its objectives. The business plan outlines the strategies that the business will use to achieve its goals. To determine if the business is achieving its goals, it must track its actual performance in relation to the goals detailed in the business plan. If the business determines that it is not achieving certain goals, it can take steps to improve its performance. A corporate charter is a legal document that permits a business to operate as a corporation. An annual report summarizes the business's financial status. Tax returns are documents sent to the appropriate government taxation agency.
SOURCE: SM:006
SOURCE: Greater Richmond Small Business Development Center. (2011). Strategic business plan. Retrieved November 19, 2013, from http://www.grsbdc.com/operating_a_business-plan.html
Test 1124
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. C
Express. An agent is a person or business that is authorized to conduct certain business activities with third parties on the behalf of another person or business (principal). When the principal provides the agent with express authority, the principal gives specific directions, often in writing, to the agent who is handling certain business matters for the principal. Provisional, temporary, and unlimited are not widely used terms to describe types of legal authority in agency relationships.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Tatum, M. (2015, September 10). What is express authority? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-express-authority.htm
2. B
Increase operating costs. Environmental laws are intended to conserve and protect the natural environment. Many of these laws have an impact on the way businesses operate by requiring them to decrease pollution or control waste. As a result, businesses often need to spend money to comply with the rules and regulations, which leads to an increase in operating costs. For example, a business might need to purchase pollution-control devices. Environmental laws do not require businesses to hire more employees or develop exterior landscapes. The laws do not limit equipment purchases. In fact, businesses may need to buy more equipment to comply with the laws.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: U.S. Chamber of Commerce. (2015). Increasing environmental regulation. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from https://www.uschamber.com/regulations/increasingenvironmental-regulations
3. C
Corporation. Corporations can be complex to form, but they provide protection for their owners because each owner's liability is limited to the amount of his/her investment. A partnership is a business owned by two or more people. A sole proprietorship is a type of business ownership in which only one person owns and manages the business. A licensing arrangement is a business structure that requires the authorization or permission from an owner to another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted (e.g., logo, name), or patented material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. B
To avoid a costly trial. Many parties opt for settlements because they wish to avoid costly, lengthy trials. Trials can often damage a company's or person's reputation. Some parties settle because they wish to minimize damage to their reputations. A judge still must approve settlements.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: Ellis-Christensen, T. (2015, September 2). What is a legal settlement? Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-legal-settlement.htm
5. D
Confidential. Arbitration is private and not open to the media, so parties may choose arbitration if they want to keep information confidential. Arbitration is consensual. Both parties must sign an agreement assenting to arbitration. Arbitration is neutral, not biased. Arbitration is final and binding, not temporary.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Ellis, J. (2015, August 14). What is an arbitration? Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-arbitration.htm
6. A
The federal government's labor and workforce website. When exploring career trends, researchers need to identify credible sources that keep their information up-to-date. Federal governments often post and regularly update career information on their labor and workforce websites. The United States posts and publishes the Occupational Outlook Handbook, which provides information about career trends for hundreds of careers. The Canadian government posts career information about job trends in Canada on a website called Working in Canada. There is not enough information provided to determine if the accounting textbook or newspaper article contains current or relevant career information about accounting. An insurance trade publication is more likely to contain articles about insurance careers than accounting careers.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. D
Anger. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that use gestures and facial expressions rather than words. Nonverbal behavior can indicate what the sender and/or the receiver think about a message. If the recipient responds to a message by frowning and clenching his/her fists, it is likely that the message has made the recipient angry. Message recipients might cry or cover their faces with their hands if the message contains sad news. Smiling and jumping up and down usually indicate that a message contains good news, which causes joy. Message recipients might express nervousness by tapping their toes, shaking, twitching, or biting their fingernails.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. D
Information is complex. In some situations, it is difficult to give effective verbal directions. One situation is when the information is complex. Managers sometimes make the mistake of believing that all directions can be given verbally. However, if the information is complex and requires an extensive explanation, it may be better to provide verbal directions as well as written instructions or diagrams. If the complex information is difficult to understand, employees will be better able to follow the directions if they are presented in several ways. It is not difficult to give effective verbal directions if time is important, managers are organized, or employees are focused.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (n.d.). How to give verbal instructions. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2108584_give-verbal-instructions.html
9. D
Practice. Practicing is the best way to prepare for an oral presentation. There are several effective practicing techniques. Some people prefer to record their presentations and view them later in order to evaluate their performance. Others prefer to practice in front of a mirror or before a few coworkers in order to gain feedback. Whatever technique is used, practicing helps a person to become more comfortable and confident. The actual presentation involves articulating, communicating, and performing.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 214]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. C
Time. The system used or the way information is organized often depends on the type of information or task at hand. In the example, the employee must track delinquent accounts. Because some accounts are more overdue than other accounts the employee may use time as a method of organizing the information. Each interval may require the employee to take a different action, such as mailing a late notice to accounts that are 30 days past due, calling accounts that are 60 days past due, and turning accounts over to collection agencies that are 90 days past due. Each action is based on a certain time frame. The example does not indicate if the invoice numbers, locations, or names are organized in a specific manner.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Bradley, S. (2010, March 15). How to organize information and improve your design. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.vanseodesign.com/web-design/organizinginformation/
11. D
Primary sources may be difficult to find. The writing process typically involves several steps: pre-writing, drafting, revising, editing, and publishing. During the editing step, the writer or copyreader should review what has been written to determine if it meets certain criteria to be published and/or shared with others. These criteria include proper sentence structure, appropriate grammar and punctuation, correct spelling, etc. "Primary sources may be difficult to find" is the only statement that is properly structured, contains appropriate grammar and punctuation, and is spelled correctly. The word "quota" is singular, so "Roger's weekly sales-volume quota are $8,500" contains an incorrect verb (the verb should be "is," not "are"). In the statement "Carole is developing a prodect analysis sheet", the word "prodect" is spelled incorrectly (the correct spelling is "product"). The phrase "Frank, Gus, and Bob" is a plural subject, so the wrong verb is used in the predicate of the sentence (the verb should be "are" instead of "is").
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Margie. (2013, September 13). Middle school lesson on the writing process: How to edit. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.brighthubeducation.com/middle-schoolenglish-lessons/7570-teaching-writing-process-how-to-edit/
12. D
Title. The inside address section of a business letter should include the addressee's title, which might be both a courtesy title and a job title, if known. A courtesy title such as Mr. or Ms. should always be used, along with a job title such as manager or president whenever possible. A correct inside address with title is as follows: Mr. John Doe, President. The subject, date, and message are not part of the inside address section of a business letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (p. 200). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
13. A
Market analysis. Analytical reports are documents that evaluate issues, opportunities, or problems. A market analysis is a type of analytical report that evaluates a particular market. A market, for example, might include a specific age range of a particular group who live in a specific geographic location. Troubleshooting reports address specific problems, such as a problem with a process. A justification report is a type of analytical report that evaluates the success or failure of a previous decision or course of action. A feasibility report summarizes the positive and negative consequences of taking a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 411-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. C
Fair and equal treatment. Receiving fair and equal treatment from a business promotes goodwill with customers. Even customers who disagree with the business may not complain if they feel they received fair treatment. Giving customers benefits based on who they are is an example of unfair and unequal treatment. The business must live up to a promise of satisfaction in order for the promise to have meaning. A customer-oriented approach would be more likely to create positive customer relations than a business-oriented approach.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Yonyx. (2013, October 10). Being fair with your customers at all times. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://corp.yonyx.com/customer-self-service-2/being-fair-with-your-customersat-all-times/
15. D
Suspicious. These customers want facts and proof before making the final buying decision. They tend to question everything you tell them. This skepticism may be the result of bad experiences with other businesses. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help. Dishonest customers try to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make buying decisions because of shyness or indecisiveness.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 9—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. A
Increasing interest payments. Businesses often borrow money in order to buy goods for resale. The longer the period of time money is borrowed, the higher the amount of interest charged on the loan will be. List prices are prices established by a seller of goods, services, or resources, and they are not affected by customer complaints. Customer complaints would also not affect trade, or functional, discounts—deductions from the list price of goods for performing certain marketing activities.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Bernard, S. (2009, December 11). The lure of store credit cards and the hook. Retrieved September 23, 2015 from http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/12/your-money/credit-and-debitcards/12cards.html?_r=1
17. B
Trees. As trees are cut, people can plant new trees so that more timber will be available. Nature replaces oil deposits and minerals over a period of years. Water is replaced by rain.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
18. D
Economics. Economics is the study of how to meet unlimited, competing wants with scarce resources. Sociology is the study of man's social interactions. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
19. A
To increase employee satisfaction. Many businesses recognize that they have a social responsibility to the overall well-being of employees. They want their employees to be mentally satisfied with their jobs. Many businesses offer benefits such as counseling, retirement planning, and additional training in order to increase employee satisfaction so that employees can focus their attention on work. Businesses do not offer such benefits in order to comply with government regulations, promote community involvement, or improve personal relationships.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society)
20. C
Ethical. Ethical behavior in business means doing what is right. This involves making decisions that are honest and fair and that do not harm or take advantage of others. Being ethical is often difficult because it may involve putting others first. When businesses make decisions that are honest and fair, they are not being accommodating, patient, or generous.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
21. A
Personal choices. Even though there are many economic freedoms in a private enterprise system, there also are certain limits. We are limited by our own choices. If we choose to buy one thing, we may not have enough money to buy another. We may need to choose which item is more important to us. Private property, profit motive, and pricing systems are characteristics of a private enterprise system rather than limits to economic freedom.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
22. A
Income from sales. Income is the first factor that businesses consider when calculating profit. The gross profit of a business is computed by subtracting cost of goods sold from income from sales. The net profit is calculated by subtracting operating expenses from the gross profit. Market share is an organization's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
23. A
Depression. In an economic depression, consumers often choose to save their incomes due to uncertainty about the future. Many of them also lose their jobs, so there is more incentive to save than to spend. In a period of economic expansion, consumers spend more and save less because they are optimistic about the future. During times of economic recession, consumers are inclined to save more and spend less; however, it is for a shorter time period than an economic depression. In an economic recovery, consumers begin to spend again because there is optimism about the future of the economy.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (pp. 64-66). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
24. C
Absolute advantage. Countries should trade those products in which they have an absolute advantage. Domestic needs are the needs of the citizens within a particular country. International interdependence is the reliance of one country on another for various economic goods and services. Comparative advantage refers to the benefit a country obtains from specializing in and producing goods and services at which it is relatively most efficient.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (Global Trade)
25. D
Honesty. Honest people tell the truth, even when it may cause problems for them. By accepting responsibility for her own actions and telling her supervisor about the mistake she made, Claire is being truthful. Enthusiasm involves showing a great deal of interest in something. Self-control is restraint of your feelings, words, and actions. Adaptability is the ability to adjust to changing conditions.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
26. A
Admit the mistake. This is the first step to self-improvement. An employee who becomes defensive, embarrassed, or ignores criticism will probably show little improvement on the job.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
27. A
It is the only constant in life. In the modern world, people are constantly faced with change. The only thing that doesn't change is that changes will keep happening. People, therefore, need to learn to adjust to change because they will have to deal with it all their lives. Learning to adjust to change is not for the purpose of influencing other people or trying to help them to change. People benefit from some changes and are harmed by others.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013, January 18). 12 tips for overcoming your fear of change at work. Retrieved October 1st, 2015, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/01/18/12-tips-forovercoming-your-fear-of-change-at-work/
28. A
Listening carefully. Listening to others without interrupting is a sign of respect. It shows that you are interested in what they have to say. It also shows you are trying to understand them, and that is an aspect of empathy. Asking few questions would indicate a lack of interest in others. Being critical is negative and directly opposed to empathy. Limiting your contacts with others is avoidance behavior that provides little opportunity for empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
29. B
Don't make eye contact. Lack of eye contact usually indicates dishonesty, nervousness, embarrassment, or boredom. Eye contact is an important element of body language. Making eye contact with others lets them know that you are listening when they are talking. And when you make eye contact while you're the one doing the talking, you give off a sense of confidence and honesty. Dishonesty, nervousness, embarrassment, and boredom are not indicated by using concise communication, by talking a lot, or by the absence of body language.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: QS LAP 25—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
30. B
Understand your audience. When you are persuading others, you are trying to get them to see things a certain way or to take a certain course of action. Before you can persuade people, you must first know what appeals to them. When you have a general idea about their likes, dislikes, opinions, and needs, you will be able to prepare a message that will appeal to them. After you understand your audience, and you know how to present your message in a way that will appeal to them, you can state your case using clear communication, which may include expressing a particular want or need.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: EI LAP 121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
31. D
Standing. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time. A committee whose members are expected to serve for three years would be considered a standing committee. An ad-hoc committee is a temporary committee that deals with a specific or unexpected issue. A multifunctional committee may deal with a variety of issues. The committee members did not volunteer but were appointed.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2015) Standing committee. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-committee.html
32. A
Permanent. A vision is the future you wish to create. Though visions often develop from abstract dreams, they must be achievable at some point in the future—they must be realistic. Realistic visions yield permanent (rather than conditional) results. The results achieved may impact individuals throughout their lives, as well as generations of people in the distant future. A realistic vision does not need to yield complex or noble results.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This! (Determining Vision)
33. B
Authoritarian. Authoritarian managers like being in charge, creating detailed plans for employees, and handling all major work problems themselves. If you like rules, directions, and close supervision, you'd be a good match for an authoritarian manager. You probably wouldn't get along quite as well with other types of managers. Democratic managers share authority, seek input, and encourage employees to participate, while laissez-faire managers let their employees function independently and don't give specific or detailed directions. Interdependent is a word that refers to two or more things that need to rely on each other. It isn't a type of management.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 37—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
34. D
Flexibility. Flexibility is a motivator that attracts many budding entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs are their own bosses, and they are able to decide when and where to work and for how long. Flexibility allows an entrepreneur to control and manage time based on individual needs and desires and on the nature of the business. Entrepreneurs often have to work very long hours, but this is not a reason to become an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs face a great deal of risk and responsibility.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
35. B
Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest. The time value of money is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Because Rachel placed her money in an interest-earning account, her money is worth $12.50 more than it was last year. Buying a phone, the amount of annual income allocated for expenses, and property taxes paid do not indicate the future value of a set amount of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 30-31]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
36. A
Like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month. When you pay the balance on a credit card each month, you are getting what amounts to a free loan. A credit card is not a good way to pay for impulsive purchases—impulsive purchases are usually a bad idea no matter how you pay for them. Credit cards are not an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period. Nowadays, easy access to credit cards is a growing problem.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. D
Net pay. The net pay is the amount of money Althea will actually receive after all her withholdings have been taken out. This is the money that will be deposited in her bank account. The gross pay is the amount she earns before her withholdings are taken out. Federal income tax and state tax are money that Althea owes to the government.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Clearpoint. (2015). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.clearpointcreditcounselingsolutions.org/how-to-read-your-pay-stub/
38. A
Credit union. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members, who are also the owners of the credit union. Although many credit unions are tied to a particular business or labor union, some are not affiliated with any certain entity or organization. Commercial banks, insurance companies, and savings and loan associations are not user-owned, and they typically are for-profit financial institutions. A commercial bank is a full-service bank offering a variety of banking services including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards. While an insurance company may offer some banking services, it is likely to focus on the sale of insurance policies to individuals and businesses. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers, most of which are for real estate purchases.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 143-146]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. B
Assets minus liabilities should equal owner's equity. The balance sheet gets its name from the fact that the figures it presents must balance each other. When the business subtracts what it owes (liabilities) from what it owns (assets), the result should be the same as the owner's equity. This is the total net worth of the business. Income, expenses, and net profit are all found on an income statement.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
40. D
So employees are aware of their effect on the business's profits. A budget is an estimate of income and expenses for a specific period of time. A budget is a tool that helps a business to manage its money. A budget should be realistic, well planned, and communicated to employees. Employees need to know how their actions affect the amount of money that flows into and out of the business—how their decisions affect the business's bottom line. Knowing about the budget can motivate employees to be more costconscious, which can help the business become more profitable. Overtime for hourly employees is one aspect that may affect the business's profits. Privately-held businesses are not legally required to disclose certain types of financial information to employees in certain jurisdictions. If necessary, management, rather than employees, can adjust the budget.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
41. D
15.42. Investors use the price-to-cash-flow ratio to determine the relative worth of a potential investment. A low price-to-cash-flow ratio is often an indication that the market has undervalued a particular stock, while a high price-to-cash-flow ratio can be a sign that the stock has been overvalued. The formula used to determine a company's price-to-cash-flow-ratio is Price-to-Cash-Flow Ratio = Current Stock Price / Cash Flow per Share. First, to determine the cash flow per share, divide the company's cash flow by the number of shares outstanding ($1,680,500 / 570,000 = $2.95). So, the cash flow per share is $2.95. Next, divide the current stock price by the cash flow per share to determine the company's price-to-cashflow ratio ($45.50 / $2.95 = 15.42).
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Price-to-cash-flow ratio. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-to-cash-flowratio.asp
42. C
The first day on the job. Orientation is an introductory program for new employees in which they are given basic information about the company and its policies. Orientation should take place as soon as possible after hiring so that employees know enough about the company to feel comfortable and to get off to a good start. It would be ineffective to provide orientation monthly or only at the convenience of management or the employees.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (n.d.). New employee orientation. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://humanresources.about.com/od/glossaryn/g/orientation.htm
43. A
They want to ensure that organizational knowledge isn't wasted. Organizations undertake knowledge management because they want to make sure that organizational knowledge is available for use, not wasted. New knowledge comes from both within and outside of an organization. Organizations that undertake knowledge management value an organizational culture of learning. There are no laws or regulations forcing organizations to manage knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: KM LAP 1—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
44. A
Transparent. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. Transparency is the quality of being just as one's seems—trustworthy. When employees have expertise or personal insight that can help the business achieve its goals, they should share their knowledge with their employers. Sharing knowledge means that the employees have a transparent attitude; they are willing to share their knowhow, and they are not deliberately concealing knowledge that will help the business achieve its goals. Although curious and cautious behaviors are desirable traits, they are not needed for effective knowledge management processes. Businesses do not, as a general rule, want employees to be argumentative.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2015). Critical success factors in business knowledge management. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/critical-success-factorsbusiness-knowledge-management-76598.html
45. B
Message boards. A message board is a page on a website that allows computer users to ask questions and post responses to the questions. Message boards allow customers and employees to share information to solve problems, which may or may not contain interesting content. Meta tags are Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) codes that display information about web pages. Bots are computer programs that scan the Web to find computer-program updates.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Abraham, C. (2015, January 9). 2015 is the year of message boards and forums. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.business2community.com/tech-gadgets/2015-yearmessage-boards-forums-01115826
46. A
Participating in a community of practice. A community of practice is an informal group that is formed by people who have common interests. In communities of practice, group members share ideas, discuss problems, and brainstorm solutions. By doing so, the group members are transferring their knowledge among themselves. One or all members can capture and record the collected knowledge for future personal or group use. In the example, Jack and his friends share a common bond because all of them work in technology. When the group met, Jack's friends offered suggestions for resolving his work dilemma; therefore, the group is a community of practice. Groupthink is a situation that occurs when conforming to the group becomes more important than expressing individual judgment and ideas. A strategic alliance is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels for the benefit of all parties; the relationship is usually short-term or for a single project/transaction. The situation is not an example of a formal interview.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Dale, S. (2010, May). Cultivating knowledge through communities of practice. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.slideshare.net/stephendale/cultivating-knowledgethrough-co-ps-may-2010
47. A
Explain the advantages. Business employees often need to help customers make the decision to buy. One way to motivate customers is to explain the advantages of purchasing the product. If customers clearly understand the benefits and advantages, they are often motivated to buy. It is important to listen to questions, but answering those questions by explaining the advantages of buying the product will motivate customers to make a decision. Employees should answer any objections in order to point out the advantages. Offering many substitutes might confuse customers and prevent them from making the decision to buy.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 302). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. C
Information that is needed. Information is a collection of facts, statistics, or data. Before businesses can use the information, they must determine the type of information that is needed. For example, does a business need economic data because it wants to expand, or does it need marketing data because it wants to attract new customers? The business must decide the type of information it needs before it can obtain and use that data. Businesses do not need to determine the type of computer system to purchase, the type of report that is required, or the type of collection process to develop before using relevant data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 26]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. B
The XPB Company takes precautions to maintain the privacy of its clients' information. Businesses collect and maintain information about their employees, clients, products, and activities, and some of the information may be private or confidential. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm or embarrassment to clients or employees. Internet firewalls and computer passwords are ways in which businesses protect electronic information. Selling a customer mailing list without the customers' consent, distributing an employee's performance review to coworkers, and deliberately preparing an annual report in a confusing manner are unethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 152, 375, 403]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
50. D
Some technologies can create pollution. Although technology provides many benefits, there are also some negatives, as well. For example, technology can often be held responsible for certain environmental issues, like air pollution. This means a company usually has to address these problems for public relations purposes. Technology doesn't make it more difficult to enter new and foreign markets; actually, it makes it much easier, since the internet allows businesses to sell their products to anyone, anywhere in the world. Rather than placing less emphasis on research and development as a result of technology, businesses often place more emphasis on research and development of new technologies. Technology doesn't typically impact employee-assistance programs.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
51. B
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards. Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or screen.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Simpson, A. (n.d.). What is hardware? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.coolnerds.com/Newbies/Hardware/hardware.htm
52. C
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses are able to enter mathematical information into rows and columns, and the software provides accurate calculations in a matter of seconds. Database software programs maintain information according to specific criteria. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. Graphics software programs are used to combine text and pictures to create visual impact.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. C
Make decisions. Project-management software helps project managers automate, schedule, and track the various project components by computer. If used appropriately, the software can help a project run efficiently. One thing software cannot do is make decisions. Individuals make decisions that are often based on input entered into the computer.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 378]. New York: Penguin Group.
54. B
Make sure all the data are saved in a backup location. It's important for Daniela to make sure all the company's data are saved in a backup location. If something goes wrong while she's moving the data into the new system, this will help her avoid losing all that information. She should tell employees about the change before it occurs. She should wait to delete the old system until she installs the new one. This way she'll be less likely to lose information if something goes wrong. The change should be scheduled to occur at a convenient time, not during a project deadline, so that it will not disrupt the office's work.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Matteson, S. (2013, November 1). Best practices for change management in the data center. Retrieved September 16, 2015, from http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/data-center/bestpractices-for-change-management-in-the-data-center/
55. D
Human resources records. A company's human resources records include employee attendance as well as notes (positive or negative) about each employee's performance. Production records would not be helpful in evaluating customer service employees because those employees do not work in the part of the company that produces the products. R&D records are not helpful because customer service employees do not work in research and development. Inventory records track the products in the warehouse, which is not the responsibility of the customer service department.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Montgomery, B. (2010). Basic business: Good record keeping. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.powerhomebiz.com/vol11/recordkeeping.htm
56. A
Return on investment. The return on investment is calculated by dividing the net profit by the amount spent. This type of information helps the business measure the success of a specific business activity. Retention rates provide information about repeat customers. Sales strategies are the activities salespeople use to sell products. A sales commission rate is a form of compensation paid to salespeople that is based on a certain percentage of sales volume or sales dollars.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-ImproveAnd-Measure-Business-Performance&id=744164
57. B
An assistant buyer accepts a gift from a potential vendor. Gift giving and receiving is often viewed as bribery. Many businesses implement policies that require their employees (e.g., assistant buyers) to refuse gifts from vendors. Because purchasing is an operations function, buyers and assistant buyers are often exposed to situations in which vendors present them with gifts to obtain business. Therefore, it is important for operations employees to understand the company's policies about gift giving and receiving. A salesperson who gives a customer a price break on an obsolete item is engaged in a selling activity. This selling activity is unethical if the salesperson does not tell the customer that the product is obsolete. Obtaining shipping information from transportation companies and changing the weekly production schedule are ethical operations activities.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 567-570]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. A
Maximum capacity code. Maximum capacity codes exist to protect a business's employees and customers from harm if an emergency (e.g., fire) occurs on the premises. If there are too many people in a facility that has only two exits, it becomes more difficult to get everyone out of the facility safely in emergencies. The maximum capacity for a business depends on the physical size and layout of the building, the number of exits in the building, and the jurisdiction's requirements. The business did not violate a federal property law, traffic ordinance, or construction permit.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Adkins, W.D. (n.d.). How to calculate the seating capacity of a restaurant. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/calculate-seating-capacityrestaurant-39808.html
59. B
A safe work environment. Accidents and their costs can be reduced considerably if businesses create safe work environments. Unsafe conditions can be prevented more easily than unsafe acts. Therefore, businesses should create safe work environments that prevent their employees from making hazardous mistakes. Comfortable lounge areas, attractive furnishings, and convenient lunch rooms are not factors that help prevent accidents and injuries.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
60. D
To protect the integrity of the business's logo. Trademarks protect unique symbols, designs (e.g., logo), or words that businesses use to identify their brands. A business can legally protect its logo from unauthorized use by registering the logo with the appropriate government agency. If an unauthorized entity compromises or uses the logo in harmful, embarrassing, or negative ways, trademark protection provides the business with legal recourse. Copyrights provide legal protection for written, musical, and artistic works. Patents are obtained to legally protect inventions and certain types of processes (e.g., unique manufacturing processes) for a limited amount of time.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 796-800]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
61. A
Prioritizing. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. When employees prioritize their work, they evaluate several factors, including due dates and the time it will take to complete a task. In Luke's situation, he determined that he needed to start acquiring bids before working on the inventory report, even though the report was due before the bids. Because Luke realized that he had to allow vendors time to provide the bids, he needed to give them the order specifications promptly. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to others. Luke is not delegating, simplifying, or communicating information about his workload to others.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Snell, S. (2011, April 21). 7 tips for prioritizing tasks effectively. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.vandelaydesign.com/how-to-prioritize-tasks/
62. C
Pooled. Pooled task interdependence involves several employees working independently on different tasks at the same time. When the employees finish their tasks, they combine or pool their individual outputs to create the final output. Sequential task interdependence means that one worker must complete a task before the next worker can perform his/her task. Reciprocal task interdependence occurs when one team member's work is dependent on others' work and requires extensive sharing of information and working together on a regular basis. The example does not illustrate reversed task interdependence.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Murray, L. (2015). Three types of interdependence in an organizational structure. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-interdependenceorganizational-structure-1764.html
63. B
Plans should change if necessary. Because events sometimes surprise us, we should change our plans when necessary. Plans aren't set in stone. They should not always stay the same. Projects are monitored, not plans. And, planning early is much more helpful than planning right before the project starts.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
64. D
To obtain a needed delivery date. The people responsible for purchasing should always seek to buy needed goods and services at the lowest possible price, provided that quality, delivery, and service do not suffer. It may not be efficient to purchase at the lowest possible price if the materials cannot be delivered on time. Obtaining the needed delivery date is a reason why a business might decide to purchase goods for a price higher than the lowest possible price. A business would not purchase goods for a price higher than the lowest possible price in order to spend additional funds, satisfy a favorite vendor, or arrange flexible contracts.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
65. B
A vendor with prices that are consistently higher than the competition's bids. If a vendor's prices are consistently higher than industry standards, Maurice should think twice about continuing to do business with that company. A vendor may have a late shipment one time and still be reliable; in fact, sticking with a vendor through a (temporary) rough patch can help the relationship in the long run. It's a good sign if a vendor is willing to let Maurice tour the plant and view its financial statements. This means the vendor has nothing to hide. A vendor that has been in business with the same president for many years is reliable and stable, which means that it will likely be a good company to do business with.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Entrepreneur.com. (2015). How to find and work with suppliers. Retrieved on September 23, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/66028
66. B
Have a cooperative orientation. When a business has a cooperative orientation, it is willing to work with other businesses to achieve their mutual goals. Having a cooperative orientation involves a willingness to share relevant information, to negotiate fairly (assertively), and to be trustworthy and reliable. Using aggressive negotiation tactics will likely not maintain favorable relationships with vendors. In fact, this action is likely to create conflict. A business does not need to use a decentralized buying structure to maintain favorable relationships with vendors. Insufficient information is provided to determine whether the return policies will help or hinder relationships with vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 390-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
67. C
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. A rush order is a request for an order to be shipped for immediate delivery.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Mulligan, T. (2015). What is a blanket order? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/blanket-purchase-order-60030.html
68. A
Buttons, cloth, and thread. Raw-materials inventory are goods (inputs) that are used to make a finished good (output). Buttons, cloth, thread, and zippers are examples of goods used to make clothing (finished goods), such as shirts. Sewing machines are equipment used to combine the inputs to create the outputs or finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2015). What is the difference between raw material inventory and finished goods? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/differencebetween-raw-material-inventory-finished-goods-70127.html
69. D
Concession. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later in the negotiation process. Withdrawal is a conflict response mode in which one or both parties exhibit passive behavior and express a low level of cooperation. A plea is a request. A position is what someone believes about an idea or issue.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 476-478]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. D
To be competitive. Businesses must have efficient production in order to be competitive. Efficient production turns out the maximum number of products at the lowest cost. If the business's costs of production are higher than its competitors' costs, the business will have to set its prices higher than competitors' prices. This is likely to reduce sales. Businesses do not have efficient production in order to buy resources or pay employees, although efficient production generates the profit that makes it possible for businesses to buy additional resources and pay employees. A business's production may or may not be flexible depending on the type of business.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
71. A
A customer returns a defective product. In the final stage of supply chain management, customers may return defective products. Finding reliable suppliers, planning to deliver goods to customers, and developing a supply chain strategy would all occur during earlier stages of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Venus, D. (2015, September 8). What is supply chain management? Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-supply-chain-management.htm
72. C
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to make adjustments so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations. Production is the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring, so it can take the appropriate steps to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the production issues relate to the production-workers' performance levels, raw materials and inventory shortages, or equipment malfunctions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2015). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from https://www.b2ttraining.com/course/essential-skills-for-business-analysis/
73. D
Merges with another company. An alteration to a company's current business process is considered a business process change. If a company undergoes a significant change, such as merging with another company, it requires a change in business procedures. Planning a meeting for Friday and having a profitable quarter are not reasons to change a business process. If a company goes out of business, it would no longer have business processes.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Holmes, T. (2015, August 26). What is business process change? Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-business-process-change.htm
74. A
Technology. Online shipment tracking is one example of technology affecting supply chain management. This is not an example of globalization, an economic downturn, or production changes affecting supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Ghorban, M. (2011, August 29). How technology can ease supply chain management and mitigate risk. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.supplychainbrain.com/content/general-scm/sc-analysis-consulting/single-articlepage/article/how-technology-can-ease-supply-chain-management-and-mitigate-risk/
75. D
Increased delivery times. Most companies want to reduce supply chain costs. Some of them may decide to use overseas suppliers, who often have lower prices and lower taxes. However, using an overseas supplier can often result in increased delivery time and a more complex supply chain.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Berrios, D. (2014, March 6). Challenges in supply chain management. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from https://bus.wisc.edu/mba/supply-chainmanagement/blog/2014/03/06/challenges-in-supply-chain-management
76. C
Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often because, as technology changes and hackers become more sophisticated, what was a good strategy five years ago may not be effective today. Protecting digital data is an important task for everyone in the company, not just the IT department. If a company fails to adequately protect its data, customers will likely have a negative perception of that company. Protecting digital customer data is necessary for businesses of all sizes.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Casey, K. (2013, January 28). 6 steps to better customer data protection. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.darkreading.com/risk-management/6-steps-to-bettercustomer-data-protection/d/d-id/1108392
77. B
Focus on prevention by training all employees to protect data. Keeping data safe and protected requires a company-wide focus on security. This means training all employees to use practices that protect customer and company data. This sort of training should be conducted before a breach ever occurs. Hiring a team of cybersecurity experts would be unrealistic for a company with a small budget. The company should not teach only one department to protect data as a cost-saving measure. If a breach occurs because some employees were not trained, the company will end up spending a lot more money in the long run.
SOURCE: OP:472
SOURCE: Motta, F. (2015, March 16). Strategies to help your business thwart cyber attacks, protect systems and secure digital assets. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.risbj.com/strategies-to-help-your-business-thwart-cyber-attacks-protect-systemsand-secure-digital-assets/
78. B
Goals. If you are an organized and logical person, you set personal and career goals for yourself. You may be guided by specific rules, encounter barriers, or interact with other people; but your behavior will still be directed toward your goals.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Mori, I. (2010, June 22). Goal setting—Pitfalls and benefits. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://brainblogger.com/2010/06/22/goal-setting-pitfalls-and-benefits/
79. D
Yourself. In order to set goals for yourself, you must have a clear understanding of what your skills and abilities are. You cannot be successful unless you know who you are, what you want to achieve, and what you are capable of doing. An understanding of human relations will help you in your interactions with others. An understanding of technology will help you toward career success. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
80. A
Identify and check your assumptions. An assumption is a thought or idea that you presume (take for granted) is true. In some situations, a person makes incorrect assumptions. For example, a supervisor may assume that an employee has completed a task by deadline. The supervisor makes this assumption because the employee has completed tasks by the given deadlines in the past. The supervisor's assumption is based on his/her experience. However, the employee experienced a computer problem, which prevented her/him from completing the task by deadline. So, in this particular situation, the supervisor's assumption was incorrect. Therefore, when you are solving problems, it is important to make sure that you have all of the correct information available and that you look at situations and issues objectively. After collecting all of the necessary information and checking assumptions, you can brainstorm solutions and determine the best solution to implement. The nature of the problem depends on whether or not you need to ask for input from your peers.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
81. D
Relatives. Relatives are often a good source of career information, and they are also easy to contact. Family members may work in various types of professions or industries and be able to explain the job requirements and advancement opportunities. They may be able to provide brochures or reports from their places of employment that describe the jobs and the purpose of the business. Family members are usually willing to talk about their jobs and provide information to young relatives. Although it is possible to obtain career information from employers, research institutions, and government agencies, it is not always easy to do so. Some of these organizations do not have easily accessible information or have restrictions on who may receive the information.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working: Career success for the 21st century (4th ed.) [p. 33]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
82. D
Entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs start and operate their own businesses. A clerk is an entry-level employee. Customers are businesses or individuals who purchase from a business. A buyer is a person who purchases products for resale or for use in the operation of a business.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
83. D
Business analytics. Business analyst, data scientist, and business process manager are all business analytics positions. They are not office management, human resources management, or general management positions. Business analytics professionals are responsible for helping to align business and IT goals and analyzing data to aid in business decision making.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: PD LAP 19—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
84. D
Seasonal position only. Many employment applications ask applicants the reason for leaving a previous job. An acceptable answer is because the position was seasonal. Many teenagers work in seasonal or part-time positions and can freely state that they left because their services were no longer needed. Applicants should not answer with negative comments about previous employers such as not liking the manager or finding the work environment too structured. Those may be the true reasons for leaving, but applicants should keep that information to themselves. Applicants probably would not want to indicate that they had been terminated for cause.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working: Career success for the 21st century (4th ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. D
Time-bound. SMART is the acronym for specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-bound, which are the characteristics of effective goals. In the example, the goal states that phase one of the project will be done by a specific date, making it time-bound. There is not enough information provided to determine if the stated completion date is realistic. Motivational and structured are not words that apply to SMART objectives.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Richmond, A. (n.d.). Setting SMART goals: A better way to track your progress. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.career-intelligence.com/management/SmartGoals.asp
86. B
WBS dictionary. A WBS dictionary is a tool that helps inform project team members about the scope, status, milestones, and deliverables associated with each project activity. The dictionary can be formatted in a variety of ways, such as an organizational chart or an outline. By maintaining and keeping the dictionary in a central location (e.g., computer intranet), all team members have access to the information at any time. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words. A training chart would not be applicable to the situation described. A pie chart would not be feasible to use because of space limitations.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (2007-2010). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.project-managementknowledge.com/definitions/w/work-breakdown-structure-dictionary/
87. D
Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them. An important aspect of the project manager's role is to communicate to team members their individual roles and responsibilities for executing the project. When team members understand what is expected of them, the project is more likely to run smoothly and achieve its goals. Providing evaluation forms, asking team members if they like their assignments, and correcting team members' mistakes for them will not help the team members perform their work efficiently.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Project Perfect. (2013, November 19). Managing project team members. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.projectperfect.com.au/info_managing_project_team_members.php
88. B
Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes. Project managers and team members often meet at the end of the project (close) to discuss the things that went well during the project and the mistakes made along the way. Evaluating the successes and mistakes made during the course of the project helps the project manager and team members determine how to improve or better handle similar projects in the future. Obtaining resources, determining technology needs, and developing a production schedule are project-planning activities.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 335-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
89. C
Quality-management plans should create environmentally sustainable processes and products. Customers and businesses are aware of the need to preserve and protect the environment. Many organizations consider this one of their social responsibilities, and customers expect them to do their part. Quality management should include plans to create environmentally sustainable processes and products. Creating quality products does not need to be harmful to the environment. However, businesses should keep customer satisfaction as their top priority.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: QM LAP 1—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. B
Improving, and controlling. Six Sigma is a quality improvement framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. It builds upon previous goals to set higher goals that continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. DMAIC is an acronym for the Six Sigma method of improving existing processes. The steps include defining goals, measuring performance, analyzing problem areas, improving the problem areas by eliminating defects, and controlling future performance and processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (n.d.). What is six sigma? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.isixsigma.com/sixsigma/six_sigma.asp
91. D
A conflict of interest. Because Madelyn's brother works for a potential vendor, Madelyn may not be able to be objective and neutral when making a final selection for her employer's new payroll-processing provider. When selecting a vendor, it is important to be objective and consider all of the advantages, disadvantages, and potential risks with each candidate. A vendor that has not worked with large companies may not have the resources readily available to provide adequate service. Because Madelyn has a conflict of interest in this situation, she may want to seek input from her managers or formally request that someone else make the final decision. The situation presented does not involve an ethical issue related to financial reporting methodology, levels of service, or the company's structure.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Monash University. (2012, May 30). Examples of conflicts of interest and guidelines for action. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.adm.monash.edu.au/workplacepolicy/conduct-compliance/examples.html
92. B
Contingency plans. A contingency plan is an alternative course of action. A contingency plan states specific guidelines that a business uses when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses often use computer software programs to obtain numerical data about their levels of risk in different areas of the business. They use this information to make business decisions and to help them develop alternative action plans when circumstances occur that increase or decrease risk at a given time. Content theories are theories of motivation that focus on internal needs, drives, and incentives that cause people to behave in a certain manner. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. Governments develop monetary and fiscal regulations. Risk management software programs do not help businesses develop content theories, endorsement records, or fiscal policies.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Manktelow, J. (n.d.). Contingency planning: Developing a good "plan B." Retrieved September 10, 2015, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newLDR_51.htm
93. A
Preventative. Businesses must comply with a variety of government regulations. Because regulations often change, it is important for businesses to keep up with changes so they can implement appropriate action, if needed, to stay in compliance. Monitoring regulations is a preventative action because it is taking steps to prevent the negative consequences associated with noncompliance. If a business does not comply with regulations, it can be fined, or in some situations, closed down. In addition, noncompliance may result in a poor public image that lowers the business's credibility with its customers. Corrective, reactive, and remedial actions are taken after issues or problems are identified.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: MetricStream. (2012). CAPA/Remediation management. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.metricstream.com/products/capa.htm
94. A
It involves planning for the next three to five years. Strategic planning is long-range planning for the company as a whole and is a responsibility of top-level management. Short-term planning is done by lower level managers. Strategic planning is not a supervisory technique nor is it limited to departments that are not performing well.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. C
To prepare for the future. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished, which is preparing for the future. Preparing forecasts are activities that are often performed during the planning process. Implementing activities and changing processes are part of the managerial controlling function.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2015). Planning function of management. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/planning_function.htm
96. A
Organizing. The organizing function of management focuses on setting up the way the business's work will be done. Organizing involves determining what resources the business needs and how the various resources will work together to accomplish the business's goals in the most efficient ways. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Norman, L. (2015). What are the four basic functions that make up the management process? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/four-basicfunctions-make-up-management-process-23852.html
97. C
Necessary skills. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important aspect of staffing involves hiring employees to do the work. To hire qualified employees, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Investment goals, communication methods, and reimbursement procedures are not primary staffing considerations when a manager decides to hire a new employee.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2015). Staffing as a management function. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/staffing-and-humanresource-management/staffing-as-a-management-function
98. C
Instructing employees. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. When managers provide employees with guidance, they are often providing employees with instructions about performing tasks in a certain sequence or manner. Establishing goals is a planning activity. Determining tasks is an organizing activity. Interviewing applicants is a staffing activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2015). Directing function of management. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
99. B
Rework. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. Because Pablo is initiating corrective action to fix a problem or output, he is engaging in the rework control process. Preliminary control is a form of control in which the manager takes action to prevent problems from occurring. Developing a contingency plan or an alternative course of action is often part of preliminary control process. Functional is not a term that describes a form of control. Control refers to the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Cook, C. (2011). Control systems: Financial and human. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=5&cad=rja&uact=8&ve d=0CC0QFjAEahUKEwjzpKB1o3IAhVOCpIKHa4LBuI&url=http%3A%2F%2Finstructor.mstc.edu%2Finstructor%2Fcberret%2FOnline%2520Management%2FTextbook%2520Powerpoints%2FPPT_ch13.ppt&usg =AFQjCNHPoiLcpiljRulB5mO1oi-2wSP9Xw&bvm=bv.103388427.d.aWw
100. D
Accept change. Innovation is the process of creating new or more effective products, processes, services, technologies, or ideas. Creating something new requires change. When a business encourages its employees to learn about new processes, customer wants, market needs, and trends, innovation is more likely to occur. Exhibiting bias and suppressing ideas may have a negative effect on innovation. Following certain types of business procedures is important for creating a safe and fair work environment and does not necessarily affect innovative processes.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Free Management Library. (n.d.). Cultivating innovation in the workplace. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://managementhelp.org/innovation/
Test 1133
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. B 
Distinctive names and symbols. Intellectual property is a type of intangible personal property that many businesses own. Businesses are able to obtain protection for certain types of intellectual property through a variety of laws. For example, a business can protect its distinctive name and symbol by registering a trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a business to identify a good or service. By registering its trademark, others are prohibited from using or copying it without the business's permission. Original novels and movies are protected by copyrights. New products and processes, and creative formulas and ideas may be protected with patents. 
SOURCE: BL:001 
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (n.d.). Trademark. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/trademark 
2. D 
Regulated by various laws. There are several laws that regulate the use of credit. These laws are intended to guarantee that credit is managed fairly. The laws tend to improve the debtor-creditor relationship because there are rules in place that apply to both parties. Debtor-creditor relationships are not controlled by industry standards, intended to increase competition, or designed to monitor accounts. 
SOURCE: BL:071 
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (n.d.). Debtor and creditor. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/debtor_and_creditor 
3. A 
The employer does not think it will be able to win the case. A party may offer a settlement if it believes it has little chance to win a case. In this example, Jon's employer does not believe it will win, so it may offer a settlement. A settlement is a way to avoid the case going to court. Jon may or may not think he will win the case, but this does not influence his former employer's actions. 
SOURCE: BL:159 
SOURCE: West's Encyclopedia of American Law. (2008). Settlement. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://legalMdictionary.thefreedictionary.com/settlement 
4. B 
The plaintiff files a complaint. The litigation process begins when the plaintiff files a complaint with the court. Then, the defendant must answer within a certain time period. The defendant does not file the complaint. 
SOURCE: BL:160 
SOURCE: Colorado Bar Association. (n.d.). Overview of the litigation process. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from https://www.cobar.org/index.cfm/ID/226/subID/1345/CITP/Overview-of-the-Litigation-Process/ 
5. B 
It is an adversarial process. Arbitration is an adversarial process, not a cooperative one. Because of this, it usually does not have a win-win outcome. Arbitration is popular because it is usually less expensive than litigation. 
SOURCE: BL:161 
SOURCE: Dorward, L. (2015). Positives & negatives of using arbitration in business contracts. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/positives-negatives-using-arbitration-business-contracts-42670.html 
6. A 
Policy. Policies are the company's general rules. In the situation described, the business states that its employees are permitted to take three weeks of vacation after a certain period of time. A procedure is the step-by-step process that an employee follows when performing a specific task (e.g., completing a form to request vacation). The statement in the employee handbook doesn't explain the process for requesting time off. A program is a scheduled event. 
SOURCE: CO:057 
SOURCE: California Polytechnic State University. (2013, February 22). Policy vs ,procedure:,A, guideline. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://policy.calpoly.edu/cappolicy.htm 
7. A 
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memorandum, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the message was written. The company's name and the employee's title do not always appear in the heading. 
SOURCE: CO:088 
SOURCE: Bauer-Ramazani, C. (2012, March 6). Memo. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://academics.smcvt.edu/cbauerMramazani/BU113/memo_guide_citations.htm 
8. B 
Specific. A letter of inquiry is typically a brief email or written letter used to request information, appointments, funding, or other assistance from letter recipients. Business people frequently write letters of inquiry to customers, vendors, and other organizations. Letters of inquiry should be as specific and concise as possible. When writing a letter of inquiry, you should provide pertinent details to the recipient but not overwhelm him/her with unnecessary information. Letters of inquiry should not be vague, verbose (wordy), or demanding. 
SOURCE: CO:040 
SOURCE: eHow. (n.d.). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_8445917_write-letter-inquiring-information.html 
9. C 
Identifies your central selling point. Your central selling point is what makes you different from your competitors. What makes your product stand out? How are you different from other businesses? You want your readers to know the advantages of your product—that's why you're sending out a persuasive letter in the first place! It's important to make your persuasive letter as objective as possible. Of course, you want your reader to know how great your product is, but you don't want him/her to think that you're biased. If s/he does, s/he may dismiss your letter. It's important to use specific words and active voice. Specific facts show the reader exactly what your product can do, while active voice makes your letter stand out and seem more urgent. While you want your letter to grab the reader's attention, it's important to stay honest. Don't exaggerate just to seem more exciting. Your reader will likely be able to tell, and it may turn her/him off your product. 
SOURCE: CO:031 
SOURCE: Jonas, R. (2009, May 12). Persuasive messages: Chapter 7. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.slideshare.net/rosaejonasz/persuasive-messages-chapter-7-1425933 
10. B 
Internal audience. Memorandums are a type of simple written report that business employees often prepare to provide information to others within the business. Since memorandums are usually intended to be read by an internal audience, they are less formal and shorter than traditional business letters. They often provide information about the progress of current projects or an explanation of upcoming events. Not all businesses have boards of directors or planning committees. However, these are examples of internal audiences that may, or may not, receive memorandums. A group of suppliers is an external audience. 
SOURCE: CO:094 
SOURCE: Hodges, L. (n.d.). Memos. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://writingcommons.org/index.php/open-text/genres/professional-business-and-technical- writing/memos 
11. A 
Receptive. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. Often, the analytical report includes recommendations for a business to take a certain course of action. If the writer anticipates that most members of the audience are receptive and will agree with the recommendations, then using a direct approach to structure the report is optimal. The direct approach involves writing the report so it focuses the attention on the conclusions and recommendations. If the writer anticipates a skeptical, argumentative, or indecisive audience, the indirect approach may be the best way to structure the report. The indirect approach involves preparing a logical argument that supports the recommendations and focuses on the rationale behind the recommendations. Intellect refers to a person's level of understanding about a topic or concept, which varies per person and is not necessarily related to the structure of the report. 
SOURCE: CO:185 
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 410M411]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall. 
12. A 
Problem statement. The problem statement is the heart of the research report—it defines the issue at hand and summarizes the purpose of the research. In the example, the company defines the problem as product-release failures due to understaffing. In a few additional paragraphs, the report writer should go into more detail about the problem. The executive summary is an overview of the entire report. The audience typically uses the executive summary to determine whether it is worthwhile to read the report any further. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action and is the last component presented in the report. A pronouncement (statement) of intent is an agreement to do something. 
SOURCE: CO:186 
SOURCE: Your Dictionary. (n.d.). Tips on writing a problem statement. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://grammar.yourdictionary.com/for-students-and-parents/tips-on-writing-a-problem-statement.html 
13. C 
S/He needs a point clarified. When employees do not understand what the speaker has said, it is appropriate to raise their hand to ask for clarifications however, it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking. In many meetings, the leader will ask the participants if they have questions, and it would be appropriate to ask for clarification at that time. Asking questions due to differing opinions or when the agenda is being distributed may not be appropriate. 
SOURCE: CO:063 
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 47M48]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall. 
14. B 
Well-informed. Customers have a right to expect employees to know how to do their jobs—and how to do them well. Employees must develop the skills necessary to perform every aspect of their jobs, and also be familiar with all of the business's policies and products. Self-serving is giving priority to one's own interests. Open-minded is being receptive to new or different ideas. Goal-oriented is being focused on obtaining specific objectives. 
SOURCE: CR:004 
SOURCE: CR LAP 4—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset) 
15. C 
Retail buyers. The business's buyers or purchasing agents should be made aware of complaints about products so that the complaints can be considered when purchasing new stock. Buyers can prevent the same complaints from recurring by not purchasing certain products or not buying from manufacturers whose products have proved to be unreliable. Receiving clerks would be involved in returning problem products to suppliers. Security officers and cashiers do not need complaint information. 
SOURCE: CR:010 
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints) 
16. B 
Get the most with the least. Economics is the study of how to meet unlimited, competing wants with limited resources. Businesses, countries, and individuals must decide how they will allocate their resources to meet their needs. This generally increases competition and the supply of goods and services. Wants are desires, and needs are things that are essential but lacking. 
SOURCE: EC:001 
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 52). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
17. D 
Elastic, an expensive car is not a necessity. Demand for a product is elastic when changes in demand correspond to changes in price. A sports car is a very expensive luxury item, and demand for it is not constant. Demand is usually elastic when the product is not a necessity, the price is high, and there are a lot of substitute products readily available. There are also many substitute vehicles available which cost less. Products which are necessities have few substitutes available, are low priced, and have inelastic demand (a change in price does not affect demand). 
SOURCE: EC:005 
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand) 
18. C 
Maximizing their profits. A business that maximizes its profits grows and is able to provide profits to stockholders, benefits to its employees, and jobs for more workers. To do this, the business must offer quality products at competitive prices rather than trying to produce low-priced products. Businesses are required by law to pay income tax. Their political donations must also follow legal guidelines since such gifts are more likely to be given to benefit the business than in an effort to be socially responsible. 
SOURCE: EC:070 
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society) 
19. D 
Wide. Many factors affect how many employees a manager can effectively supervise, which is the manager's span of control. Employees who have highly specialized skills, such as research scientists, can usually perform their work without a lot of supervision. If employees require less supervision, the manager can usually handle more employees at once, which means the manager has a wide span of control. When employees need a lot of guidance and supervision to perform their work, it takes more of the manager's time. In these situations, the manager tends to have a narrow span of control. Intensive and extensive are not types of span of control. 
SOURCE: EC:103 
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses) 
20. D 
Do not always benefit consumers. A monopoly exists when a single business influences the entire production of a particular good or service. This means that any major competitors are eliminated, and the monopoly can control the price of the product by restricting production. Government regulates monopolies to protect consumers except in cases in which it is best to have a single provider of a good or service (e.g., utilities). Monopolies do not reduce the power of the government and are not necessarily hard to manage. They do pay taxes. 
SOURCE: EC:008 
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business) 
21. B 
Large. Large businesses, such as the steel and automobile industries and consumer-products producers, usually pay close attention to GDP because they are the most sensitive to the ups and downs in economic activities. Small businesses often don't monitor GDP because their focus is on local business activities rather than on the big picture of the nation's economic growth. Private and public businesses may be either small or large. 
SOURCE: EC:017 
SOURCE: Smith, K. (2015).,List of 16 major leading and lagging economic indicators. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.moneycrashers.com/leading-lagging-economic-indicators/ 
22. D 
Individuals enter the workforce after graduating from school. Frictional unemployment refers to people who are temporarily between jobs. These people have the skills and training they need to work but are unemployed because they are looking for jobs or are between jobs. An example of a source of frictional unemployment is recent college graduates who have not yet acquired jobs. When people are unemployed because of outdated skills or obsolete products, structural unemployment exists. Cyclical unemployment occurs when there is low demand for workers, such as during times of economic recession when workers are often laid off. Seasonal unemployment occurs when people are out of work because of factors that involve the time of year. 
SOURCE: EC:082 
SOURCE: EC LAP 29—Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates) 
23. D 
Self-esteem. Literally, self-esteem means to value or to have regard for the self. Self-esteem is based on self-concept—your image of yourself. Motivation is a reason or incentive to take action. Perception is defined as awareness via the senses (e.g., seeing, hearing). 
SOURCE: EI:016 
SOURCE: Cherry, K. (n.d.). What is self-esteem? Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://psychology.about.com/od/sindex/f/what-is-self-esteem.htm 
24. B 
Live up to their promises. Coworkers know they can count on honest workers to do what they say they will do, to give them straight answers, and to try to do the right thing. This helps to create harmony in the workplace, but that is not necessarily a goal of honesty. Honest workers refrain from exchanging rumors and gossip. 
SOURCE: EI:022 
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 84]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
25. B 
Reprimanded. Some employees lie because they fear they will be reprimanded by their supervisors. These employees often say what they think their managers want to hear rather than telling the truth. However, ethical employees tell the truth at all times, even when it may cause problems for them. Employees usually like promotions and recognitions therefore, they would not lie to avoid them. Supervision is a daily aspect of the workplace. Most employees expect to be supervised rather than lie to avoid it. 
SOURCE: EI:004 
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits) 
26. D 
Keep stress under control. Burnout is a type of exhaustion that is usually caused by too much stress. There is no way to put an end to stress, but self-control helps you to keep stress factors in perspective and to realize they are only a small part of life. Burying stress is unhealthy and will only cause more stress. Understanding the causes of stress will not help to prevent the damage it causes. 
SOURCE: EI:025 
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control) 
27. C 
Smiling at a friend when you see her. Communicating nonverbally means exchanging information without the use of words. Body language, such as smiling, is a big part of nonverbal communication. Communicating verbally means exchanging information through the use of words. You can do this through writing or through speech. Saying good morning to your teacher, sending an email to a group member, and writing a letter to your grandmother are all examples of verbal communication. 
SOURCE: EI:007 
SOURCE: QS LAP 25—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication) 
28. C 
Keep the information confidential. Employees have a responsibility to behave ethically if they accidentally discover sensitive information that should remain confidential. Information about possible layoffs should be kept confidential because it may harm the business or other employees if it is released at the wrong time. Employees should not take it upon themselves to reveal confidential information, particularly because they usually do not have all the facts. Passing on this type of information to coworkers may cause unnecessary stress and concern, especially if the proposed layoffs do not occur. It is unethical for employees to tell others that the business is failing or to start an anonymous rumor about cutbacks. 
SOURCE: EI:038 
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work(p. 120). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education. 
29. A 
Repeat or summarize the other person's statements. You can show that you're actively listening by repeating or summarizing the other person's statements or by asking for clarification. Active listening is important because it keeps you from missing an important point. You don't want to think about what you'll say next while the other person is speaking—this makes it impossible to listen. Even if you have strong emotions, it's important to keep your emotions out of the negotiation, as reacting emotionally could derail the discussion and negatively affect your credibility. It's important to keep a positive, open, and objective attitude when negotiating, but this is something you should do whether or not you're actively listening. 
SOURCE: EI:062 
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business) 
30. A 
Approachability. A coach is a person who enables other people to reach their true potential by helping them to overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing something they want to achieve. Approachability is the attitude or demeanor that lets another person know that you are open and available to talk to him/her. Persistence is continuing to work at a task or idea until the desired outcome is achieved. Humility is the lack of pride. Dependability is doing what you say you will do. 
SOURCE: EI:041 
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others) 
31. C 
Installment. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Because Thomas is paying a set amount of money at regular intervals, he is using an installment plan to pay for his car. Revolving credit is a type of credit account that limits the total amount of money that may be owed and charges interest on outstanding balances. A budget credit account is a form of short-term credit often set up for 60M or 90-day periods with a payment due every 30 days. Service credit is credit used for utilities that have been consumed but not paid for (e.g., water and electricity). 
SOURCE: FI:002 
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance) 
32. C 
Setting financial goals. Financial goals are objectives that individuals want to achieve. Deciding to save money to buy a car in two years is a financial goal. Individuals often set financial goals based on a time factor because they have a need that they want to satisfy. In this situation, buying a car in two years is the need that can be satisfied by saving money every month. Deciding to save money is not an investment, although the money that is saved might be invested or placed in a savings account. An individual who decides to save money is not analyzing economic conditions. 
SOURCE: FI:065 
SOURCE: Richard, C. (2012, October 29). Six tips for setting your financial goals. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/10/29/six-tips-for-setting-your-financial-goals/?_r=0 
33. D 
Late. Credit card issuers often charge late fees for payments that do not arrive on time. In the example, the credit card issuer received Elise's payment several days after the due date. Some credit card issuers require credit card holders to pay an annual fee for the privilege of using the credit card. A cash-advance fee is a charge for using the credit card to obtain cash. A balance-transfer fee is a charge for moving a balance owed from one credit card to another credit card. Credit card holders often transfer their balances to cards that have lower interest rates. 
SOURCE: FI:071 
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010).,Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (pp. 213M214). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company. 
34. C 
Cost of goods sold/Cost of sales.'This element of the income statement includes all costs to obtain and/or produce the goods or services that a business sells. Stolen goods are included because the business had to purchase those items (even if they were never sold). Operating expenses are all the expenses involved in running a business and are a separate category on an income statement. Capital goods are manufactured resources used to produce goods and services. Long-term liabilities are debts that will take longer than a year to pay. Capital goods and long-term liabilities are not separate categories on an income statement. 
SOURCE: FI:094 
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements) 
35. A 
Cash conversion cycle. The cash conversion cycle is a ratio that refers to the number of days between a company's paying for raw materials and receiving cash from selling the products made from those raw materials. It goes by many names, including asset conversion cycle, working capital cycle, net operating cycle, or even just cash cycle. When investors consider investing in a company, they often look at the cash conversion cycle as an indicator of whether or not the company has good working capital management. For this reason, the manufacturing company will want to pay close attention to its cash conversion cycle. Capital budgeting occurs when a company's financial managers determine which projects the company should invest in. Equity refers to assets the company already owns. Assets are anything of value that a business or individual owns. 
SOURCE: FI:354 
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance) 
36. A 
$4,280,100. Free cash flow is the capital that a company has left at the end of a year after paying all of its expenses and making any necessary new capital expenditures. Investors often calculate a company's free cash flow to determine whether the company has funds to pay dividends to investors. The formula used to calculate free cash flow is Free Cash Flow = Cash Flow From Operations - Capital Expenditures. To determine the company's free cash flow, simply subtract the capital expenditures noted from the given cash flow from operations ($5,260,300 - $980,200 = $4,280,100).
SOURCE: FI:541 
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Free cash flow—FCF. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/freecashflow.asp 
37. B 
Providing specialized training. Employees often are hired to perform specific jobs that are unique to individual companies. Therefore, providing specialized training is often part of orienting new employees. Although the new employees have the qualifications to do the job, the business may want the job done in a specific way that requires training. Businesses review previous education and develop a compensation package before hiring new employees. Periodic reviews are scheduled after employees have been on the job for a certain length of time. 
SOURCE: HR:360 
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2015). Tips for a better new employeeorientation. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://humanresources.about.com/cs/orientation/qt/tipneonew.htm
38. D 
Bases. A directory of customer profiles would be considered one of the organization's knowledge bases—a place where knowledge is stored and maintained. These directories are not referred to as deposits, banks, or locations. 
SOURCE: KM:001 
SOURCE: KM LAP 1—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management) 
39. D 
Intangible. Intellectual capital is the collective knowledge of an organization that can be used to generate financial gain. Because knowledge begins in the thoughts and minds of employees, the knowledge is intangible. Some knowledge may be factual, observable, and reliable, but not all of it is. Businesses must be aware that ethical issues often compromise the security of their intellectual capital, such as sharing confidential information with others outside the company. Therefore, businesses should develop policies and communicate them to employees about their intellectual capital. 
SOURCE: KM:002 
SOURCE: Talulkdar, A. (2008). What is intellectual capital? Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.attainix.com/Downloads/WhatIsIntellectualCapital.pdf 
40. C 
Accountability matrix. An accountability matrix is a table that businesses use to assign tasks to workers and track their progress in relation to various business or project activities. Because an accountability matrix shows relationships among resources, businesses can use it to capture organizational knowledge for future use. Businesses may design their own accountability matrices by using word-processing or spreadsheet applications or by using project-management software programs. A probability chart is a risk management tool. A navigation log is a tool that tracks the times and locations of aircraft. Systems register is a fictitious term. 
SOURCE: KM:003 
SOURCE: Ledbrook, L. (2012, April 5). RACI matrix basics—How to use one. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://projectcommunityonline.com/raci-matrix-basics-how-to-use-one.html 
41. B 
MED Pharmaceutical Company. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Employees are often responsible for developing intellectual property for their employers. Most employees who work in this capacity sign an agreement when they are hired that gives their employer ownership of any intellectual assets that the employee develops for the organization. Therefore, when the MED Pharmaceutical Company applies for a patent for the drug, the company possesses ownership rights to the drug even though Keith Carson and his team developed it. 
SOURCE: KM:004 
SOURCE: Queensland Government.(1995-2015). Do I own intellectual property that my employees create? Retrieved November 18, 2015, from https://www.business.qld.gov.au/business/support-tools-grants/tools/intellectual-property-info-kit/browse/employees-contractors/ownership 
42. A 
Task analysis. Businesses use many techniques to capture employees' knowledge. One technique involves observing an employee while s/he is performing his/her job and taking notes about each step in the process. The purpose of task analysis is to obtain a deeper understanding of the job task. Participation involves actually carrying out the steps in a process or job task to gain knowledge. Learning histories are similar to lessons learned summaries or debriefings. This involves reviewing important events that have occurred and documenting the successes and mistakes experienced during the event. The learning histories can help other managers gain insights when they encounter similar situations in the future. Organizations use the laddering technique to collect and organize knowledge in a hierarchical manner. 
SOURCE: KM:005 
SOURCE: Usability.gov. (n.d.). Task analysis. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.usability.gov/how-to-and-tools/methods/task-analysis.html 
43. A 
Achieve their goals. A business should be able to achieve its goals by giving customers what they want. For most businesses, the primary goal will be to make a profit. These businesses should be able to achieve that goal by giving customers quality goods or services at fair and reasonable prices. Marketing what consumers want and need does not mean that businesses will be able to charge higher prices, offer more benefits, or reduce their expenses. 
SOURCE: MK:001 
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing) 
44. C 
Nolo Legal Encyclopedia. Expertise and credibility are primary considerations when evaluating the relevance of a source. Because regulations and legal procedures are important considerations when setting up a corporation, Melissa should obtain information from a source that has legal expertise, such as Nolo Legal Encyclopedia (www.nolo.com). The Wall Street Journal is a print and online business publication that focuses on a wide variety of business and economic issues and trends. Because Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, some of the information might be inaccurate or irrelevant. MarketWatch is a website that focuses on financial issues such as investing and the stock market performance. 
SOURCE: NF:079 
SOURCE: Regents of the University of California. (2012, May 12). Evaluating web pages: Techniques to apply & questions to ask. Retrieved November 18, 2015, from http://www.lib.berkeley.edu/TeachingLib/Guides/Internet/Evaluate.html 
45. B 
Filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar. A trademark is symbol, design, or word used by a producer to identify a good or service. To prevent unauthorized use of the trademark (or a similar trademark), the trademark owner should register the trademark with the government. If another company (Lamar) uses a trademark that is similar to one that has been previously registered (Seward), the original owner (Seward) can file an infringement lawsuit against the company (Lamar) to stop the unauthorized use. And in some situations, the owner can obtain monetary damages from the unauthorized user. Directly asking Lamar to pay a fee is not a legal action. Obstruction of justice is a formal charge in which the judicial system accuses an individual with the crime of withholding critical evidence that can affect the outcome of a trial. An arrest warrant is an order issued by a judge that instructs law-enforcement officers to bring to jail an individual who has been charged with a crime. 
SOURCE: NF:076 
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 798M799]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western. 
46. A 
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often send emails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of databases store vast amounts of data that once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not decreased the use of phone systems for all businesses and has increased the use of electronic mail for most businesses. 
SOURCE: NF:003 
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003M2010). Tips for reducing paper work. Retrieved November 18, 2015, http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/blog/tips_for_reducing_paper_work_024368.html 
47. A 
Programming languages. A computer programming language is the language or code that instructs a computer to carry out specific actions in relation to certain keystrokes. Computer programmers use various types of computer programming languages to develop computer hardware and software programs. Search engines are computer programs that crawl the Web looking for information. Service providers provide access to a service, such as the Internet. A disk drive is a component of a computer that reads data from and writes data to removable computer disks. 
SOURCE: NF:084 
SOURCE: Roblox. (2013, March 27). ALZ list of programming languages. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://forum.roblox.com/Forum/ShowPost.aspx?PostID=92997360 
48. C 
$1,755.67. Spreadsheets are computer software programs and are used to save, sort, and update information. Formulas are programmed into the software that can automatically calculate numerical data, such as the average for a set of numbers. Businesses often use spreadsheets to record, manage, and analyze a variety of financial, sales, and inventory information. To calculate the average sales per month, first add the totals for each month ($1,250 + $1,100 + $1,800 + $2,350 + $2,110 + $1,924 = $10,534). Then, divide that total by six ($10,534 ÷ 6 = $1,755.666, which rounds to $1,755.67). 
SOURCE: NF:010 
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 171, 199M200). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
49. A 
Creates a variety of evaluative reports. Project-management software has many applications and features that help businesspeople effectively manage both shortM and long-term projects. One application of effective project-management software is the ability to generate reports that summarize a variety of information, such as expenses, timing, and activity data. Some software can provide cost and variance analyses. Depending on the type of software being used, it may also allow users the ability to integrate word processing functions in order to create custom or free-format reports. Because data are entered manually, project-management software cannot eliminate the coding problems related to human error. Project-management software does not provide job training, nor does it reduce the need to monitor costs. 
SOURCE: NF:130 
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 366M369]. New York: Penguin Group. 
50. D 
After work hours or when employees have down time. Database changes should be made at a time that is the most convenient for employees, such as after work hours or when they have down time. That way, employee work will have minimum disruptions. Changes need to be made to databases from time to time. These changes should not take place just as employees are beginning their work week. They should also not be made over lunch breaks, since changes may take much longer than the length of a break. 
SOURCE: NF:264 
SOURCE: Matteson, S. (2013, November 1). Best practices for change management in the data center. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/data-center/best-practices-for-change-management-in-the-data-center/ 
51. C 
Cloud computing. Cloud storage involves housing business records in a database that is maintained by a third party at an off-site database storage facility. Employees access the records through the Internet. Rather than storing business records on a CPU, flash drive, or compact disk, businesspeople upload their files to the Web and then save them to the remote database, or cloud. Streaming video involves viewing video on a computer or smartphone device in real time. 
SOURCE: NF:001 
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records) 
52. D 
Quality. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service—how good it is. Quality is an ethical issue that might affect the operations function because businesses decide the quality of the products they provide. For example, a business might decide to use low-quality materials to make products that are of low quality. Also, the business might decide to cut corners in the production process to save money. The result is low-quality products. However, it is unethical if the business does not make it clear to customers that the products are of low quality and may not be durable. Utility is usefulness. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. 
SOURCE: OP:190 
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 293M295]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin. 
53. B 
Local ordinances. Businesses must follow various government regulations that are designed to protect the public from illness and hazardous conditions. To ensure that businesses are following these regulations, government agencies at all levels often inspect businesses. For example, the local fire department may inspect a business facility to determine if the business has the appropriate number of fire extinguishers as required by law. If an inspection determines that a business is violating regulations, the agency may fine the business or close it until the business is in compliance. Free-trade agreements, securities regulations, and consumer-protection laws do not involve inspecting facilities to determine if the business is free of safety and health hazards. 
SOURCE: OP:339 
SOURCE: Ray, L. (n.d.). Commercial building inspection checklist. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_4842000_commercial-building-inspection-checklist.html 
54. A 
Report workplace accidents. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. These regulations usually require businesses to report workplace accidents to the appropriate agency. The purpose of this requirement is to identify and correct unsafe working conditions, and to compensate workers who have been injured on the job. Health and safety regulations usually do not require businesses to inspect office facilities, hold regular safety meetings, or purchase fireproof supplies. However, safety-conscious businesses usually inspect their facilities to identify potential safety hazards. Also, businesses often hold regular safety meetings to keep employees informed. 
SOURCE: OP:004 
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687M688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co. 
55. A 
Driving too fast. Driving too fast is an example of employee behavior or actions that may risk safety. Unsafe conditions are those physical or environmental hazards which are present in the workplace, such as having greasy rags. Replacing inadequate lighting and reporting a frayed electric cord are examples of actions that will correct safety hazards. 
SOURCE: OP:007 
SOURCE: SmartMotorist.com. (n.d.). How's your driving? Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.smartmotorist.com/driving-guideline/hows-your-driving.html 
56. A 
Others from using it without permission. Intellectual property is the intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Inventions, written and artistic works, logos, brand names, and trade characters are examples of intellectual property. A business can discourage others from using its intellectual property without its permission by obtaining legal protection from the government. Depending on the type of intellectual property the business seeks to protect, the government can issue a copyright, patent, or trademark. If other businesses or individuals use the legally protected materials without the business's permission, the business has a better chance of winning a lawsuit. Seeking legal protection for intellectual property does not discourage competitors from developing new products, customers from filing frivolous lawsuits, or employees from creating unique processes. 
SOURCE: OP:153 
SOURCE: Allen, S. (2015). Intellectual property 101: Patents, trademarks, servicemarks, and copyrights. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://entrepreneurs.about.com/od/intellectualproperty/a/patenttrademark.htm 
57. A 
Tight deadlines. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Individuals evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including the task's deadline and the time that it will take to complete the task. If an important report is due in one hour and it takes 30 minutes to prepare, the employee will need to complete the report before working on anything else. Tight deadlines may or may not involve interpersonal communication or the completion of routine activities or interactive tasks. 
SOURCE: OP:228 
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999M2015). How to set priorities. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_6033457_set-priorities-work.html 
58. A 
Critical activities. Critical activities are the most important tasks to do and often need immediate attention. These tasks might involve solving a customer's problem or preparing a report for a spur-of-the-moment meeting. Listing critical activities often helps employees prioritize and plan their work, which can help them achieve their deadlines. Routine tasks, such as checking email, are performed on a regular basis and often do not require a lot of time or thought. Accomplishments are things that have been achieved. Long-term goals are objectives that will take a year or more to reach. 
SOURCE: OP:228 
SOURCE: Dawn, M. (2015). How to determine workplace priorities. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://work.chron.com/determine-workplace-priorities-17470.html 
59. D 
Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. Gavin does not know the type and amount of inventory to order until Madelyn provides him with the forecast that she has prepared. Therefore, Gavin and Madelyn's work activities are interdependent—they must work together and coordinate their work efforts to achieve the business's goals. Unpacking a shipment and placing the items on shelves and reviewing a monthly financial report are not situations that indicate employees are coordinating their work efforts. Sarah and Shelley are working independently rather than coordinating their efforts. 
SOURCE: OP:230 
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110, 112]. New York: Penguin Group. 
60. A 
Leah must stay in constant communication with her employees about their tasks. Even though Leah delegated her tasks to her employees, they are still her responsibility. She must stay in contact communication with her employees to make sure that they're on track. As a manager, it is acceptable for Leah to delegate tasks to her employees. It is not necessary to sit with employees to make sure they finish their work. In fact, doing so may hinder the employees' work. 
SOURCE: OP:354 
SOURCE: Suttle, R. (2015). How to be a good manager by delegation. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/good-manager-delegation-36658.html 
61. C 
Define an individual work process. When streamlining work processes, the first thing you need to do is define an individual work process. You can't streamline your work if you don't know what you're streamlining. Dividing the work process into steps, asking employees for input, and implementing the improvements are steps that come later in the process. 
SOURCE: OP:355 
SOURCE: Davidson, E. (2015). How to streamline work process and improve work flow. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/streamline-work-process-improve-work-flow-3929.html 
62. B 
Conduct a project audit. A project audit involves analyzing all aspects of the project at a given time during the project development process. An audit provides a realistic, current assessment of the situation. Conducting an audit may reveal that the project is over budget or the quality of work is above or below expectations. The audit results help project managers determine if they should make changes or improvements to get the project back on track. In some situations, stakeholders require project audits as part of the project contract. Seeking professional development, reviewing past correspondence, and comparing industry reports are not actions that help project managers monitor project activities and results. 
SOURCE: PJ:009 (OP:340) 
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 283M284]. New York: Penguin Group. 
63. B 
Effective conflict-resolution skills. Because disagreements occur among businesses and their suppliers, effective conflict-resolution skills can facilitate a resolution that is agreeable to both parties. If businesses and their vendors work out disagreements, they are more likely to develop ongoing, collaborative relationships. Businesses and their vendors may have some different goals, but they should align their goals to achieve their ultimate goal—satisfying the end user. It is important for a business to share relevant, but not all (e.g., confidential), information with its suppliers. 
SOURCE: OP:241 
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 122M125]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage 
64. A 
Standing. Standing orders involve sending products at set intervals. This type of purchase order is ideal for businesses that need the same amount of an item on a regular basis. In the example, SOA Manufacturing may need the bolts to produce its products. Because SOA knows that it generates a set amount of outputs in a certain amount of time, it advises its vendor (Colbert Company) to ship a certain amount of bolts at intervals—every other week. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). A seasonal order is an order that is placed for seasonal merchandise, such as snow shovels or beach umbrellas. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). 
SOURCE: OP:250 
SOURCE: WebFinance, Inc. (2015). Standing order. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-order.html 
65. A 
Wood. Manufacturers keep inventory of items that they need to produce their goods. Wood is an example of a raw material that a manufacturer might keep in inventory to produce items such as furniture, shelves, wall paneling, musical instruments, etc. Toothpaste, staplers, and chairs are examples of finished goods. 
SOURCE: OP:336 
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2015). Inventory types. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/IntMLoc/Inventory-Types.html
66. B 
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the demand goes up and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business to cover its needs until supply is stable and available. Maintenance inventory refers to items the business uses to maintain the facility such as cleaning supplies and light bulbs. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Customary inventory is sometimes used to describe the regularly stocked goods that the business carries. 
SOURCE: OP:336 
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2015). Inventory types. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html 
67. A 
$1,501.47. 5/10 net 30 means that the buyer will receive a 5 discount if the buyer pays within 10 days of the invoice date, and the entire invoice must be paid within 30 days. To calculate how much the restaurant supply company will owe if it pays within 10 days of the invoice date, first determine the discount amount in dollars. To obtain the discount amount in dollars, multiply the order amount by the discount percentage ($1,580.50 X .05 [or 5 ] = $79.025, which rounds to $79.03). Then, subtract the discount amount in dollars from the original order amount ($1,580 - $79.03 = $1,501.47).
SOURCE: OP:337 
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 350). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
68. D 
Post-sale service. Businesses often negotiate terms that do not relate to price. Post-sale service issues for equipment might include installation, training, and free maintenance for a limited amount of time. Payment terms and (dollar) volume reductions are price-related issues. Compensation is wages or pay for work performed. 
SOURCE: OP:337 
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 465M466]. South-Western Cengage Learning. 
69. B 
Continuous. A continuous production process is one that turns out products without stopping. The process is used by businesses that make such products as soft drinks that are in steady demand by consumers and can be held in stock as necessary. An intermittent production system is shut down from time to time for various reasons, such as a decline in demand or an oversupply of stock. A batch production process produces specific quantities of a product as needed (e.g., restaurant entrees). A unit production process focuses on producing one or a few products at a time. 
SOURCE: OP:017 
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production) 
70. A 
$526,750. A fixed cost is the sum of all the costs incurred by a business that usually remain at the same level no matter how many units of a product are produced or marketed. Fixed costs include rent, salaries, insurance, advertising, and the cost of maintaining a website. Bonuses are a type of variable cost because they increase or decrease in proportion to sales volume. In this example, add the cost of rent, salaries, and maintaining a website to determine fixed costs ($423,500 + $88,000 + $15,250 = $526,750). 
SOURCE: OP:024 
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009).,Marketing essentials (p. 767). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
71. D 
Competitive. Companies analyze many business functions to determine if they are achieving their organizational goals. Companies analyze their activities in relation to their competitors' activities to determine how well they are performing in the marketplace. If a competitive analysis reveals that a company has lost some of its market share, the company will need to attract new markets or develop new products to improve its market share. Luke will likely review the competition's promotional, financial, and production processes as part of the competitive analysis if the information is available. 
SOURCE: OP:327 
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2013). Competitive analysis. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/competitive-analysis 
72. D 
Achieve goals and serve customers. Business process thinking is meant to help a company work more efficiently and achieve goals. It is also customer-focused. The main goal of business process thinking is not to hire employees and fill roles, process payroll and compensate employees, or enforce safety standards. 
SOURCE: OP:474 
SOURCE: Hammer, M. (n.d.) Business process thinking check list. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.1000advices.com/guru/processes_thinking_13q_mh.html 
73. A 
Human. Business process design is influenced by human factors, such as stress and fatigue. A business process may not work if it causes stress to employees, or if they are too fatigued to complete their work properly. This is not an example of technological, regulatory, or government factors. 
SOURCE: OP:475 
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (1999M2015). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html 
74. A 
Stop production. If there is a disruption in the supply chain, a business may not get the materials it needs on time. In that case, it will be unable to manufacture products and may need to stop production. Supply chain disruptions do not help a business to make more money, create happy customers, or encourage employees. 
SOURCE: OP:477 
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2015). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies? Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supply-chain-management-affect-manufacturing-companies-75841.html 
75. D 
Redesigned. Factors such as changing laws, new companies, companies going out of business, and material availability can cause companies to redesign their supply chain networks often. Supply chain networks should not be eliminated because they are not unimportant. A properly designed supply chain network should help a company become more profitable. 
SOURCE: OP:479 
SOURCE: Balaji, L.N. (2013, July 8). How to reduce costs through supply chain network optimization. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.industryweek.com/planning-amp-forecasting/how-reduce-costs-through-supply-chain-network-optimization 
76. D 
Follow company policies about giving out personal information. If employees want to help their companies protect digital assets, they should follow company policies about giving out personal information. They do not need to send out emails about security policy changes this would be done by management or the IT department. Employees should not share their passwords with everyone in the company or download documents from unevaluated websites. 
SOURCE: OP:517 
SOURCE: DeMers, J. (2015, April 3). How to protect your company's data by keeping your employees informed. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jayson-demers/how-to-protect-your-compa_b_6993576.html 
77. B 
Appropriate to you and your abilities. You must set goals that you are capable of reaching. Setting inappropriate goals results in frustration. Specific and challenging goals are other characteristics of good goals. Goals may be short-term (less than a year to achieve) or long-term (more than a year to achieve). 
SOURCE: PD:018 
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting) 
78. D 
Mental flexibility. Creative people are more likely to be open to new ideas and new points of view. They think in nontraditional ways rather than staying with the status quo. One of their physical traits is a high energy level. Impatience with others is a personality trait. 
SOURCE: PD:012 
SOURCE: PD LAP 12—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity) 
79. A 
Aptitudes. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills. Individuals often succeed in occupations that require the skills that match their natural talents. For example, some people have an aptitude for working with numbers while others have an aptitude for working with their hands. People who have an aptitude for working with numbers might be successful in jobs that require those skills such as accounting or bookkeeping. Values are the principles by which people live. Behavior is the manner in which people act. Attitudes are the ways a person looks at life. 
SOURCE: PD:023 
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work,(p. 59). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education. 
80. C 
They are found in every type of business. Business management and administration careers keep businesses running, and they exist virtually everywhere, not just in office buildings, banks, or insurance companies. Careers do not fit strictly within categories instead, they often overlap. 
SOURCE: PD:297 
SOURCE: PD LAP 19—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration 
81. D 
Make it easy for the company to contact you. When you send a job résumé to a business hoping to be interviewed for a job, you want to make it as easy as possible for the business to get in touch with you. You should, therefore, provide complete information—name, home address, telephone number, and email address. In many cases, people get first chance at jobs because the business had no trouble finding them. The business is not interested in how far away you live unless that has been stipulated in the job announcement as pertinent. Your résumé may go into the company files, and including contact information is recommended in preparing résumés, but those are not the main reasons you include the data. 
SOURCE: PD:031 
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J.'(2007). Working:,Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 49M51]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
82. B 
Trade shows. A trade show is a promotional method that many businesses use to introduce new products, generate new sales leads, and contact current customers at the same time. A trade show gives businesses the opportunity to display their products and meet with a large number of potential and current customers. Many businesses spend a significant portion of their promotional budgets on trade shows because they are an effective promotional method. Cash rebates involve returning part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. A sales contest is a way of motivating salespeople to increase their sales performance. Free samples are offers of a small amount of a product. 
SOURCE: PD:036 
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789M790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. D 
Terms and commitments. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables. The project team and the project's stakeholders should agree to the SOW contents before beginning the project. A request for proposal is a document that solicits bids for an activity, project, or order from vendors. A results summary contains the results of the project, and is provided to stakeholders upon completion of the project. Charts and materials do not need to be included in the SOW. 
SOURCE: PJ:005 
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling, projects,(pp. 42M45). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons. 
84. B 
To identify and better manage all project activities. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. Project objectives are provided to stakeholders in the statement of work (SOW) document, which may also include information about the costs associated with the project. Although it is important for project managers to provide team members with feedback to improve their performance levels, this is not a primary reason for developing a WBS. 
SOURCE: PJ:006 
SOURCE: Mathis, M. (2015). Work breakdown structure (WBS) purpose, process, and pitfalls. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from https://www.projectsmart.co.uk/work-breakdown-structure-purpose-process-pitfalls.php 
85. C 
Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person and is an important aspect of effectively managing a project team. Delegation involves matching project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform them. Because Nina gives Milton the authority to prepare the team's weekly status report, she is delegating responsibility. Bill is providing Peter with critical feedback. Stan is asking Joanna and Tom to help him brainstorm ideas to solve a problem. Anne is conducting a staffing activity by determining that Bob possesses skills that she needs for her project team. 
SOURCE: PJ:007 
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003M2015). Project team management. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.businessperform.com/project-management/project_team_management.html 
86. D 
Lessons learned document. Developed during the closing phase of the project, the lessons-learned document summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future, such as the need for additional training and ongoing technical support. An executive summary is an overview of a report or plan. A termination checklist is a list of tasks that need to be done during the closing phase of a project. An expense audit involves reviewing and evaluating various project expenses. 
SOURCE: PJ:008 
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management, (4th ed.) [pp. 334M337]. New York: Penguin Group. 
87. D 
Quality improvement. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Taking action to create better-tasting water is improving the quality of the end product—water. Quality control is ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. After making the improvements, the company will need to ensure that its products meet the new standards of excellence by implementing different quality-control activities. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. Market development is the activities that a business implements to increase its target market. 
SOURCE: QM:001 
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2015). Quality improvement. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quality-improvement.html 
88. D 
Incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software helps guide improvement for projects, for departments, or throughout the overall organizational structure. It is designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs, and performance levels. A feature of the CMMI software program is that it has an auditing function that compares the business's existing processes with the CMMI model to evaluate efficiency levels. The audit results guide the business's decision making by examining both the efficient processes and inefficient processes. By using the CMMI model, the business can integrate its successful processes with those suggested by the CMMI model, which can help the business's quality improve. The purpose of the CMMI quality management framework is to facilitate quality improvement rather than develop long-term financial and operating plans and comply with government regulations. CMMI can help the business improve the efficiencies of all of its resources however, not all businesses use natural resources in their production processes. 
SOURCE: QM:002 
SOURCE: CMMI Institute. (2015). Begin your CMMI journey. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://cmmiinstitute.com/get-started 
89. C 
Check. The first step in the PDCA continuous improvement technique is planning a change. During the second step of the process, the business implements (does) the small-scale change. The third step involves checking the results to determine if the small-scale change was effective. If the change was successful, then the business takes action to implement the change on a larger scale. 
SOURCE: QM:003 
SOURCE: American Society for Improvement. (n.d.). Continuous improvement. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://asq.org/learn-about-quality/continuous-improvement/overview/overview.html 
90. A 
Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills. Nepotism is the practice of hiring employees on the basis of the relationship between the new hire and an employee. Hiring a family member who doesn't possess the skills to perform the job is an example of nepotism. When the family member does not have the appropriate skills to perform the job, it presents an ethical issue (favoritism) and can increase the business's financial risk. The business is paying someone who cannot perform the work efficiently, which means the business isn't getting the most for its payroll dollars. In addition, if the new hire does not have the skills to run equipment safely, s/he is more likely to break equipment or cause injury. As long as the activities are legal and do not harm others, communicating business information to customers, developing processes to test product durability, and striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers are ethical actions. 
SOURCE: RM:041 
SOURCE: Boone, G., & Kurtz, D.L. (2009). Contemporary marketing 2009 (p. 101). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning. 
91. D 
Return on investment risk. Cloud computing keeps businesses from having to invest in computer hardware, such as servers, and software, thereby avoiding return on investment risk. Instead, businesses pay a provider only for the services that they use—much like paying an electric bill. The contract with the provider can be ended at any time. Customers will probably receive better service since the business is not having down time when its computers malfunction. Speculative risk is the chance of loss or gain. Pure risk exists when, if something happens, it will result in a loss. 
SOURCE: RM:042 
SOURCE: Delaney, L. (1996M2015). 10 benefits of cloud computing. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.verio.com/resource-center/articles/cloud-computing-benefits/ 
92. C 
Monitor changes in laws affecting its business activities. Compliance with the law is an important aspect of managing business risk. If a business does not monitor changes in the laws that affect its operations, the business may become noncompliant. Noncompliance often involves paying government fines, which are financial losses for the business. Environmental attorneys have specialized knowledge of laws that affect the natural environment (e.g., pollution and water quality). The degree to which a business's activities affect the environment influences the need to hire an environmental attorney. Businesses purchase property insurance to limit losses related to buildings and land. Contract law is a category of law that specializes in contracts or formal agreements. Encouraging all employees to understand the advanced principles of contract law does not lower a business's noncompliance risks. 
SOURCE: RM:043 
SOURCE: BizMove.com. (n.d.). Effective risk management. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.bizmove.com/general/m6o.htm 
93. C 
Ensuring that the daily activities are carried out. First-line managers work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. They are responsible for ensuring that the employees perform their work accurately and efficiently. Top-level managers set the organization's goals and make decisions about the overall business, such as determining if it is feasible to enter new markets. Middle-level managers develop tactical or short-term plans to carry out the executive (top-level) management's strategic plans. 
SOURCE: SM:001 
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management) 
94. B 
Determining objectives. The planning function of management involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the organization's objectives or desired outcomes. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and often involves modifying or changing employee behavior to achieve desired results. One aspect of the control function of management is to measure actual performance against established standards. If performance exceeds the standards, the manager can identify gains. If performance falls below the standards, the manager may need to implement new procedures for improvement. 
SOURCE: SM:063 
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2015). The basic steps in the management planning process. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/basic-steps-management-planning-process-17646.html 
95. D 
Establishing levels of authority. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Establishing levels of authority is an organizing activity. Motivating techniques are directing activities. Promoting employees is a staffing activity. Conducting performance reviews is a controlling activity. 
SOURCE: SM:064 
SOURCE: Yu, M. (2010, March 5). The five basic functions of management. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.teamextension.com/cms/content/five-basic-functions-management 
96. B 
Hiring and onboarding. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Hiring, onboarding, recruiting, interviewing, and determining compensation (pay) rates are staffing activities. Onboarding activities occur when new employees join the company. These tasks include completing required paperwork and orienting employees to their new work environments. Budgeting is a planning activity. Measuring a worker's performance is a controlling activity. Monitoring the work effort is a directing activity. 
SOURCE: SM:065 
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2015). Staffing as a management function. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/staffing-and-human-resourceMmanagement/staffing-as-a-management-function 
97. C 
Providing employees with instructions. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. An important aspect of providing guidance is giving instructions to employees so they can perform their work. Interviewing job applicants is a staffing activity. Developing long-term objectives is a planning activity. Creating systematic approaches for activities is an organizing activity. 
SOURCE: SM:066 
SOURCE: Management Study Guide (n.d.). Directing function of management. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm 
98. B 
Set performance standards. The control process consists of the following four steps, performed in this order: 1) set performance standards which are realistic and acceptable to everyone involved, 2) measure actual performance using performance appraisals, observations, and/or status reports, 3) compare actual performance to established standards to determine how closely they align, and 4) take corrective action if actual performance deviates significantly from the established performance standards. 
SOURCE: SM:004 
SOURCE: Boundless. (n.d.). The control process. Retrieved November 19, 2015, from https://www.boundless.com/management/concepts/the-control-process-0-7331/ 
99. D 
Change management. The change management approach ensures that changes are implemented in the best possible way and that those changes will lead to long-term benefits. Change management is not referred to as problem solving, change avoidance, or solution finding. 
SOURCE: SM:095 
SOURCE: MindTools. Change management: Making organization change happen effectively. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm 
100. A
Organizations always need to change. Change management occurs in a cycle because change is a constant need for organizations. It is not unnecessary or harmful. Change management may be difficult to implement sometimes, but this does not explain why it occurs in a cycle.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: Gilbert, J. (2009, April 14). The change management life cycle; Involve your people to ensure success. Retrieved November 16, 2015, from http://www.batimes.com/articles/the-change-management-life-cycle-involve-your-people-to-ensure-success.html
Test 1144
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. B
They can reduce a business's profits. Although government regulations are designed to protect the economy, the environment, and the consumer, they can sometimes result in economic risk. Laws or regulations that require businesses to pay for environmental clean-ups or special licenses can reduce a business's profits. And, if a government agency recalls a product, it can cost a company a huge amount of money. Government laws and regulations are typically designed to make businesses safer, to protect customers, and to protect the environment.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 719]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
2. D
Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction involves whether a specific court has the authority to hear a case. Not all courts are able to hear all types of cases. For example, depending on the business dispute, a legal procedure might take place in a state court or a federal court. Also, a court in one state might, or might not, have jurisdiction over a business that is incorporated in another state. Freedom is not a factor that affects the legal procedure. Misdemeanor and larceny are types of crimes.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (2016). Jurisdiction. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/jurisdiction
3. B
Enforce agency regulations. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. Government and independent agencies have the authority to enact and enforce regulations for various administrative functions, including aviation, taxation, and commerce. The legislative branch of government establishes congressional/parliamentary committees. The judicial branch of government interprets constitutional law and in some instances may overturn a lower court's judicial decision.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 88-90]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
4. B
File a formal complaint to the court alleging the Bremen Company's illegal use of the Tafoya trademark. The first step in a legal case is filing a formal complaint. All other processes occur after the complaint has been filed. A pretrial cannot be established until the case has been created through the filing of a complaint, a response from the defense, and the completion of the discovery process, including interrogatories and examinations.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: SmallBiz.ca. (2016, September 19). The litigation process—step by step. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.smallbiz.ca/2009/04/08/the-litigation-process-step-bystep/
5. A
Businesses are governed by law at the local, national and international levels. Businesses have to be aware of many laws that affect the individuals they conduct business with as well as the communities they conduct business in. Businesses do have to concern themselves with criminal law; they can be held accountable for criminal acts committed by employees while conducting business. Corporate laws are just one type of law that businesses need to be concerned with; there are many others. Companies should concern themselves with ethical behavior as well as legal issues.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Samuelson, B. (2012). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 9-13]. Mason, OH: Thomson Higher Education.
6. A
Conducting research about the company prior to the interview. From the research, Shawn can write a few questions that directly relate to the company or its industry. Even though additional questions may come up during the interview, it is always best to be prepared with relevant questions based on research. It is important that Shawn confirms that the questions are relevant by researching them himself instead of taking his friends' (or anyone else's) advice. Questions about the interviewer's personal life are not relevant to the job interview.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Zhang, L. (2016). The ultimate guide to researching a company pre-interview. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.themuse.com/advice/the-ultimate-guide-toresearching-a-company-preinterview
7. B
Problem/Solution. The problem/solution method of organizing information first states the problem and then explains the solution. Alphabetical order arranges facts in the order of the alphabet. Deductive order begins with the recommendation or conclusion and follows with facts or examples to support it. Chronological order organizes information into a sequence of dates.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Organizing information. (n.d.). Retrieved September 15, 2016 from http://courses.washington.edu/css301/zander/Notes/organizeinfo.doc
8. D
Salutation. The salutation is the greeting that follows the inside address (e.g., Dear Mr. Robinson). The dateline precedes the inside address. The body is the message. It comes between the salutation and the complimentary close. The signature lines of a letter give the writer's name and title.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Northern Michigan University. (2016). Parts of a business letter. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.nmu.edu/writingcenter/parts-business-letter
9. D
To make the message more convincing. Messages usually are more persuasive if they are supported by logical evidence. Logical evidence is based on fact rather than on opinion. If businesses are writing persuasive messages to encourage customers to do something, such as buy a product, they should include logical evidence to make the message more convincing. Logical evidence is factual, however, it may not be interesting. Strong language may offend the recipient rather than help to explain the idea. Logical evidence is intended to be persuasive. It does not force the recipient to respond.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 302-303]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. D
Logical arguments. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. When developing an analytical report that addresses a controversial issue or contains information that readers might disagree with, the writer should provide logical arguments that explain and support their conclusions. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade readers to accept the conclusions. Technical statistics may distract the reader. Personal opinions should not be expressed during an analytical report. Enthusiastic statements that do not provide logical arguments or supporting evidence are less likely to convince readers that the conclusions are reasonable.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 411-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. C
Staff. Messages for all employees are considered staff communication. This is a form of downward communication in which information is presented to employees by management. Upward communication occurs when employees present information to management. Informal communication is the unofficial exchange of information among members of an organization. Lateral, or horizontal, communication involves the exchange of information between employees on the same level.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. A
Email. The most appropriate communication channel for routine workplace messages such as Odessa's reminder to employees is email. Since her message is likely to be the same each week, she can write the reminder once and then set up her email program to automatically send the message to each employee at the end of each week. Phoning each employee to remind him/her would be very time-consuming. Every employee probably does not have her/his own fax machine. Sending a letter to each employee every week via the postal service would be expensive.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Cherp, A. (2013, September 28). When and how to use email reminders. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://blog.macademic.org/2013/09/28/when-to-use-emailreminders/
13. D
Listen and look interested when someone is speaking. If Maureen wants to be a good participant in her company's staff meeting, she should listen and look interested when someone is speaking. She should not use the meeting as a time to bring up unrelated concerns. If she doesn't agree with someone's ideas, she should speak up and respectfully disagree. She should listen while others are speaking, not think about how she will respond.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Mckenzie, I. (2012, February 28). 6 tips for effective participation in meetings. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.ismckenzie.com/6-tips-for-effective-participation-inmeetings/
14. C
Dependable. Employees who are dependable do what they say they will do and keep their commitments to customers. When employees offer to do something for customers, they must live up to the terms of the commitment in order to build positive relationships. Customers appreciate dependable employees and often return to a specific business because of them. Assertive employees stand up for their rights. Sociable employees are friendly. Creative employees develop unique ideas and solutions to problems. These are good characteristics for employees to have, but they do not involve keeping commitments.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Lister, J. (2016). Why is dependability important for a person to have in the workplace? Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/dependabilityimportant-person-workplace-15463.html
15. C
Yes. Oliver should do some research on Scottish culture so he doesn't do or say something offensive. The Western culture may share some similar beliefs and customs, but countries within the culture do vary in terms of time, space, language, dining habits, gestures, etc. Oliver should do some research to learn about how Scottish culture differs from his own. By doing so, he can adapt his verbal and nonverbal communication to reduce the risk of doing or saying something that may offend the Scottish businesspeople and jeopardize the deal. Scottish people speak English and/or Gaelic. The meanings of English words can vary among the English-speaking countries. Not all Scottish people dislike all Americans.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: (2015, July 20). The importance of cross cultural awareness in business. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://blog.internationalstudent.com/2015/07/the-importance-ofcross-cultural-awareness-in-business/
16. B
You gain valuable communication skills. Solving difficult-customer situations benefits you personally because you gain valuable communication skills that you will use in many situations throughout your life. It doesn't mean that you will encounter these situations less frequently. Making your customers happy is a good thing, but isn't necessarily a personal benefit for you. You'll be a more valuable employee, but that doesn't necessarily mean your boss will automatically give you a raise.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 9 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
17. B
Searching for oil on the ocean floor. The ocean is another place we can look for oil besides land. Natural gas is an alternative resource. Conserving oil to prevent waste and paying a higher price for it are not ways of finding more oil.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
18. B
A satisfaction gauge. Both utility and the marketing concept consider the consumer's point of view about a product. In the implementation of the marketing concept, utility functions as a gauge of the consumer's satisfaction. Utility is used as a measurement tool not as a payment method, a cost-saving tool, or a delivery process.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
19. C
Planning in advance for change. Proactive management is characterized by anticipating and planning in advance for change. Proactive managers make both short and long-term plans. They encourage teamwork over individualism. They take calculated risks.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: EC LAP 25 Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
20. D
Perfect monopoly. Perfect monopoly is not a term used to refer to market structure. The four main idealized market structures used in trade theory are perfect competition, monopoly, oligopoly, and monopolistic competition. Perfect competition is an idealized market structure that includes large numbers of buyers and sellers. A monopoly is a market structure in which there is only one seller. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are a number of small sellers. A monopolistic competition is a market structure in which there are many sellers producing differentiated products.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
21. D
Zoning laws. Government passes zoning laws to protect the value of business property by allowing only certain types of businesses to occupy an area. Minimum-wage laws, safety standards, and consumerprotection laws are all examples of areas of government involvement, but they are not related to protecting business property.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
22. D
Progressive. In a progressive income tax system, those who have a higher income pay a larger percentage of their income to the government. In a regressive tax system, those who have a higher income pay a comparatively smaller percentage of their income as tax than those who have a smaller income. In a proportional tax system, all individuals of all incomes pay the same proportion of their incomes to the government. In a flat tax system, all individuals pay the same amount to the government regardless of their income.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
23. B
Cost-push inflation. Cost-push inflation occurs when limited commodities drive up the costs of creating products and, in turn, their prices. Price stability is a state in which prices don't change rapidly and the value of money is stable; it is not caused by limited commodities. Demand-pull inflation happens when the money supply grows faster than the economy does. Inflation targeting is an effort by a government to hit a set inflation rate.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: EC LAP 28 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
24. C
Estimates. While most figures used in GDP computations are reliable, there are some that have to be estimated. It is impossible to maintain 100% accuracy when dealing with the vast amounts of information relating to an economy. Government bases its economic forecasts, or predictions, on the GDP figures. Transfer payments are payments made by the government for which no goods or services are received in exchange, and they are not counted in GDP.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
25. D
Valuable. Individuals with a high self-concept typically believe that they can make significant contributions in their endeavors. You may see yourself as aggressive or witty on such occasions, but not necessarily. Feeling unimportant is indicative of low self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Cherry, K. (2016, August 31). What is self-concept and how does it form? Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.verywell.com/what-is-self-concept-2795865
26. D
Admit it. When you make a mistake, the responsible thing to do is admit it. Then, you can try to fix it, but you shouldn't hide your error from those who need to be aware of it. You shouldn't lay the blame on anyone else. It shouldn't be necessary to quit a project just because you made a mistake learn from it and move on.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
27. B
Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help you improve. It is a part of a supervisor's responsibilities to provide you with feedback in the form of constructive criticism. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is intended to annoy or threaten the person. Interpersonal relationships are the ways you interact with others, and self-control is restraint of your feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
28. D
Depression. Depression is a serious disorder in which the sufferer sees no way out of his/her problems and often feels hopeless. It can result from too much negative feedback such as constant criticism. Positive effects, such as enthusiasm, result from praise and other positive feedback. Optimism is a positive attitude toward life that could help an individual withstand criticism and avoid depression. Selfimportance may result when people are overly impressed with the positive feedback they receive.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. D
Persuasion. Persuasion is the effort of an individual or group of individuals to influence the attitudes or behavior of another individual or group of individuals. Employees doing research and preparing a report to recommend change is an example of using persuasion. The employees are trying to persuade the business, with the use of valid information, that changing certain policies would be beneficial. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. Enthusiasm is intense interest or excitement.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: EI LAP 121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
30. B
Level of stress. Employees who set realistic goals and standards for themselves rather than expecting perfection all the time are usually able to control and manage their level of stress. It is important for employees to understand that they cannot perform perfectly in all situations and that they will make some mistakes. Being aware of this helps employees to manage stress because they will not set their goals so high that they will often be unable to achieve them. Striving to obtain perfection all the time increases stress and may cause employees to think that they are failures if they don't live up to those expectations. Employees usually advance based on their ability to perform satisfactorily on the job. Managers usually establish work schedules and expect employees to work in groups when necessary.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: EI LAP 25 Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
31. B
Helps to ease any tension that arises. A sense of humor can ease the kinds of difficult situations and conflicts that often affect the team effort. It also helps you to avoid taking yourself too seriously or being overly impressed with your own importance. Keeping your emotions under control requires self-discipline. A sense of humor does not help to improve your decision-making skills or increase your self-confidence.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Will, C. (2015, June 29). Laugh in the face of adversity: Maintaining a sense of humor in the workplace. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://blogs.mtu.edu/worklife/2015/06/laugh-in-the-face-of-adversity-maintaining-a-sense-ofhumor-in-the-workplace/
32. D
A goal is concrete and measurable. A goal and a vision are two different things. A goal is a concrete achievement that you want to complete. Goals tend to be more specific and measurable than visions. Since a goal is specific, it means the same thing to all people. It isn't abstract and indefinite like a vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: Bacon, N. (2014, April 28). Goals vs. vision. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.thefinancegirl.com/goals-vs-vision/
33. D
A hostile work environment. Sexual harassment in the workplace includes any sexual remarks, advances, conduct, or requests made by one employee to another without the recipient's approval or consent. Some sexual harassment creates a hostile work environment and makes its victims feel their jobs are threatened. Sexual harassment does not annoy all employees or else it would not occur. It is illegal, and its occurrence would cause bad publicity for the business. It also makes the workplace less comfortable or enjoyable and damages employees' motivation.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36 Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
34. B
A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing. Creating a product to solve a problem and selling that product is a good example of an entrepreneurial venture because a need has been identified and met; the product solves a problem for consumers, while the resulting sales benefit the veterinarian. A juice bar selling juice on location during special events expands its business but does not represent a new idea or problem solved. A pumpkin farm offering pumpkin carving and costume contests to create more interest is not creating something new or solving a problem. A "cretzel" might be a new creative pastry, but there is no indication that it meets an identified consumer need.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Hisrich, R., Peters, M., & Shepherd, D. (2010). Entrepreneurship (8th ed.) [pp. 6-7]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
35. A
Annual percentage rate. Finance charges are expressed as an annual percentage rate (APR). This makes it easier for credit users to compare the costs of various credit plans. Finance charges are not expressed as monthly percentage rates, annual balance rates, or monthly balance rates.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. C
Cosigner. When a borrower agrees to a loan, s/he is making a contractual agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person cosign for the loan. A cosigner is responsible for paying back the loan if the borrower does not. The credit union, Treasury Department, and debt collectors are not responsible for repaying a loan unless they agree to be cosigners on loan contracts.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2016). Co-signing a loan. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0215-co-signing-loan
37. B
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, charitable donations can be claimed as tax deductions on an individual's personal tax return. The tax filer may need to provide a receipt for donations that exceed a certain amount of money. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home-mortgage interest, and child care. Charitable donations are not claimed on tax returns as public property, living expenses, or discretionary income.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's edition (p. 164). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
38. B
Complete. For financial information to be reliable, it must not only be accurate, but also complete. Financial information may be understandable and relevant, but this does not necessarily make it reliable. Financial information is not reliable if it's biased.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
39. B
Accounting. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. Accurate accounting records can show the owner how the business is doing at any point in time, and enable the owner to plan for the future. Production creates the products that businesses offer for sale. Marketing provides the avenue for businesses to sell their products and consumers a way to obtain needed products. Management oversees all of the other business activities.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
40. B
Economic trends. Budgets should be flexible because they are estimates. Many factors can affect budget outcomes; therefore, businesses might need to adjust their budget figures. Economic trends are factors that might cause a business to adjust its budget. The way the economy is moving, either expanding or contracting, will affect a business's ability to meet its budget expectations. Local elections do not affect a business's budget. Sales procedures are the step-by-step processes that sales personnel follow in order to sell. Operating policies are general rules established by the business.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3 Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
41. B
Sky High. Investors often calculate the price-to-cash flow ratio (P/CF) of potential investments to compare their relative worth. If particular investment's P/CF is lower compared to others in the same industry, the market has probably undervalued that stock. To determine which of the four airline's stock is most likely to be undervalued, calculate the price-to-cash flow ratio of each company. The price-to-cash flow ratio can be found by dividing the current stock price by the cash flow per share (Sky High: $14.36 / $5.21 = 2.76; Smooth Flying: $22.78 / $4.12 = 5.53; Soar the Sky: $18.50 / $3.59 = 5.15; White Clouds: $25.81 / $6.94 = 3.72). Since Sky High's price-to-cash flow ratio is lowest, it is most likely to be undervalued.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Price-to-cash-flow ratio. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-to-cash-flowratio.asp
42. C
High trust and mutual respect. Human-resources managers play a significant role in ensuring the existence and adherence to organizational ethics. In fact, they set the standard for ethical behavior within their organization and serve as examples for other employees. Indicators of strong organizational ethics include high trust and mutual respect, complete information, open discussion of different options, and concrete goals. Overpromising, underperforming, and a refusal to accept responsibility are indicators of poor ethics.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: Matthews, J. (n.d.). Eight elements of an ethical organization. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.entrepreneurship.org/resource-center/eight-elements-of-an-ethicalorganization.aspx
43. D
An employee deliberately doesn't share information with management that will help the company meet its goals. Knowledge management is the process of leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. If an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. For example, the employee might be unwilling to share information because s/he has a grudge against a certain manager. Or, the employee might be unwilling to share information with coworkers because s/he wants to use the knowledge as leverage with management for career-advancement purposes. The remaining examples do not provide enough information to determine if an ethical issue exists in relation to knowledge management.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Mack, E. (2011, February 9). Ethics are the foundation of effective knowledge management. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.ericmackonline.com/ica/blogs/emonline.nsf/dx/ethics-are-the-foundation-ofeffective-knowledge-management
44. D
Groupware. Groupware or collaborative computer software allows many employees to access and share information, including tacit knowledge. Some applications, such as e-mail and instant messaging, allow employees to instantly transmit messages to coworkers who are in remote locations. The primary use of spreadsheet applications is to show numerical information in a logical format. Businesspeople use presentation software to develop visual aids that support their business presentations. Businesses use recovery applications to back up their computer data. The backed up data can be used if the computer systems break or fail.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: UsabilityFirst. (2002-2015). Introduction to collaborative software. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.usabilityfirst.com/about-usability/web-application-design/collaborativesoftware-groupware/introduction-to-collaborative-software/
45. D
Reverse engineering. Reverse engineering is the process of examining the chemical makeup of an existing product on the market. By reviewing the components of the product through independent discovery, a competitor can apply the findings to recreate the product. Although this is a legal practice under trade secret laws in Canada and the U.S., it does hinder the ability to maintain trade secrets for certain types of processes, ingredients, etc. Process fragmentation involves limiting the amount of information employees have about an entire process, which lessens the risk that the company's trade secret will be revealed. Copyrights legally protect written and artistic works rather than trade secrets. Therefore, any reforms to copyright laws would not affect trade secrets. Systematic neutralizing is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2016). Reverse engineering. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/reverse-engineering.html
46. A
Channeling discussion. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Employees' tacit knowledge is important to a business because this type of knowledge is often instrumental in helping the business succeed and achieve its organizational goals. Businesses use different techniques to capture their employees' tacit knowledge. A channel discussion involves gathering a group of people together to talk about the ways in which they perform their work, the challenges that they encounter, and the actions they take to overcome their challenges. By sharing this type of information, other group members may learn new techniques to use to perform their jobs. When an individual (Sophia) takes notes, the information can be synthesized, evaluated, and used to implement positive changes throughout the entire organization. Parliamentary procedure is the standard set of rules used to officiate and document a formal meeting. Repetitious feedback and critical interaction are not techniques used to capture tacit knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Nosrati, S. (2014, May 21). Capture tacit knowledge. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.slideshare.net/sajadnosrati52/capture-tacit-knowledge
47. A
They can't be accomplished without employees' dedication. No company can accomplish its goals without the dedication and hard work of its employees. Each company has a unique set of goals they are not the same at every company. Some goals are general, but others are specific. Goals are important for all companies, not just new ones.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
48. D
Factual. Factual information is proven, true, and objective. The capital of a country is a fact. You can find factual information in sources like dictionaries and atlases. Criticism is an analysis of something or someone that identifies any shortcomings. Opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. It is proven that Helsinki is the capital of Finland.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: The Free Dictionary. (2016). Factual. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.thefreedictionary.com/factual
49. C
Information. Information is knowledge, facts, or data. A company collects and analyzes a variety of information to make wise decisions decisions that are in the best interest of the company and its success. Because the company makes a variety of decisions, it needs to effectively manage all of the information so that it is available when the business wants it. Some types of information the company needs in order to make business decisions include product demand levels, markets, and product ratings (e.g., government grades).
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
50. C
Use computer passwords to limit access to certain data. Businesses have the responsibility to protect their customers' confidential information. One way to protect confidential information is to limit the access to employees who need or use the information. Requiring qualified employees to use computer passwords to access the confidential information can reduce the risk of unethical behavior such as snooping or spying. Anti-virus software, client-tracking capabilities, and a resignation request would not prevent the employee from obtaining the information. The business would likely reprimand or fire the employee for his/her unethical behavior after the incident occurred.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Pruitt, S. (n.d.). How to secure customer data from your employees. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applicationsonline/7310538-1.html
51. A
Operating system. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. The power cords connect the computer's central processing unit (CPU) to the electrical supply needed to turn on and operate the computer system. Navigation keys (e.g., arrow keys) are the function keys on the computer keyboard that enable a computer user to move around the computer screen. A modem is a device that connects the computer to the Internet. It sends and receives information via a telephone or cable line.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). Computer basics: Understanding operating systems. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
52. C
+business +license -driver. By placing a "+" before a word, you can tell most search engines to look for websites containing that word. Likewise, by placing a "-" before a word, you are telling the search engine to disregard all websites that contain that word. So, by entering "+business +license -driver," Bobbi is telling her search engine to look for websites that contain the words "business" and "license" but don't contain the word "driver." That way, Bobbi won't have to weed through search results focusing on drivers' licenses before finding quality information about business licenses. "+business +license" would tell the search engine to look for websites containing "business" and "license," but websites about drivers' licenses could potentially appear in the search results. The search phrase "'business license' driver" would command the search engine to look for websites that contain the exact phrase "business license" as well as the word "driver." Search engines are not typically case-sensitive, so capitalizing the words "BUSINESS LICENSE" would not have an impact on search results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Shah, D. (2015, November 24). How to search on Google: 31 advanced Google search tips. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/1264/12Quick-Tips-To-Search-Google-Like-An-Expert.aspx#sm.000013bb971vctfbizbupvslthjnl
53. D
Groupware. Groupware is specialized software that allows users to work on documents together, share files, and communicate quickly and easily. While some groupware requires users to collaborate through an intranet, much of today's groupware is Internet-based, allowing group members in multiple locations to work together online. Many Web 2.0 tools such as Google Apps are groupware applications. Shareware is essentially sample software. It gives consumers an opportunity to try software free of charge before purchasing it. Because it is merely a sample, the shareware is likely to be limited in functionality or time. Spyware is malicious software installed on computers to gather users' personal information. Freeware is software available at no cost to consumers.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Pinola, M. (2016, February 18). What is groupware? Retrieved September 15, 2016, from http://mobileoffice.about.com/od/glossary/g/what-is-groupware.htm
54. D
Find input errors. Humans input the data into the computer, so if they enter it incorrectly, the computer has no way of detecting errors. The benefits of project-management software are that it can generate reports, sort data, and track resources.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2016). Project management software. Retrieved September 15, 2016, from https://www.techopedia.com/definition/13132/project-management-software
55. B
Check to make sure that no data were lost in the moving process. Immediately after moving data, the company should make sure that all information was transferred correctly and that no data were lost in the process. Sending out a press release, holding a company meeting, and training employees on datamigration practices are not the most important actions to take immediately after a data-migration.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Salazar, A. (2015, January 15). 4 steps to a successful data center migration. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.datacenterknowledge.com/archives/2015/01/15/4steps-successful-data-center-migration/
56. C
Update the customer's record in the company database. Businesses keep a variety of customer information in a central location a computer database. When customers change phone numbers and email addresses, move, or go out of business, companies need to update their customer database to reflect those changes. If the information is not changed, the business does not have current contact information. This can be costly to the business in situations that involve delinquent accounts and returned mail. The business does not need to create a new record to reflect changes this would clutter the system with unnecessary data nor does the business need to create a new database every time a customer's contact information needs to be updated. Employee records, rather than customer records, appear in the company or employee directory.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Interface Management. (2013). Ten rules for maintaining your customer database. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.interfaceonline.co.za/ten-rules-for-maintaining-yourcustomer-database.html
57. B
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
58. A
Elevators. Governments develop regulations to ensure the public's safety. Government regulations require businesses to have their elevators inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that elevators are running correctly. During the inspection, the inspector might identify problems with the elevators that compromise the employees' and visitors' safety. By identifying the problems, the business can repair the elevators, so they operate correctly and are in compliance. Photocopiers, computer networks, and portable cameras are equipment rather than a component of the facility.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing, & Regulation. (2016). Elevator and escalator safety - Safety inspection. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.dllr.state.md.us/labor/safety/elev.shtml
59. A
Prevent accidents. Preventing accidents is very important because accidents cost businesses millions of dollars every year. Providing employees with adequate safety information and training helps to prevent accidents. Accident-prevention programs do not control employee sick leave since employees often take sick leave for reasons that are not related to job injuries. Profits and employee morale are not necessarily increased or improved by attempts to prevent accidents.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Arbill. (2016). 5 best practices to prevent workplace accidents. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.arbill.com/safety-resources/prevent-workplace-accidents
60. C
Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour. An important aspect of prioritizing work is determining how long a task will take to complete in relation to the due date or timeline. Completing a report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that is occurring in an hour should be the employee's top priority because the meeting is scheduled to occur before any of the other tasks listed need to be completed. The employee can photocopy the document, prepare the purchase order, and make restaurant reservations after completing the report and presenting it during the meeting.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to prioritize at work. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2293060_prioritize-work.html
61. B
Duplicate work. Coordinating the work effort involves applying resources and tasks in ways that accomplish the business's goals in the most efficient way. Coordination helps the business run smoothly. An important aspect of work coordination is collaboration and open communication. Often, when team leaders and team members do not collaborate and communicate effectively about how and when to do the work, team members perform the work incorrectly or duplicate their efforts. In the example, Robert told two team members to perform the same task, so the price list was updated twice. Duplicated work is an inefficient use of resources because Todd could have completed another task while Sabrina updated the price list. There is not enough information to determine if Sabrina and Todd calculated the new prices accurately.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 267-268]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. A
Establish openness. When delegating tasks, it is important to create an open environment in which team members feel comfortable being honest and up front about their progress. Because Becca began her delegation process by inviting her team to provide feedback, they will feel that they can be honest and open throughout the process. Becca is not promoting her authority, discouraging over-reporting, or setting expected outcomes in this instance.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Free Management eBooks. (2015). Monitoring delegated tasks. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.free-management-ebooks.com/faqps/delegation-05.htm
63. A
They are short-term undertakings. Projects are short-term undertakings that produce unique goods or services. Though the project-management process is important, projects' results are their reason for existing. They do not rely on traditional management structures.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
64. D
Grouping team members according to type and level of information. A useful communications strategy in project planning is grouping team members according to type and level of information. This allows project managers to send out e-mails or invitations to meetings without having to choose individual recipients each time. Assigning responsibility for meeting quality requirements is part of creating a qualitymanagement plan. Asking yourself how long each deliverable will take to complete and how much funding the project will need are parts of identifying needed resources.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
65. D
Ongoing communication. Ongoing communication is necessary to build trust, respect, and a mutually beneficial partnership which, in turn, helps build a long-term business relationship. The amount of lead time depends on the nature of the product and cannot always be flexible. Policies that are too rigid may have negative effects on the relationship rather than positive effects. Autocratic management involves a dictatorial leadership style in which the leader determines all policies, maintains close control, and lets employees know only what they need to know to do the job.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 122-125]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. A
Blinds for a nonstandard-size window. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Window blinds may need to be custom made or special ordered for windows that are an unusual size. Standard replacement parts for popular items on the market are usually carried in stock and do not require special ordering.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Delanghe, J. (2012, September 17). Top tips for managing custom orders. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from https://www.etsy.com/seller-handbook/article/top-tips-formanaging-custom-orders/22821490639
67. D
Grain, minerals, leather, and oil. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) usually maintain an inventory of items that they use to produce their goods. Grain, minerals, leather and petroleum are examples of products that a business might use to make cereal, jewelry, coats, and gasoline, respectively. Paper, bolts and leather may be classified as raw materials, if they are being used to produce finished goods. Ore is a mineral. Staplers, tables, and household cleansers are finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Udemy. (2014, June 11). Types of inventory: The five supply inventories. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from https://blog.udemy.com/types-of-inventory-2/
68. B
A quantity discount. Businesses negotiate many terms when establishing and maintaining relationships with vendors. Often, a business may negotiate a quantity discount, which is a deduction from the seller's (vendor's) price for purchasing large volumes or dollar amounts of goods. Delivery terms address the manner in which the business will receive the product (e.g., delivery charges, transportation mode). Service terms address issues such as warranties, service calls, service fees, etc. A rebate is a return of part of the price that a customer pays for a product.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 555-556). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. D
Capital-intensive. Capital-intensive production processes rely heavily on the use of expensive equipment and materials rather than on the activities of workers. Facilities that generate electrical power are examples of capital-intensive production processes because they use expensive equipment but few workers. Intermittent production processes stop and restart at a later time. Labor-intensive production processes cannot take place without skilled workers. Standardized production processes require simple, repetitive tasks.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
70. D
Scatter diagram. A scatter diagram, or scatter plot, is a graphical representation of two variables that is used to determine cause and effect. A histogram is a bar graph. A check sheet is simply a form for collecting data on the spot. A flow chart is used to analyze a sequence of events and uncover the relationships within it.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
71. A
The business would lose money. Personnel expenses must be controlled in order for a business to make a profit. Paying salaries is expensive and needs to be covered by adequate sales. When salaries exceed sales, companies lose money. Businesses have regularly scheduled operating hours and would not close early. Without an increase in sales, the business would not expand or make a profit.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
72. B
Reducing inventory. Supply chain management is the supervision of the process of getting products into the marketplace and managing the flow of goods. Reduced inventory means that products are flowing from manufacturer to customer efficiently, so reducing inventory is a goal of supply chain management. Supply chain management does not relate to managing customer relations, storing marketing data, or planning promotional strategies.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2008-2016). Supply chain management (SCM). Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://searchmanufacturingerp.techtarget.com/definition/supply-chain-management
73. B
Comparing data. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Companies analyze different types of business activities including finances, marketing trends, sales, and production. One aspect of effective analysis involves comparing data. In many situations, comparing data from one period with similar data from another period will help a company determine if it is accomplishing goals, or if it needs to make adjustments to accomplish its goals. When employees are reviewing and analyzing financial reports and income data, they are not informing customers, submitting evidence, or influencing others' opinions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2016). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/course/essential-skills-for-business-analysis//
74. B
Regulatory. Because the manufacturing company is required by local government to dispose of its waste safely, the company must design its waste disposal process to abide by the regulations. This is an example of regulatory factors affecting business process design. Human factors affecting process design include stress, employee morale, and fatigue. Technological factors that can affect process design include the cost of any equipment or hardware that is necessary for the process. The term natural factors is not usually used to describe factors affecting process design.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2016). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
75. D
Allowing inventory to be monitored regularly. Technology such as enterprise resource systems allows inventory to be constantly monitored and automatically alerts businesses when levels are running low. Technology does not eliminate the need for supplier relationships, cause disruptions in the supply chain, or increase warehouse storage costs.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Business Development Bank of Canada. (n.d.) How to implement just-in-time inventory management. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from https://www.bdc.ca/en/articlestools/operations/inventory-management/pages/inventory-management-build-smoothersupply-chain.aspx
76. A
Work with experienced partners abroad. Working with a partner that has experience in a particular market can help companies learn about and mitigate the risks particular to that market. Hiring only local workers will not necessarily help manage risks; in fact, it could bring more risks due to different labor laws. Working within the same time zone might help eliminate some risks, but it will also limit the company's ability to expand into most markets. Finally, accepting lower quality levels will not manage risks; it can create more risk by making the company liable for defects.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/6-globalsupply-chain-challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
77. D
Keep sensitive records encrypted. Encrypting sensitive data such as credit card information, phone numbers, and addresses can prevent security breaches that can lead to information theft. Accepting payments in cash only may prevent security breaches but would most likely hurt a business' sales. Requiring customers to show a form of identification would not prevent sensitive information from being leaked or stolen. Businesses should use their own dedicated server for storing sensitive data. Using a shared server is a risk because other people or companies may have access to the information stored on it.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Magill, L. (2016). 8 ways to protect your customers' information. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/marketing/8-ways-to-protect-your-customersinformation/
78. B
Misplace important documents. Maintaining files in a systematic way helps you keep reports, forms, notes, and other documents in a particular location. By keeping files and documents in a specfic order, you are less likely to misplace important information. It also enables you to quickly access the documents when needed because they are always in the same place. To maintain an organized workspace, you should periodically discard papers that you don't need anymore. Maintaining an organized workspace does not prevent the misuse of office equipment. Forgetting or remembering telephone numbers is a cognitive ability and is not directly impacted by how well your workspace is organized.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Malugani, M. (n.d.). Give tips to get organized at work. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://career-advice.monster.com/in-the-office/workplace-issues/get-organized-atwork/article.aspx
79. B
It refers to how people use the 24 hours in their day. Time itself is not under our control, but our actions are. And, if we learn to act in a way that makes the most of our time, then we are using the resource wisely. Learning time-management skills does not require a lot of extra work. Spending just a few minutes a day on time management can save you many hours on the job. Learning time-management skills is not just a matter of common sense. It takes more than just writing down appointments and project deadlines in your calendar. Time management can help you plan for the future and take major steps toward achieving your goals and becoming the person you want to be.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1 About Time (Time Management)
80. D
Optimism. Successful entrepreneurs possess an optimistic attitude. An optimistic person has a positive outlook on life, and looks for the opportunities to grow, even when s/he experiences challenges and setbacks. Organizational skills involve developing and executing processes or activities in a systematic way. Innovation is the process or ability to develop a new product, process, position, or paradigm. Determination is the drive or willpower to achieve a goal.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
81. D
General management. Department manager, small business manager, and regional manager are general management positions. They are not supply chain management, business analytics, or operations management positions. General management professionals are responsible for planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating all or part of a business organization through the allocation and use of financial, human, and material resources.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: PD LAP 19 Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
82. A
Identifying leads. The first step in conducting a job search often involves identifying possible job leads. Job leads are usually available from friends or family members who may be aware of positions at their places of employment. Other job leads include newspaper ads, employment agencies, and school counselors. Identifying where to start looking for a job is the first step in getting one. Completing applications, contacting employers, and scheduling interviews are activities that take place after leads are identified.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2016). 10 ways for job-seekers to develop job leads. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from https://www.livecareer.com/quintessential/developing-job-leads
83. C
Yes, the worker can write if s/he has heard about a job opening. In some cases, a worker looking for a job will hear about a job opening from some other source than a job advertisement. It is acceptable for the worker to write a letter stating that s/he has heard of an opening and ask to be considered for the position. In some cases, this results in an interview and a job. Most companies do not discard such letters but keep them on file in case of future need. It would not be appropriate or practical to send letters to all businesses in the industry.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Eduers.com. (2009). Writing your job application letter. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.eduers.com/resume/Job_Application_Letter.htm
84. A
Update his technical skills. Because technology is constantly changing, workers must keep up with the changes to enhance their employability. Taking short- or long-term computer classes helps workers to learn skills they need to perform their work. There is not enough information to determine if Andrew is changing his career path or obtaining a licensure.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Jacowski, T. (2008, February 29). The importance of continuing education. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://ezinearticles.com/?The-Importance-of-ContinuingEducation&id=1017765
85. B
Prevents the duplication of work. Creating a work breakdown structure (WBS) involves dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. By dividing the work into smaller packages, the project manager defines each task and the team member(s) who will perform the tasks, which prevents the duplication of work. Project managers cannot eliminate unexpected circumstances, although they must be able to handle them. Developing a WBS does not reduce the need to set project milestones (incremental goals) or decrease the need to manage project tasks.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Gordon, A. (2014, October 24). What is a work breakdown structure? Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/templates-forms/2645-what-is-a-workbreakdown-structure/
86. B
Tracking a milestone. Tracking milestones is a control activity that project managers perform. Milestones are the major points or phases in a project's life cycle that have been reached. In the situation described, the software-development phase is a milestone because it was completed, which means the project can proceed to the next stage of the project. Because this phase of the project was running ahead of schedule, the project manager is not evaluating a time constraint or assessing a setback. There is no information provided to determine if the project manager has decided to change a process.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Bowen, R., & McDonough, M. (2009, August 13). Best metrics for project management. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/monitoringprojects/13534-best-metrics-for-project-management/
87. A
Help resolve the conflict. Conflict resolution is the process of resolving or ending a conflict. Project managers may need to help resolve conflicts if the team members cannot reach resolution by themselves. When team members disagree, the project manager would not negotiate with external sources, evaluate the reward system, or change the project scope.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 296-297). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
88. C
Closing. Many activities occur at the end or close of a project. Because the project has been completed, equipment and materials (supplies) are disposed of or provided to others for different projects or uses. Team members may be released to work on new projects or to return to work on previous assignments. Scheduling is the process of setting timelines for tasks to be completed. The goals are established during the planning phase of the project. During the initiating phase, the project is authorized to begin. Releasing resources from the project are not activities that occur during the scheduling process or during the project's planning or initiating phases.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Project Insight. (1997-2016). 5 basic phases of project management. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.projectinsight.net/project-management-basics/basic-projectmanagement-phases
89. D
Lower costs. Quality management involves the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals in order to continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. Therefore, an important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is to continuously lower costs while improving quality. When quality improves, customer satisfaction tends to improve. To continuously improve, the business may determine that it needs to simplify activities, obtain better technology, or reevaluate its needs.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (n.d.). Six sigma: What is six sigma? Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.isixsigma.com/sixsigma/six_sigma.asp
90. B
Evaluation. To determine if quality has improved, the business needs to compare the product or process before the improvement was made with the product or process after improvements were implemented. After evaluating the improvements, the business can document results and recommend additional improvements, if necessary.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (n.d.). Continuous improvement process definition. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/continuous-improvement-process-definition4534.html
91. D
Uses questionable tactics to achieve profitability. A business that continuously "pushes the limit" by using questionable tactics to earn or show profits may get a poor reputation. Customers may become distrustful of the business and decide to purchase elsewhere. Providing accurate information to stockholders, encouraging employees to report questionable or potentially unethical behavior, and requiring new suppliers to provide credit information are ethical actions and are less likely to damage a business's reputation than the use of questionable tactics.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Zeiger, S. (n.d.). Effects of a lack of ethics on a business environment. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/effects-lack-ethics-business-environment23332.html
92. B
Intranet systems. An intranet system is a business's internal computer network. It allows for the electronic exchange of information among the business's employees. Because businesses often store confidential information (e.g., customer financial data, employee payroll data) on its intranet, they must take steps to ensure that unauthorized individuals do not obtain the information. Businesses use computer software applications to minimize security risks. Encryption techniques and passwords are examples of methods that businesses use to protect the confidential information that is stored on their intranet systems. Businesses do not use security software to protect their corporate policies, intercom systems, or spam email.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Interact. (2016). Features: Intranet security and admin. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.interact-intranet.com/product/feature/intranet-security-admin/
93. C
Controlling their risks. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may be sued or fined, which could result in substantial financial losses. A failure to comply with laws may also affect the business's credibility with its customers. If customers feel that the business behaves in a legally negligent manner, they may believe that the business is untrustworthy and may decide not to buy from the business. A business that effectively controls its risks is more likely to reduce its liabilities than increase them. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Risk management. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/riskmanagement.asp
94. D
Conceptual skills. Conceptual skills involve the ability to see the "big picture" and think about how things will work together. The ability to see the "big picture" and how things fit together facilitates sound decision making, idea generation, and creative problem-solving activities because the manager understands how various changes can impact other departments and employees. Interpersonal skills involve the ability to communicate, interact, and build relationships with others. Technical skills or competence is the ability to understand the specialized aspects of jobs.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. B
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique that is often used during the planning process. Deciding what will be done involves establishing objectives. After establishing objectives, the business can implement processes to achieve those objectives. The business analyzes its performance to determine if it achieved its objectives.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Functions of managers. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/the-nature-ofmanagement/functions-of-managers
96. A
Defines workplace roles and relationships. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It involves establishing levels of authority and assigning responsibilities within the organization. When the business assigns responsibilities, it is defining its employees' roles in the organization and outlining how each role relates to one another. Motivating employees is a directing activity. The type of business and the organizational work culture are factors that determine the degree of creativity and problem solving required, and if these activities are encouraged. The controlling function of management monitors the work effort, which helps ensure that employees are performing their tasks efficiently.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Archer, C. (n.d.). Five functions of management & leading. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/info_12025560_five-functions-management-leading.html
97. B
They are always changing. Human resources needs are always changing. Managers look toward several different indicators to predict upcoming changes. HR needs are not necessarily more difficult to meet in high-tech industries, and they vary from business to business.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: SM LAP 4 Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
98. B
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Directing activities include motivating, leading, and disciplining workers. When a manager encourages an employee to do something, the manager is performing a directing activity. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Recruiting is a staffing activity. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2016). Directing function of management. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
99. A
Managerial control. One part of the controlling function involves measuring the performance of the business to determine if it is achieving the established objectives. One type of performance measurement involves measuring the productivity of employees. Managers often establish standards that employees are expected to meet, such as number of items produced per hour or the quality of the items produced. Then, managers use these controls to determine if employees are performing as expected. Formal authority is the authority and responsibility officially assigned to an individual who holds a position and/or a title on an organizational chart. Leadership style is the way or manner in which a leader goes about the task of influencing others. Positional analysis is a study of the tasks and responsibilities of a position and its place in an organization.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2016). Management control. Retrieved September 16, 2016, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/management-control.html
100. C
Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project. To innovate new ideas and processes, employees must be willing to adapt to unforeseen circumstances. This flexibility is essential to successfully innovate. Sticking to traditional ideas and processes, getting frustrated with learning new skills, and staying quiet during brainstorming sessions are all indications that these employees are not likely to be called innovative by their supervisors.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Bagley, R. (2014, January 15). The 10 traits of great innovators. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/rebeccabagley/2014/01/15/the-10-traits-of-greatinnovators/#5429e812ed50
Test 1153
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. C
Recycling programs. Environmental regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. The goal is to protect the environment. By encouraging businesses to participate in recycling programs, environmental regulations help to conserve natural resources and control waste. Agencies that oversee environmental regulations are the ones that enforce the laws. Environmental regulations do not encourage businesses to participate in resource identification or ethical contracts.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Laws.com. (2015). Know the purpose of environmental law. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://environmental.laws.com/environmental-law/purpose-of-environmental-law
2. D
The franchisee can choose the name of the business. A product trade-name franchise is an independent sales relationship between a supplier (franchisor) and a dealer (franchisee) to stock and sell a specific or exclusive line of products. In this relationship, the franchisee is able to choose the name of the business. These franchises are open to the public, usually have limited liability, and are owned by the franchisee, not shareholders.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
A small company does not have the funds to go ta court. Settlement occurs when the defendant in a case agrees to some or all of the plaintiff's claims and decides not to go to court, usually instead paying a monetary amount. Settlement is often a more affordable option than a costly legal battle that the defendant may not even win. Therefore, if a small company is the defendant in a case, it might agree to settle to save money. Settlements can keep companies out of the spotlight, rather than bringing them publicity. If a defendant feels she has a strong chance of winning, she might want to pursue the case in court rather than settling because she could receive a much larger payment. Finally, complicated cases with many defendants are more difficult to settle because some might want to settle while others do not.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: FindLaw.com (2016). What does it mean to settle a case? Retrieved November 15, 2016,
4. A
Discovery. The discovery phase occurs when each side learns about the case and attempts to form its argument. It includes interviewing witnesses to gather information. Pleadings are the initial papers filed in a lawsuit that explain each side of the argument. The trial occurs when the actual case begins and each side presents its evidence. Appeals occur after the trial has ended when one side asks for a review of the decision by pointing out errors in the ruling.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: Forbes, K. (2013, November 8). Basic steps in civil litigation process. Retrieved October 25, 2016, from http://consumerlawmagazine.com/civil-litigation-process-steps/
5. C
Arbitration involves a judgment. Both arbitration and mediation are used either to avoid litigation or alongside it, employing a third party to try to negotiate. However, arbitrators pass down a decision about the evidence given. Mediators simply help to guide discussion and resolve the conflict. Mediation does not only apply to criminal cases. Finally, arbitration can be a binding process that replaces a trial.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2016). Mediation vs. arbitration vs. litigation: What's the difference? Retrieved October 25, 2016, from http://adr.findlaw.com/mediation/mediation-vs-arbitration-vs-litigation-whats-the-difference.html
6. B
To read useful information. Business employees often read written material to obtain useful information that they can use to apply to a specific task or problem. For the information to be useful, the sources must provide relevant, valid written material. For example, employees might read industry publications to identify trends so the business can take steps to remain competitive. Industry information is relevant and valid and useful to businesses. It is not important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material to compile a database, understand business communication, or prepare a routine message.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. xiii, xlvii-xlix, 681-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. C
Life. Life skills are basic skills necessary to survive. Following directions, then, is not a skill you can afford to be without. Skills necessary for survival are not known as cultural skills, academic skills, or social skills.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Lucas Insurance Services. (2012, December 3). /mportance of following directions. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.lucasinsurance.com/2012/12/03/importance_of_fallowing_directions/
8. D
Outline. The outline format of note-taking involves organizing the content in levels. Under each heading or subheading, the note taker writes short descriptive phrases or key points that relate to the heading or subheading. The sentence method of note-taking involves writing each new thought, topic, or point on a separate line. A disadvantage to using the sentence method is that the content is not always connected to or organized in relation to a previous topic, point, or category of information. Mapping is a visual method of note-taking that involves writing the main topic in a shape (e.g., circle or rectangle) and writing supporting ideas around the shape. Shorthand is a note-taking method that involves the use of symbols and abbreviations to represent words.
SOURCE: C0:085
SOURCE: University of Redlands. (2015, June 18). Five notetaking methods. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://www.rediands.edu/globalassets/depts/student-life/academic-success/skills-worksheets/1five_methods_of_notetaking_2015.pdf
9. D
Memorandums. Memorandums are the main form of written communication within a business. Memorandums are informal letters or notes between a company's employees. Letters are the principal form of written communication between businesses. Telephone calls and staff meetings are not forms of written communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Web Guru. (2016). Business memos. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.webguru.neu.edu/communicating-science/communicating/business-memos
10. A
Analytic. Informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver. Analytic messages specifically communicate information that the message sender or someone else has evaluated, compiled, or interpreted, which gives the message meaning. For example, if a manager writes a memo stating that a project is over budget and backs up the statement with numerical data and examples, the manager is providing evaluative (analytic) information. Explanatory messages simply state information in a neutral and objective way. The simplicity or complexity of an evaluative message depends on the message topic.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Computer Business Research. (2016). Analytical information. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.computerbusinessresearch.com/Hame/database/analytical-information
11. B
Due diligence. An analytical report provides evaluative information about a problem, opportunity, or previous action. Merging with another company is a major change for a business; therefore, it is important to analyze the advantages, disadvantages, strengths, and weaknesses associated with the potential merger by summarizing information in an analytical report. Reports that address financial issues associated with a certain course of action, such as a merger, are called due diligence reports. A market analysis summarizes information about a segment of the population. Troubleshooting analyses provide guidance for solving problems with a product or process. A justification report provides information that supports or justifies a previous course of action.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovie, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 407]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Methodology. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. The methodology section of the report outlines the research plan. It appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why they were selected. The results section reports the research findings. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, which is considered the research results. The recommendations section is the last component presented in the report. The introduction appears at the beginning of the report and discusses the purpose and significance of the research project.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Bates College. (2011, March 7). The structure, format, content, and style of a journal-style scientific paper: Materials and methods. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://abacus.bates.edu/~ganderso/biology/resources/writing/HTWsections.html#methods
13. B
Join in the discussion. For staff meetings to be effective, all employees should participate in the discussion. The purpose of staff meetings usually Is to discuss issues that are of importance to the business, or to solve problems. Therefore, employees should join in the discussion rather than remain silent because their ideas and opinions are valuable. Employees should not comment on every detail. Employees should adequately explain their ideas, but it is not effective to start an argument with those who disagree.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Schechter, D. (2011, June 1). How to run a staff meeting. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http:/www.businessinsider.com/how-to-run-a-staff-meeting-2011-6
14. B
A business listens to customer feedback. When a business takes customers seriously and listens to their feedback, it is demonstrating positive customer relations. Just because a business conducts a number of transactions with customers does not mean that it has positive customer relations. An absence of customer complaints does not necessarily indicate positive customer relations; sometimes, resolving complaints or problems successfully creates positive customer relations. Advertising may or may not relate to a business's customer relations efforts.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. C
Legal but may be unethical. Selling customer information is legal, but it may be unethical depending on how the information will be used. Selling customer information is a very common business practice.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: CR LAP 17—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
16. A
Economizing. Economizing involves obtaining the greatest possible satisfaction from one's limited resources. Scarcity is the conflict between limited resources and unlimited wants. Producers make goods and services. Distribution is the process or activity by which income is divided among resource owners. Michelle is not creating scarcity or increasing distribution. There is no indication that she produces anything.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
17. D
Form. Usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer is form utility. Place utility makes goods and services available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Time utility is making goods and services available when they are needed or wanted by consumers.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
18. B
Cultural intelligence. Because of globalization, most businesses and employees deal with associates and customers from a variety of cultural backgrounds. Therefore, cultural intelligence is simply a “must” for any business operating in today's global marketplace. Globalization does not necessarily require strong leadership, agility, or cohesiveness.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: EC LAP 25—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
19. B
Watch its competitors. A business with high profits usually has high sales, and competitors often try to attract such a business's customers. The business should pay attention to competitors’ activities so that its current profits can be maintained. Since profits are high, the business's advertising does not need to be increased. The business should not reduce its staff or raise its prices as that may cause it to lose sales.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
20. B
Income. Income tax is a tax on profit. When businesses earn a profit from supplying goods and services to consumers, they pay a certain percentage of that profit to the government. The tax that businesses pay on the profits they earn is not an example of excise or sales tax. Property tax is a tax on material goods rather than on profit.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. B
Decreases in prices on consumer products. Gross domestic product (GDP) is the final market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. An increase in GDP has positive influences on a country's economy, including an increase in the standard of living, the addition of jobs, and enabling the government to fulfill its duties more thoroughly; but it does not reduce the prices of consumer products.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
22. B
High interest rates. High interest rates strengthen currency value because foreign investors are attracted to countries with high interest rates—it gives them a better rate of return on their investments. Trade deficits, high government debt, and increased inflation are all economic factors that weaken currency value.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: EC LAP 30—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
23. D
Motivated. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are motivated. They have a strong desire to succeed. They often set high standards for themselves so that whatever they do is evaluated in terms of their goals. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are not necessarily prosperous or impatient. Transparent people are who they say they are and have nothing to hide.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
24. D
Industriousness. By demonstrating industriousness, you are showing that you are ready, willing, and able to work. You are also showing that you care about the work you do and take pride in the quality of your performance. This is what Kellie is doing by being ready and willing to help others. Orderliness is being orderly and systematic in your behavior, as well as having proper organizational skills. Self-control is being able to restrain your feelings, words, and actions, even in trying situations. Cooperativeness is being able to work well with others, as well as being able to compromise in order to resolve a conflict.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
25. C
The tasks are completed on time. Finishing tasks with care means that the tasks have been completed on time. Part of responsible behavior means that you finish your tasks when they are supposed to be finished. Finishing tasks with care and on time does not necessarily mean that your teacher or boss will be happy, that your project will succeed, or that your tasks have been triple checked.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: El LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
26. D
You are not responsible for the decisions and actions of others. Part of taking responsibility for decisions and actions means understanding the limits of your responsibility. You are not responsible for the behavior of others; however, you are always responsible for your own. Responsibility is important in both the big and small decisions and actions. Taking responsibility is something you do every day, not just one time.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: EI LAP 75—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
27. A
Influencing people to change their attitudes. Persuasion is the ability to get people to see things your way, to do things your way, or to agree with you. When you persuade, yau try to influence people to change their attitudes or behavior. You try to get people to act a certain way or to stop acting a certain way. Often, you try to get people to agree on a plan of action. Persuasion is not losing your temper, forcing your ideas and opinions on others, or intimidating other people.
SOURCE: El:012
SOURCE: EILAP 121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
28. D
Soliciting feedback. Achievement orientation is a drive to accomplish one's goals and to meet or exceed a high standard of success. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more efficiently than they have been done in the past. To find better ways to do things, achievement-oriented people solicit feedback from others—coworkers, managers, etc. Emma is not setting goals, taking risks, or being patient.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: El LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
29. A
Vision. A vision for a business is what the business wants to become. Management and employees have a shared vision when they see the same image of what the business is capable of being in the future. When everyone in the business shares the vision, that vision has a better chance of becoming a reality because everyone is working for the same future. A business might realize a vision by setting several goals to achieve. A vision is more than a dream or an idea.
SOURCE: El:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60-—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
30. B
Achievement of common goals and mutual benefits. The main goal of group interdependence is to have employees rely upon fellow workers in order to achieve a common goal. These employees work together for a common purpose, not for the satisfaction of individual workers. Feelings of self-reliance are not characteristic of interdependence. Because of the uniqueness of individuals, it would be impossible to develop a common perspective, or outlook, among them.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 37—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
31. B
Revolving. Businesses that offer revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that a customer may charge an account. When customers use their credit cards and make purchases on their accounts, businesses require them to make a minimal monthly payment. If a customer chooses to make the minimal payment, the business charges interest on the customer's outstanding balance. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that the borrower pays in regular installments until the item is paid off. Installment credit is often used when purchasing expensive items such as cars and furniture. A budget credit account is a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods with a payment due every 30 days. Service credit is credit used for utilities that have been consumed but not paid for (e.g., water and electricity).
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit ls Due (Credit and Its Importance)
32. B
Written down. People who have written goals accomplish 50 to 100 times more than people who do not. You are not more likely to achieve goals that are based on needs only or that are long- or short-term.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Wohlner, R. (2011, June 8). How to set and achieve financial goals, Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://money.usnews.com/money/blogs/the-smarter-mutual-fund- investor/2011/06/08/how-to-set-and-achieve-financial-goals
33. C
Memorize your social security number, and keep your card at home. You should avoid keeping your social security card in your wallet or purse. Instead, leave the card at home or somewhere safe, and memorize your social security number. You should never give out personal information when the other person initiated the contact—instead, you should only give out information when you initiated the contact yourself. You shouldn't just throw away credit card statements, receipts, and credit offers. Instead, you should shred them. Many thieves practice dumpster diving to find documents with bank account or credit card numbers. You shouldn't give out information to someone who says s/he works for a legitimate company, as that person could easily be lying to you. In fact, this is a common phishing scheme. Only give out your personal information if the other person has some way to verify who s/he is (or if you were the one who contacted him/her).
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2012, July). How to keep your personal information safe. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.consumer.fitc.gov/articles/0272-how-keep- your-personal-information-secure
34. C
Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The balance sheet shows a business's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Long-term assets are items of value—buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment—that businesses use to generate revenue for more than a year. Inventory and cash are listed as current or short-term assets, which involve levels that tend to fluctuate. The mortgage is a long-term liability, and accounts payable (e.g., insurance premiums) are current liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 73). South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. C
Zero-based. Budgets are estimations of income and expenses. In zero-based budgeting, managers are required to show the need for every expense that they expect their departments or companies to incur within a set time period. A rolling or continuous budget replaces each passing month with a new month added to the end of the budget, so that there is always a year-long budget in place. A master budget is a comprehensive budget for the entire company and includes all company functions and departments. Relational is not a type of budget.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. C
Cash from operations. Cash flow includes three components by which cash enters and leaves a company: cash from operations, investing, and financing. Cash from operations includes how much cash is generated from a company's products or services. Accounts receivable is included in this section. Net income is not the same as cash flow because it also includes sales made with credit.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (2016). What is a cash flow statement? Retrieved October 26, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/04/033104.asp
37. B
Electronically processing information. Human resources management involves gathering and maintaining an enormous amount of information related to employees and their jobs. One way that the use of computer technology benefits human resources management is by electronically processing information. Computer systems are able to store vast amounts of information in databases, allow managers to access and update information when necessary, and organize information according to specific criteria. As a result, fewer employees are needed to process the information and the amount of paperwork is reduced, which saves money for the business. The use of computer technology does not reduce the need to interview candidates or analyze valuable feedback. Departmental managers delegate work and provide their subordinates with feedback.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Lewis, J. (2016). How does technology impact HR practices? Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/technology-impact-hr-practices-37912.html
38. B
Riding a bicycle. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Riding a bicycle is an example of tacit knowledge. This is because the person does not know how to ride the bike until s/he actually performs the action. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). Retrieving email, verifying facts, and inventing products are examples of explicit knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: Spacey, J. (2016, June 27). 10 examples of tacit knowledge. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://management.simplicable.com/management/new/10-examples-of-tacit-knowledge
39. D
Camilla is exhibiting ethical behavior by passing along personal knowledge to help Cecily learn haw to do her job. Many times, employees find ways that help them manage their workload—things that aren't always written in their job descriptions. This personal knowledge is acquired by trial and error, which occurs by repeating tasks and activities over time. Personal knowledge might include tips that help the employee work with or around deficit computer processes, or shortcuts that eliminate waste or improve efficiency. If Camilla did not provide these tips, it would likely take Cecily more time to become proficient at her job, which can affect the company's efficiency and ability to achieve its goals. Therefore, Camilla is behaving in an ethical manner by providing Cecily with tips and persona! knowledge. Until Cecily gets acclimated with her job, she will not know if she has a better way to complete tasks than the way that Camilla suggests. There isn't evidence to indicate that Camilla would provide incorrect information.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Daum, K. (2013, August 26). Help new employees succeed from day one. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/kevin-daum/help-new-employees-succeed- from-day-one.html
40. C
Incident-management software. Incident-management software helps the company to detect and record production issues. As a result, it can help employees to identify problems, share information, and work together to salve problems, such as bottlenecks in the production process, more quickly. Mind-mapping software facilitates creative thinking and product innovation, Public domain technology, such as software and databases, are not owned by any one entity and can be used by the general public for free or for a fee. An accounting database stores financial data such as sales transactions.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Burgess, T. (2013, September 4). The benefits of a successful incident management system. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://blog.samanage.com/help-desk-software/the- benefits-of-a-successful-incident-management-system/
41. D
Nondisclosure agreement. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. The purpose of a nondisclosure agreement is to provide businesses with legal protection if a competitor attempts to use revealed information for financial gain or benefit. Nondisclosure provisions or agreements are often part of the noncompete agreement, which is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not work for a competitor for a certain length of time after leaving the company. An indictment is a court-issued statement that formally charges an individual with a crime. An injunction is a court order forbidding a business or a person to perform certain activities.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Inc.com. (2009, December 1). How to protect your trade secrets. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/magazine/20091 201 /how-to-protect-your-trade-secrets.html
42. C
Critical incident interview. Companies collect knowledge for a variety of reasons. When workplace accidents occur, companies want to know how and why they happened, so they can take steps to prevent similar accidents in the future. Questioning employees who witnessed the accident is a good starting point for determining the cause of the accident. This questioning process is called a critical incident interview. The knowledge gathered from the interviews helps the company understand the circumstances or problems that led up to the accident. Brainstorming is a creative thinking technique. An employee performance review is a formal evaluation of an employee's work efforts.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: HR-Survey, LLC. (2016). Training and development: Critical incident interview guide. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.hr- survey.com/Critical_Incident_Interview_Guide.htm
43. B
A car. Product type affects a customer's buying behavior. Customers who exhibit complex buying behavior are highly involved in the purchase because the product tends to be more expensive and risky. When the purchase is a form of self-expression, it affects the customer's status or image, and brand is an important factor. Because cars are expensive and vary in dependability and style, customers tend to spend more time evaluating their options before buying. Meals, socks, and gasoline are routine purchases, so customers tend to exhibit habitual buying behavior rather than complex buying behavior when purchasing these items.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 145-146]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
44. D
Criticism. When assessing information, it is important to discern fact from opinion and criticism. The example is a statement of disapproval, which is criticism. It is based on opinion or beliefs rather than facts. Facts contain information or data that are indisputable and true.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovie, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 17]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
45. B
Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes that his previous employer uses. In many situations, employers require employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement, which is a promise to maintain the confidentiality of the business's trade secrets. Bob's new employer is asking him to break the promise that he made to his previous employer and share the information, which presents an ethical dilemma for Bob. Mailing a product catalag and price list to a customer, discussing work plans with coworkers, and providing a customer with accurate information about a company's privacy policy are ethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Rocket Lawyer. (2016). NDA 101: What is a non-disclosure agreement? Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://www.rocketlawyer.com/article/nda-1 01:-what-is-a-non- disclosure-agreement.rl
46. C
“how to make good decisions as a team" "les mckeown". When searching for something very specific, the goal is to have the search field retrieve the fewest results possible. When the search engine retrieves fewer results, the researcher can often avoid reading through a lot of material to get the desired information. Placing quotation marks (rather than parentheses) around the exact article title, as well as the author's name, narrows the results that the search mechanism retrieves. Placing OR between the phrase and the author's name increases the number of results retrieved because the search engine looks for the article title and the author's name as individual queries as well as a combined query. Additionally, the search should contain the author's full name to narrow the results. Placing a minus sign before a search term removes the term from the search, which increases the search results because all articles containing the key words written by other authors are likely to show up in the results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (2016). All tips & tricks. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https:/www.google.com/inti/en_u/insidesearch/tipstricks/all.html
47. C
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Some integrated software packages are customized to perform interrelated activities for a specific business or industry. Because business functions are interrelated, employees must often have access to the same data, which integrated software enables them to do. This, in turn, increases the employees’ productivity, and the company's overall efficiency. Design applications enable computer users to develop artistic documents (e.g., advertising layouts) or three-dimensional models or drawings for product development. Businesses use global positioning systems (GPS) for navigation and tracking purposes. Digital forensics involves investigating activities and recovering data that are related to computer crimes.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: NetSuite. (2016). Benefits of an integrated business software system. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.netsuite.com/portal/resource/articles/software-system.shtml
48. D
Vendor technical support. Comprehensive project-management software can help the project manager allocate resources—human, financial, material, capital—in the most efficient ways. When selecting software for complex, large-scale projects, it is important to consider the type of service support that the software distributor is willing to provide. If problems occur, project managers and team members may need to contact a technical support person to answer questions or to help solve technical problems. Team members who have experience with different types of project-management software may offer opinions, but the type of project, available resources, and constraints are likely to have a greater impact on the project manager's selection decision. Legal business structure and budgeting methods are not major considerations when selecting project-management software.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Auza, J. (2010, April 14). Free and open source project management software. Retrieved October 17, 2011, from http:///www.junauza.com/2010/04/open-source-project-management- software.html
49. C
Communicate data change. When data changes, companies should communicate these changes to all people who are affected, including employees, customers, etc., not just those who are actively involved with the changes. There is no indication that the company has failed to adapt to new technology, track changes in data, or attend to industry trends.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Oracle. (2016). Change data capture. Retrieved October 27, 2016, from https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B28359_01/server.111/b28313/cdc.htm
50. A
Rights to privacy. More and more businesses are using information-management systems to collect personal information about customers. What businesses do with this information is important because they risk violating their customers’ rights to privacy. Businesses need to protect their customers' rights to privacy because customers who feel that businesses have misused their private information may stop buying from those businesses or go so far as to take legal action. Customers’ access to credit, level of service, or need for information are not affected by a business's use of a marketing information system.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2016). Protecting consumer privacy. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from httos://www. ftc.gov/news-events/media-resources/protecting-consumer-privacy
51. D
Make decisions about future operations. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-... . . to-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Monitoring internal records does not help a business to track the activities of competitors or understand global economic conditions. Businesses do : not use internal records to handle employee problems and complaints.
SOURCE: NF:01
SOURCE: Missouri Business Development Program. (2016). What kind of records should small business owners keep? Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://missouribusiness.net/article/records-business-keep/
52. C
Custodial work. Maintenance and repairs is an a operations activity that includes custodial work, as well as other routine upkeep of a business's equipment and facilities. It does not include planning the production process, site selection, or analyzing finances.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
53. B
Health-department permit. Certain types of businesses, such as restaurants, grocers, and health-care facilities, must obtain permits to operate from the health department. Businesses that prepare and sell food carry a higher risk of transmitting infectious disease, so it is important that they comply with laws, so they can continue to operate. Real-estate agents must obtain real-estate licenses. Transportation companies (e.g., trucking companies) must obtain licensure or certification to operate from the appropriate government agency (e.g., U.S. Department of Transportation). A search warrant is a legal document authorizing law-enforcement officials to search property.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2016). Starting a business: License and permit checklist. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.findlaw.com/starting-business/starting-business-licenses- permits/starting-business-licenses-permits-checklist.html
54. D
To correct dangerous situations. It is important to report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations in order to force businesses to correct dangerous situations. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses or employees do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations; however, businesses may be fined if they continue to ignore the regulations. During the process of investigating a report of noncompliance, it may be necessary to obtain business records. The primary purpose of reporting noncompliance is not to support whistleblowing policies. Whistleblowing policies and legislation is to protect employees from employer retribution for reporting noncompliance.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2016). Employee rights 101. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://employment.findlaw.com/employment-discrimination/employees-rights-101.html
55. C
Develop a to-do list. A to-do list contains every activity that the employee needs to accomplish in a period of time. After developing the to-do list, the employee can rank each activity's importance (prioritize) in relation to the time it takes to complete the activity and the activity's deadline. Multi-tasking involves working on several activities at one time. Employees may not have the authority to change work deadlines. Working overtime may help the employee complete the work on time, but this action will not help the employee to prioritize the work.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Sussex, T. (2014, April 8). How to prioritize work when everything is #1. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://www.liquidplanner.com/blog/how-to-prioritize-wark-when-everythings- 7 Test 1153 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 24
56. A
Sequentially. Sequential order involves performing tasks in a logical order to achieve a desired outcome. In the workplace, it is important to coordinate tasks, especially when one employee must complete a task so another employee can perform the next task in the process that is needed to complete a required activity. In the example, each employee requires a coworker to complete a task so the next person can do his/her job; therefore, the work must be coordinated so it is performed in a certain sequence. If the employees are performing tasks simultaneously, they are doing the tasks at the same time. There Is not enough information provided to determine if the tasks must be performed quickly. If the tasks are done in no particular order, they are being performed randomly.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 153-160]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
57. B
Clearly communicate all timelines and deadlines. When delegating work, it is important for managers to clearly communicate to employees all timelines and deadlines that they are expected to meet. Managers should not give employees complete freedom and authority when delegating work or employees may miss important deadlines; however, micromanaging should also be avoided. Managers should not expect that employee work will be below expectations—instead, they should guide employees and provide the resources that they need to successfully complete their assignments.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: MindTools. (2016). Successful delegation. Retrieved November 9, 2016, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newLDR_98.htm
58. A
Analyze its current processes. The first step in streamlining work processes Is analyzing current processes. Without analyzing the state of its current production processes, the food manufacturer won't know what areas need to be improved. Drafting process changes, acquiring the necessary resources, and communicating changes to stakeholders are all steps in the streamlining process that come after analyzing the current processes.
SOURCE: OP:355
SOURCE: MindTools. (2016). improving business processes. Retrieved November 9, 2016, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/improving-business-processes.htm
59. A
Change management addresses unforeseen circumstances. Change management is different from risk management in that it addresses unforeseen circumstances, whereas risk management assesses known risks. Risk management and change management are equally important for project success. Risk management is no less reliable than change management. Change management can refer to changes made by the client, but it can also refer to unforeseen circumstances such as natural disasters.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
60. B
Objectives. To evaluate the results of your project, it's important to first define your objectives. These objectives should be measurable and specific. Objectives lead to project results. Consequences occur based on the results of the project. Objectives are more concrete and planned than simple hopes or wishes.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Dummies. (2018). Project management: How to state your project's objectives. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/careers/project-management/project- management-how-to-state-your-projects-objectives/
61. C
Share relevant information. To maintain favorable relationships with its vendors, a business should share relevant information. Open, frequent, and honest communication can build trust and respect, which facilitate long-term business relationships. A competitive orientation may help the business achieve short- term goals, but may damage long-term vendor relationships. Automating ordering processes and requesting volume discounts will not always help the business maintain long-term relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Whittenhall, T. (2014, December 18). 4 ways fo improve vendor communication. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://blog.protechassociates.com/4-ways-to-improve-vendor- communication
62. D
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain period of time. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A service order is a request for service, such as an equipment repair or installation. A referral is a recommendation rather than a type of purchase order.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 62]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. D
Work-in-progress. Work-in-progress inventory consists of the parts and components that are used to complete the finished item. Casters and decorative hardware are examples of work-in-progress used to make furniture such as storage chests, coffee tables, and clothing armoires. Finished goods are completed products that are ready to be marketed. The perpetual inventory method records and continuously updates inventory information. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office and cleaning supplies and employee uniforms.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Udemy. (2014, June 11). Types of inventory: The five supply inventories. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://blog.udemy.com/types-of-inventory-2/
64. B
Concede on minor points before major points. Planning for concessions is an important aspect of an effective negotiation strategy. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later during the negotiation process. An effective negotiator wants to give up (concede) something minor or unimportant early to make it seem more valuable than it really is. If the negotiator gives up a major point early in the negotiation, then s/he will lose her/his power base and leverage. If the negotiator does not plan to provide some concessions, then the negotiation session may end in a stalemate, and agreement may not be reached. Refusing to concede anything might result in a stalemate.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 477-478]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. B
Routing establishes the production path of inputs. Routing is the production activity that determines the sequence for the steps in the production process. It establishes the path that inputs take as they move through the conversion process to become salable products. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes a timetable for production. Dispatching is the production activity that issues orders for production to start. Following up makes sure production was carried out according to plan and that the products produced met company standards.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
66. C
Straightening goods disarranged by customers. A good salesperson can help control waste and loss by trying to keep goods in order and seeing that products are put back in place. Salespeople should locate items for customers to prevent damage inadvertently caused by customers while searching for a particular item, size, or style. Pressuring customers to buy or trying to handle several sales at once is ~~ more likely to lose sales for the business than to control its expenses.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2016, July 30). /s your store ready for sales? Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/is-your-store-ready-for-sales-2890515
67. B
Balanced scorecard. By using the balanced scorecard, the business looks at a variety of interrelated perspectives so it can get a clear, overall understanding of what is going on within the organization. An income statement and accounting ratios are tools that provide insight into the financial aspects of the business. A SWOT analysis is a tool that helps the business evaluate its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats and involves looking at factors inside and outside the business.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Vitez, O., & Schroeder, P. (2014, November 19}. What are the different types of business analysis tools? Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://;www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the- different-types-of-business-analysis-tools.htm
68. C
Determine the steps that employees need to follow to complete the project. Business process thinking is a method of thinking that emphasizes the importance of processes in business. Managers who use business process thinking would most likely focus on establishing the process that employees should follow before beginning a new project. While the end-result is important in any project, managers who use business process thinking would place more emphasis on the process than the result when beginning a new project. They would not create a list of things employees should avoid doing during the project. Examining the financial implications of a project is important but does not describe business process thinking.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2016, August 3). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved October 26, 2016, from https://www. projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-process- thinking.htmi
69. B
Human. People can have a large impact on the design of a process. Stress, employee morale, and fatigue are common human factors that can influence process design. If the internet and cable company wants to increase its customer-service phone line hours, it will need to consider that its employees may not be able to take on any extra work or may become fatigued from the extra hours. Regulatory and environmental factors that affect process design include government regulations and the political or social environment surrounding a company. Technological factors include the cost of necessary equipment or technology.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2016). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved October 26, 2016, from http://www.chow.comilist_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
70. B
Customer dissatisfaction with the manufacturer. Customers who are unable to purchase food for their pets are likely to be dissatisfied and frustrated with the pet food manufacturer. The lack of pet food would result in decreased sales, not increased sales. The relationship between the manufacturer and its suppliers would likely be damaged, since the suppliers would lose sales and customers from the lack of pet food.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2016). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies? Retrieved October 26, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supply-chain- management-affect-manufacturing-companies-7584 1 .html
71. C
A manufacturing firm tracks its inventory using a digital warehouse management system. Digital warehouse management systems help companies distribute products more efficiently by tracking inventory in real-time—a technology that allows for better supply chain management. Hiring new employees, weather events, and new laws are not examples of technology influencing supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Genco. (2016). Technology's impact on the supply chain. Retrieved October 28, 2016, from http://www.genco.com/Logistics-Articles/article.php?aid=3 70733
72. A
Supply chain network. Supply chain networks encompass the flow and movement of materials and information among connected organizations. Because of the plant closure, the manufacturer would be unable to provide steel to the distributors and stores that need it. This would result in a disruption of the supply chain network. This situation would probably not influence the company's chain of command, marketing department, or advertising budget.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Adaptalift Hyster. (2011, September 27). What is a supply chain network? Retrieved October 31, 2016, from http://www. aalhysterforklifts.com.au/index.php/abaut/blog- post/what_is_a_supply_chain_network
73. C
Accountability and compliance. It is important for companies to consider safety regulations, child labor laws, and fair compensation practices before becoming involved in a global supply chain. Language barriers, time zone differences, and delivery and shipping delays are also important issues involved in global supply chain management; however, they are not described in this situation.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk. Retrieved November 1, 2016, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/6-global- supply-chain-challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
74. C
Retrieve Peter's work-related usernames and passwords. When an employee leaves a company, there is a security risk if that employee still has access to the company's digital assets. Peter's usernames and passwords to company social media accounts, websites, etc. should be retrieved and either deleted or changed. Removing backups of all of Peter's data and files is not practical because those data and files might be important to the company as a whole. Peter's files should not necessarily be deleted immediately because they might be needed by the company. Finally, storing Peter's personal information in a database will not necessarily protect its digital assets.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: Parrish, S. (2014, February 18). Planning steps to protect your digital assets. Retrieved October 28, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/steveparrish/2014/02/1 8/planning- stepsto-protect-your-digital-assets/#1037cc034eed
75. C
Scan the drive for viruses before opening it. External devices can carry viruses that can allow customer data to be exposed to threats. Scanning the USB for viruses can detect any threats before the data is exposed, protecting private customer information. Refusing to open the files isn't necessarily a reasonable action because Riley needs to view the files in one way or another. Deleting customer information is not practical because the information is probably necessary to the company's success. Finally, firing the design firm is an unreasonable response because the firm did not necessarily do anything to warrant such action.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: StaySafeOnline.org. (2016). Protect your customers. Retrieved October 28, 2016, from https://staysafeonline.org/business-safe-online/protect-your-customers
76. B
Demographics. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. In other words, demographics divide a population by factors like age, race, economic status, income level, and many other things. Businesses can target their innovations toward specific demographics. Experience, .. --. accidents, and looking toward the future are all sources of innovation, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
77. D
Time management can be kept very simple. Some misconceptions about time management are that it is simply a matter of common sense and that it requires a lot of work. It does not drain the fun out of life. In reality, time management can be kept very simple.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
78. D
Merchandising. Merchandising is a career area in marketing, along with marketing communications, marketing management, marketing research, and professional selling. Administrative services and general management are career areas in management and administration. Banking services is a career area in finance.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
79. A
Determination. When entrepreneurs are willing to do what it takes to get their businesses up and running, they are determined to make their ventures successful. Determination involves following through with certain actions that may be difficult or unpleasant—such as the willingness to cut back on spending and a willingness to work long hours—to achieve a desired result. Humility is a lack of pride. Organization involves carrying out activities in systematic ways. Objectivity is open-mindedness.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
80. C
Lena is in charge of demand forecasting. Demand forecasting is a typical job duty of an employee working in supply chain management. Interviewing potential employees, orienting new employees, and being in charge of employee benefits are typical job duties for human resources employees.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: PD LAP 19—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
81. C
Mention it in a follow-up letter. Applicants should send follow-up letters to interviewers after interviews to thank them for the opportunity to interview, to reinforce key points mentioned during the interview, to express interest in the position, and to mention important topics that were omitted during the interview. Phoning or going back to the business requires interviewers to stop what they are doing, thus taking unnecessary time away from their jobs. The follow-up letter could be faxed if the interviewer is planning to make an immediate hiring decision; however, the omission should be addressed as part of a follow-up letter rather than being sent as a separate, urgent document.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Taylor, N. (2016, March 4). After the interview: Sample thank you letters. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/5578-sample-thank-you- letters.html
82. A
Each work package should take between eight and 80 hours to complete. The 8/80 rule for dividing project work packages states that no package should take less than eight hours or more than 80 hours to complete. This rule intends to keep work packages in manageable units—not too small or too large. Making changes to the WBS changes the project scope. The project manager may get input from others when developing the WBS, but s/he does not need to get team members’ approval. A WBS dictionary is a tool that helps inform project team members about the scope, status, milestones, and deliverables associated with each project activity. Team members do not develop the WBS dictionary after they carry out their work tasks.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Mathis, M. (n.d.). Work breakdown structure: Purpose, process, and pitfalls. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www. projects mart.co.uk/work-breakdown-structure-purpose- process-pitfalls.html
83. B
Computer programming flaws. Computer programming flaws (bugs) can cause problems when executing and controlling various aspects of a project. Important data may be misplaced, left out, or transposed. These errors can cause process delays, create financial and budgeting problems, and compromise deadlines, which threaten the project's success. Developing and executing contingency plans can help reduce the negative effects of potential threats. Effective security devices and the methods in which budgets are developed are not threats to a project.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Brownell, P. (2014, May 5). 3 ways to avoid and fix software bugs. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from https://www.growthaccelerationpartners.com/blog/3-ways-avoid-fix-software- bugs/
84. B
Mediating a conflict to resolve a problem. Conflict resolution is the process of resolving or ending a conflict. Project managers may need to help resolve conflicts among team members if they cannot reach resolution or solve problems by themselves. There is not enough information provided to determine if the project manager had to reassign tasks or review the work breakdown structure to resolve the problem. The project manager is not implementing team-building activities.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Kloppenborg, T.J. (2015). Project management (3rd ed.) [pp. 369-370]. Stamford, CT: Cengage Learning.
85. C
Network diagram. A network diagram is used to plan and track the project from beginning to finish. A work breakdown structure shows the “part-whole” relationships in a project. In this example, the network diagram shows the major steps of the project from beginning to end. For example, each task in Kevin's project requires sub-steps that would be diagrammed in a work breakdown structure (e.g., sub-steps required to prepare house for painting: take down shutters, scrape off chipping paint, etc.) A scope management plan defines the project's purpose, rationale, the results to be achieved, and the products to be developed. A project charter is a written overview of a project that includes information such as the project purpose, goals, and products. it also identifies the project manager and authorizes him/her to begin work on the project.
SOURCE: PJ:010
SOURCE: Dummies. (2016). How to create a network diagram. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from hitp://www.dummies.com/careers/project-management/how-to-create-a-network-diagram/
86. B
Closing. When a project has been completed, the project manager returns the equipment and supplies to vendors or departments and releases team members to their previous duties. During the implementation phase, the team members use the resources to perform project tasks. During the planning phase, the project manager determines the resources that will be needed to complete the project. The stakeholders define the project's purpose during the Initiation phase of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Bright Hub Project Management. (2011, May 21). Key activities during the project closure phase. Retrieved November 16, 2016, from http://www. brighthubpm.com/monitoring- projects/102293-key-activities-during-the-project-closure-phase/
87. C
Quality control. Quality control is a process that weeds out defective products after they've been created. It is sometimes referred to as quality inspection. Quality assurance is an organization-wide system that businesses use to ensure that products meet quality standards; it includes quality contral, but its scope is much bigger than just that. Quality improvement involves an organization's willingness to change and adapt for the purpose of maintaining quality. Quality command is not a common aspect of quality management.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: QMLAP i—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
88. A
CMMI helps a business improve quality by linking specific activities with organizational goals. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) is a software program designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs, and performance levels. By implementing CMMI, the business can integrate and guide different types of quality improvements throughout various levels of the organization. A business can use CMMI to improve quality in relation to product development, product acquisition, or service management and delivery processes for specific projects, by company division, or throughout the entire organization by Jinking specific activities with organizational goals. CMMI provides an organization with flexibility to focus on the aspects of the business that need to be improved. CMMI focuses on integrating functions for quality improvement rather than dividing them.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: CMMI Institute. (2016). What is CMMI? Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://cmmiinstitute.com/what-is-cmmi
89. A
Increased revenue. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase productivity, which lowers costs and increases revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2016). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQi). Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality- improvement-cqi.html
90. C
Encouraging employees to report workplace misconduct. When employees exhibit unethical behavior, it places employers at risk. Risk might include financial losses related to theft, embezzlement, government fines, and lawsuits. To lower risk, businesses should implement procedures that encourage employees to report workplace misconduct. By providing a way to report misconduct to management, the business can take corrective action to prevent further unethical behavior. Businesses develop policies to maintain a fair environment. If employees can change policies at any time, the risk of unethical activity increases. Some records, such as personnel files and customer financial data, are confidential, and should not be available for all employees to view. Using company resources (e.g., expensive equipment) can increase risk because untrained employees may break or misuse the equipment.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Nieweler, A. (2016). How to get your employees to report more misconduct. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from https://www.whistleblowersecurity.com/blog/how-to-get-your- employees-to-report-more-misconduct
91. C
Use computer passwords. A business must take precautions to secure its clients’ confidential information. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential information, businesses often assign computer passwords to allow authorized employees to view secured information. Developing a routing system, restricting digital signature options, and limiting Internet use are not actions that will limit the accessibility of internal business information.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 358-359). South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Captive insurance companies. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade associations) often form their own insurance companies, which are known as captive insurance companies. Primary advantages of forming captive insurance companies are that the founding organizations control the premium rates and the claims process. If the organizations obtain insurance through the traditional or standard insurance industry, they have no control over the premium amounts they pay or the ways in which their claims are processed. Reinsurance carriers sell insurance to primary insurance carriers to protect the primary carriers from unexpected, catastrophic losses.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Wallace, O., & Foster, N. (2014, November 6). What is captive insurance? Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-captive-insurance.htm
93. C
Controlling and directing. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. It evaluates an organization's performance and corrects problems, if necessary. Directing is the management function that provides guidance to workers and work projects so that they can help the business meet its goals. The other management functions are staffing (finding qualified employees to perform job tasks); organizing (deciding how the work required by an organization will be divided); and planning (deciding what will be done in an organization and how it will be accomplished). Supervising, producing, and analyzing are not management functions.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SMLAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
94. B
What do we want to da? The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes—determining what we want to do. All activities carried out in the other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—depend on the answer(s) to the question, "What do we want to do?" Deciding who will do the work is a staffing activity. Measuring the success or achievement of goals is a controlling activity. Determining how to monitor the work effort is a directing activity.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2016). Management functions: Planning. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.enotes.com/management-encyclopedia/management-functions
95. A
Time management. The organizing function of management involves setting up the way the business's work will be done. An important aspect of organizing involves understanding the time it takes an employee to complete certain tasks. By understanding the time it takes to complete work activities, the manager can determine the best way to structure the workload among the employees. Discipline, - feedback, and rewards are issues associated with the directing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: DeMers, J. (2014, November 17). 7 guidelines for delegating tasks to employees. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/jayson-demers/7-guidelines-for-delegating-tasks-to-employees.html
96. D
Identifying the desired job skills. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Before a business can find workers to fill positions, managers must determine what activities need to be carried out and the skills needed to perform these activities. After identifying the needed skills, managers can write a job description, research pay scales to determine the compensation rate for the position, and determine which channels (e.g., newspaper ads, job fairs, company website, etc.) to use to recruit job applicants.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Gish, W. (n.d.). Recruitment staffing process. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://smallbusIness.chron.com/recruitment-staffing-process-17593.html
97. A
It helps clarify the employee's role in the business. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. By providing guidance, managers are clarifying the employees’ roles in accomplishing the business's goals. Although the business is more likely to achieve its goals if coworkers are willing to collaborate and maintain positive working relationships, directing is primarily focused on making sure that employees understand and carry out their responsibilities. Setting goals and defining the business's purpose and vision are planning activities.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2016). Importance of direction function. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
98. B
Actual results. Control is the management function that involves comparing what was planned with the actual results. To be successful, businesses must be able to achieve what they plan. By monitoring the actual results, managers will know if the business is performing as planned or if changes need to be made. Goals are the objectives the business plans to achieve. Managerial control does not involve comparing what was planned with the operating policies or the established strategies.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2016). Controlling function of management. Retrieved November 17, 2016, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/controlling_function.htm
99. C
Change. Change management is a set of strategies designed to ensure that changes in an organization are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. By helping the accounting staff make the transition to a new software, Antonio is engaging in change management. He is not performing human resource management, operations management, or supply chain management.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2016). Change management. Retrieved November 14, 2016, from https://www.mindtaols.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
100. A
Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees. The first stage of the change-management life cycle involves realizing the need for change and explaining this to employees in an understandable manner. Engaging in dialogue to determine how to best implement change, agreeing on a strategic plan for implementing change, and carrying out a strategic plan for implementing change are all actions taken in subsequent stages of the change-management life cycle.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: TwentyEighty Strategy Execution, Inc. (2015). The change management life cycle: How to involve your people to ensure success at every stage. Retrieved November 14, 2016, from http://www.esi-intl.co.uk/resource_centre/white_papers/the%20change%20management%20life%20cycle.p df
Test 1164
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Law. The law is commonly understood as a set of rules that, if violated, results in punishment or penalty. In the United States, laws are the products of written statutes passed by a governing body, such as the United States Congress or state legislatures. Pedestrians must follow traffic laws when crossing the street. Penalties are negative consequences that occur when a law has been broken. Regulations are standards and rules that dictate how laws will be enforced. Jurisdiction is the authority to decide how the law applies and to enforce the law.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163 Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
Interest is charged. When an individual or business charges interest on money that another individual or business borrows, a debtor-creditor relationship exists. An invalid contract and a sale that is paid in full at the time of transaction do not establish a debtor-creditor relationship. In some situations, a debtor may liquidate stocks to pay a creditor; however, this does not always occur.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Encyclopedia Britannica. (2017). Debtor and creditor. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.britannica.com/topic/debtor-creditor-relationship
3. A
The employer does not think it will be able to win the case. A party may offer a settlement if it believes it has little chance to win a case. In this example, Jon's employer does not believe it will win, so it may offer a settlement. A settlement is a way to avoid the case going to court. Jon may or may not think he will win the case, but this does not influence his former employer's actions.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2017). Resolution before trial: Settlement. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://injury.findlaw.com/accident-injury-law/resolution-before-trial-settlement.html
4. C
The plaintiff files a complaint with the court. The litigation process begins when the plaintiff files a complaint with the court. The defendant cannot file an answer until the plaintiff files a complaint. Settlement and appeals occur later in the process.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School Legal Information Institute. (n.d.). Litigation. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/litigation
5. B
Timeliness. For certain types of information, it is crucial for the source to be up to date because data are always changing. Length and style are not necessarily indicators of reliability, though depending on the type of source, they may be important. The type of source does not always indicate reliability; many different types of sources are reliable.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Johns Hopkins Sheridan Libraries. (2017, August 10). Evaluating information. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://guides.library.jhu.edu/c.php?g=202581&p=1334914
6. C
If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer. Businesses receive inquiries from customers on a regular basis. In some situations, an employee may not know the answer to a customer's question. To provide good customer service, the employee should take the appropriate steps to obtain the requested information. This may involve verifying the price in the computer system or transferring a customer's telephone call to the sales department. Guessing the price, stating that s/he does not know the price, and telling the customer to contact another person are not legitimate responses to inquiries and do not provide customers with good customer service.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. A
Leave a good last impression with callers. Leaving a good last impression is just as important as creating a positive first impression. Employees do not want the professional image they have created to be ruined in the last seconds of the call. Concluding calls pleasantly may help you to get a good performance review, but that is not the purpose of it. Providing callers with accurate information and making good use of your time are not part of ending calls pleasantly.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Obarski, A.M. (2013, September 10). 5 tips for better telephone skills. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.businessknowhow.com/marketing/telephone-skills.htm
8. B
Transition. An effective transition helps the speaker move from one topic to another in a way that makes sense to the audience. In the example, Rachel tells the audience that she is moving on to another topic by relating the background information to the research methodology. During the introduction of an oral presentation, the speaker greets the audience, captures its attention, and provides an overview of the topic at hand. The speaker summarizes the discussion, answers the audience's questions, and thanks the audience for its time during the conclusion of the presentation. Gestures are nonverbal cues that involve movement of arms and legs.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025 Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
9. A
Inductive organization. Inductive organization starts with examples, facts, or reasons and saves conclusions for last. When you need to persuade someone of something, inductive organization can be especially helpful. This is the case for Alexis and her team. She knows that her boss won't necessarily want to spend a lot of time and money on the project, so she starts by listing the benefits. If she started out with the costs, her boss would likely be scared off before she even had the chance to convince him. Deductive organization is the opposite of inductive organization. It starts with the conclusion, and then moves to examples, facts, and reasons. This method of organization is best when delivering routine information or business writing. Chronological order presents information in time sequence. This is useful when describing history or sales figures. Geographical order involves organizing your information around location. This method of organization isn't used that often, since there aren't many topics that are easily organized by location.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: College of Marin. (n.d.). Chapter 10 lecture: Six methods for organizing data. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.marin.edu/buscom/index_files/Page1347.htm
10. B
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memorandum, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the message was written. The company's name and the employee's title do not always appear in the heading.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bauer-Ramazani, C. (2012, March 6). Memo. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://academics.smcvt.edu/cbauer-ramazani/BU113/memo_guide_citations.htm
11. A
Market analysis. Analytical reports are documents that evaluate issues, opportunities, or problems. A market analysis is a type of analytical report that evaluates a particular market. A market, for example, might include a specific age range of a particular group who live in a specific geographic location. Troubleshooting reports address specific problems, such as a problem with a process. A justification report is a type of analytical report that evaluates the success or failure of a previous decision or course of action. A feasibility report summarizes the positive and negative consequences of taking a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: KU Writing Center. (n.d.). Writing informal and analytical reports. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://writing.ku.edu/sites/writing.drupal.ku.edu/files/docs/Writing_Informational_Analytical_R eports.pdf
12. B
In this study, we will examine the causes and effects of climate change. The purpose statement appears in a research report's introduction and summarizes the purpose of the report, such as the causes and effects of climate change. The background section of a research report provides pertinent information previously gathered by other researchers, such as the 2005 survey conducted by Sims Research. A hypothesis is a proposed explanation of a situation or event, such as how the quality of soil may affect the growth rate of a plant. Factual statements contain true data or information that can be verified, such as the number of reported power outages during a specific event or time period.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Owens Community College. (2017). Thesis/Purpose statement. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.owens.edu/writing/thesis.html
13. A
Share information. Staff meetings are a method of communication in business. The purpose of participating in staff meetings usually is to share information. This includes management sharing important information with employees and employees providing information to management, such as updates on current projects. The goal is for everyone in the business to have the information they need to function effectively. The purpose of participating in staff meetings is usually not to achieve a task, conduct research, or develop a message.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Castro, A. (2016, July 6). 8 reasons regular staff meetings are a must. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.amy-castro.com/8-reasons-regular-staff-meetings-must/
14. A
Provide the customer. A brand promise is similar to a guarantee. It is what the business intends to provide the customer. A brand promise differs from business to business depending on the type of business. For some businesses, the brand promise might be quality at a low price, or dependable service, or reliability. Whatever the promise, that is what customers expect from the business. A business's brand promise is not what the business intends to sell to the target market, name its product, or use as a trademark.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006 Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
15. C
Touch points. Customers tend to look at a business as a whole despite the number of touch points (interactions between businesses and customers) they experience. Customers' opinions of a business may or may not depend on their number of complaints, feedback surveys, or purchases.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. A
Economic. Economic resources are the items that businesses use to produce goods and services. In economics, these resources are divided into three major groups or types: human, capital, and natural. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. Manufactured items that are used to produce goods and services are called capital goods. Natural resources include items that are found in nature which are used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. C
Ownership of. Service businesses perform intangible activities and sell services rather than goods. If a service business uses a good to perform its service, the business usually does not transfer ownership of the good to customers. For example, hotels provide accommodations for travelers, but the travelers do not receive ownership of the room. Customers usually receive the benefits from, usefulness of, and information about the goods used to perform services.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
18. A
A well-known brand name. Often, opening a franchise brings an existing customer base that is familiar with the brand name, which can increase the possibility of success in comparison to a new, unknown business. Paying royalties and restrictions on products, prices, and location would be considered disadvantages of opening a franchise. Reliance on raw materials is a disadvantage of the manufacturing business model.
SOURCE: EC:138
SOURCE: Entrepreneur.com. (2017). Franchising. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/franchising
19. C
To expand to new, untapped markets. By offering their products in other countries, businesses are able to reach new markets to which they have not previously been able to sell their products. Using international markets as a dumping ground for obsolete, outdated products would be a short-term strategy that would eventually create a negative company image. Governments may subsidize developing countries; businesses do not. Although people in other countries may gain employment, that is not a reason for a company to offer its products in other countries.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: LAP-EC-104 Stretch Your Boundaries (The Global Business Environment)
20. A
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Competition is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system because it encourages people to go into business for themselves and develop the products that consumers want. Production, mechanization, and distribution take place in the private enterprise system as well as in other types of economic systems. These activities often are the result of competition because businesses are constantly trying to improve the way they produce and distribute products in order to attract customers.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008 Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
21. B
Requirements for product testing. The government has passed many laws intended to protect consumers. In addition to requiring product testing, these laws prohibit false advertising and deceptive labeling, make food inspection mandatory, and set standards of safety in building construction. None of these laws are intended to monitor business growth or to generate competition. Making government effective does not necessarily protect consumers.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
22. C
Increasing prices. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices that may occur when demand exceeds supply or when productivity declines and costs of labor go up. When prices increase, businesses spend more to buy the goods and services they need. As a result, they increase prices to consumers to cover the increased cost of doing business. If prices continue to rise, productivity often declines because of increasing labor costs. Free trade is the absence of trade barriers.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
23. A
Exports of $3.5 million and imports of $3.1 million. The balance of trade is the difference between the value of a nation's exports and its imports. A nation has a favorable balance of trade, or a trade surplus, when its exports are greater than its imports. Cash flow is the movement of money into and out of a business and is not used to determine the balance of trade. If exports are $4.7 million and imports are $4.8 million, the nation has a trade deficit, which means that its imports are greater than its exports. Foreign aid is the money that developed countries give to less-developed countries to help with their economic development and is not used to determine the balance of trade.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: LAP-EC-004 Beyond US (International Trade)
24. A
Cooperation. Having interest and enthusiasm can help you persuade others to help you, to work with you, or to cooperate with you in many different kinds of circumstances. Interest and enthusiasm are contagious and may help to reduce conflict and disagreements. Interest and enthusiasm do not affect security, which is freedom from danger, risk, or injury.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 127, 166, 168, 180). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
25. B
Causing hard feelings among employees. Despite the importance of initiative on the job, it is sometimes possible to show too much initiative. Employees who are overeager run the risk of causing hard feelings among other employees. Improving job performance, higher ratings on job evaluations, and increased respect from others are all possible when you show initiative; however, they are less likely if you show too much initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-002 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
26. B
Communicating often and openly. Communication is one of the keys of trust building. Truly pay attention to the people you talk to instead of thinking about what you'll say next or checking something out on your phone. Answer questions as honestly and openly as you can (without giving away confidential information). People are more likely to trust you if they know you give them honest answers. Taking responsibility for your mistakes, not sharing confidential information, and keeping your promises are important techniques, but they are not illustrated by this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128 Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
27. A
Over-commitment can lead to a lower quality of work. It is important for workers to assess the time involved with a project before volunteering to work on it. When workers volunteer to take on too many activities (over-commitment), they often find that they don't have enough time to complete the projects thoroughly and correctly, which affects the quality of the work. Dillon may not have the authority to delegate work to other employees. Managers often notice, appreciate, and acknowledge the employees who accept additional responsibilities and produce quality work; however, these circumstances do not ensure that the employees will be promoted. When an employee takes on too many activities, starting one project before finishing another project may not improve the quality of the employee's work.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Carlson, M. (2014, November 26). Overcommitting and underutilizing resources is risky business. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.innovationmanagement.se/2014/11/26/overcommitting-and-underutilizingresources-is-risky-business/
28. A
Job performance. It is the job of the person who supervises your work to analyze your strengths and weaknesses. S/He is responsible for providing direction to help you in areas that need improvement. Such criticism, however, should be directed toward your role as an employee, not toward you as a person. Only when it is related to your job performance should an employer criticize your ability to accept feedback or to get along with others.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. D
Acknowledging differences as assets. Valuing diversity means openly acknowledging differences and believing that they are assets instead of problems. It does not mean ignoring or minimizing differences.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-011 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
30. B
No. Gina is gossiping about something that may or may not be true. Gossip is rumor or talk that discloses personal information about another person. Gossiping is unethical behavior because the information may be false. When false rumors are spread about a person, the person may be hurt personally and professionally. Employees should avoid gossiping rather than risk spreading false information; therefore, Norman should not say anything to anyone. Gina's personal conversations and the operations manager's employment status do not involve Norman and are not any of his business.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 170). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
31. B
Credibility. Credibility is believability. To be able to persuade others, individuals need to be credible so others believe what they say. Individuals who are credible have a reputation of providing accurate information in a fair manner. They are well-informed and use reliable sources to support their opinions and ideas. As a result, others believe them and often are persuaded to do what they want. Individuals do not necessarily need to be flexible, creative, or responsible to be able to persuade others.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
32. A
Keeps the discussion on track. The facilitator is the person who serves the group. S/He is in charge of keeping the discussion on track and keeping things organized. If the consensus-building method is formal, the facilitator is the one to revise, distribute, and collect the questionnaires. The facilitator isn't in charge of the group. In fact, in consensus-building, no one is in charge because everyone has equal power. The note taker is the person who takes the notes, and the timekeeper is in charge of making sure everyone has equal time to speak.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019 It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
33. B
Certain outcome. Motivation is anything that drives a person to pursue a certain outcome. Motivation cannot be defined as anything that drives a person to pursue a raise at work, an achievement award, or a promotion people may be motivated to pursue these things, but motivation is not defined exclusively by the pursuit of these factors.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059 Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
34. A
Transparency. Transparency means being truthful when you communicate. It involves speaking up about your feelings and communicating openly, even when it's difficult. Fairness, viability, and accountability are all important ethical principles, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules to Live By (Nature of Ethics)
35. C
A risk-taker who has a strong work ethic. Entrepreneurship requires risk-taking, a strong work ethic, and self-confidence. It often requires working much longer hours than 9 to 5. Entrepreneurs must work hard, but they are also in charge of protecting their own health. Getting sick means missing work and losing money.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Miranda, K. (2010, July 28). What do I need to become an entrepreneur? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/need-become-entrepreneur2291.html
36. B
Vacation pay. If individuals receive paid vacation, they are being reimbursed for work done. Child support income is unearned because it is court ordered. Interest and dividends are unearned because an individual is not required to work for them. Trust disbursements also qualify as unearned income because no work is done to receive them.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: TaxBraix.com. (2005-2016). What is the difference between earned, portfolio, and passive income? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.taxbraix.com/taxarticles/difference-between-earned-portfolio-passive-income.html
37. C
Credit unions. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members. These services include small loans, installment credit, and low interest rates. Commercial banks offer many financial services including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards. They offer small and large loans, and their interest rates vary. A sales finance company is a business that purchases borrowers' contracts from sellers. Their interest rates are higher than the rates offered by credit unions. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers. Most of their loans are for large-ticket items such as real estate.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
38. A
Cash; full. Paying the statement in full will assure that she does not have to pay extra interest on the balance and will help improve her credit history. Paying in cash is better for her credit history's health than paying with another card, because eventually she will have to pay the money owed on the other card. Paying for one card with another can lead to a downward spiral of credit card debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Evolve Money. (2014, August 13). 5 simple ways for college students to stay out of credit trouble. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from www.evolvemoney.com/2014/08/13/bad-creditcollege-students
39. B
Disability. Disability insurance is sometimes called loss-of-income insurance because it pays a percentage of a worker's normal wages to the worker when s/he cannot work because of an illness or injury. It is often purchased through or by an employer. Cash-value is a type of life insurance that pays out the stated value of the policy at the time of death. Liability insurance protects property owners if someone else is injured on or by their property. Bodily injury is a type of liability insurance that protects vehicle owners when they cause injury to others.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Pareto, C. (2017, March 27). Intro to insurance: Disability insurance. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/insurance/insurance5.asp
40. D
Ensure consistent reporting. The accounting function is responsible for collecting and reporting the business's financial information. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. By requiring businesses to follow the same standards and rules, financial reports are prepared in a consistent way, so the information is clear to all people who read and work with financial information. The primary reason that governments regulate business accounting practices is not to certify aging accounts, stabilize tax revenue, or to balance the business's budget.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: QuickMBA. (1999-2010). Financial accounting standards. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.quickmba.com/accounting/fin/standards/
41. B
Managers. The income statement is usually analyzed by people who are responsible for the financial status of the business. This includes managers who look at ratios to monitor operations and determine whether a company is running efficiently. They also use the income statement to monitor yearly profit activity. Customers usually do not review a business's income statements unless they are also stockholders in the business. Bookkeepers usually are responsible for compiling income statement information but not analyzing it. Cashiers accept payments from customers, but they are not responsible for analyzing a business's income statements.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
42. D
Over-optimism and overconfidence. People are often guilty of being overly sure of themselves, particularly in their ability to act ethically. In this case, Nico is overly confident in his own ability to resist unethical behavior, even though he recognizes that everyone around him faces temptations. Short-term gratification is the pursuit of instant satisfaction rather than delaying rewards for greater long-term benefit. Framing is the tendency to respond to situations based on how those situations are posed or viewed. Loss aversion is the tendency to avoid a loss at all costs, even when attempting to avoid that loss can lead to consequences.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355 Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
43. A
High. The cash from operating activities is compared to the company's net income. If the cash from operating activities is consistently greater than the net income, the company's net income or earnings are said to be of a high quality.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: AccountingCoach. (2004-2017). Cash flow statement (explanation). Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/cash-flow-statement/explanation
44. D
False; in companies without HR departments, other managers and supervisors participate in HR management activities. Human resources management is a function of business, as well as a department. In other words, bigger companies may have a great number of employees dedicated solely to managing human resources, but in small businesses without an official "HR department," this important function still remains. And, even in big companies, human resources management is not contained solely within the HR department supervisors and managers across the organization also take some part in managing human resources, although their level of involvement varies from business to business. Smaller companies need HR management as much as bigger ones, and HR managers aren't the only ones who can complete these activities. Not all employees will participate in HR activities, however.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
45. D
A willingness to share expertise. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. To leverage knowledge, employees must be willing to share information with their coworkers and managers. When employees are willing to share their ideas and expertise, it often makes it easier to resolve problems, develop new (tangible and intangible) products, and find connections among seemingly unrelated processes that will enhance efficiency.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 395-399]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. C
Transparent. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. Transparency is the quality of being just as one seems trustworthy. When employees have expertise or personal insight that can help the business achieve its goals, they should share their knowledge with their employers. Sharing knowledge means that the employees have a transparent attitude; they are willing to share their knowhow, and they are not deliberately concealing knowledge that will help the business achieve its goals. Although curious and cautious behaviors are desirable traits, they are not needed for effective knowledge management processes. Businesses do not, as a general rule, want employees to be argumentative.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2013, November 18). Critical success factors in business knowledge management. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/criticalsuccess-factors-business-knowledge-management-76598.html
47. C
Knowledge repositories. Effective knowledge management tools support the collection and sharing of tacit and explicit knowledge. Knowledge repositories provide the team members of various teams and departments the ability to share their expertise to increase efficiency and solve problems. A search engine is a software program that automatically searches the Internet looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. Knowledge-mapping software provides the ability to capture a business's information sources and information flow in a graphic format. Decision-support system applications retrieve and organize data to facilitate the business's decision-making processes.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Knowledge-Management-Online. (2005-2009). Knowledge management software. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.knowledge-management-online.com/KnowledgeManagement-software.html
48. B
Hierarchical information. A hierarchy arrangement sets information in a certain order, rank, or level. The laddering technique is a tool that helps an organization to capture information and categorize it into a meaningful and useful order. The business can obtain information by collecting tacit knowledge from internal and external sources. The laddering technique, which can be implemented manually or with a computer program, can help a business organize the steps necessary to complete a certain activity or process. By doing so, the business might discover ways in which it can change the ordering system to increase efficiency, such as eliminating an unnecessary task or a task that is being performed twice. Horizontal communication occurs among individuals at the same level, such as coworkers.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: NKM. (2015, December 21). Laddering. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://wikinkm.iaea.org/wiki/index.php/Laddering
49. B
Market share. Your market share, which is your company's portion of the total industry sales in your market, is 10 percent. Increased market share is a positive result for any company. Efficiency refers to how well a company is getting its job done compared to the amount of effort it's putting in. Ethics refer to a business's moral standards. Brand value refers to the worth of a brand.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: LAP-MK-003 Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
50. A
Filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a producer to identify a good or service. To prevent unauthorized use of the trademark (or a similar trademark), the trademark owner should register the trademark with the government. If another company (Lamar) uses a trademark that is similar to one that has been previously registered (Seward), the original owner (Seward) can file an infringement lawsuit against the company (Lamar) to stop the unauthorized use. And in some situations, the owner can obtain monetary damages from the unauthorized user. Directly asking Lamar to pay a fee is not a legal action. Obstruction of justice is a formal charge in which the judicial system accuses an individual with the crime of withholding critical evidence that can affect the outcome of a trial. An arrest warrant is an order issued by a judge that instructs law-enforcement officers to bring to jail an individual who has been charged with a crime.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Nolo. (2017). Is it trademark infringement? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/is-it-trademark-infringement
51. A
Information systems. An information system is a method of gathering, storing, and analyzing data for the purpose of making business decisions. Businesses acquire vast amounts of information that must be stored and analyzed to make it useful. An effective information system enables a business to quickly and accurately process information and use that information to make decisions. Businesses do not develop operating procedures, survey methods, or management policies to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Rouse, M., & Martinez, C. (2015, February). IS (information system or information services). Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/IS-informationsystem-or-information-services
52. B
Presentation. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Communication software programs establish connections between computers. Numeric and electronic are not types of software programs, although some programs analyze numerical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 215-216). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. B
Integrated. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. An example of integrated software is Microsoft Office it consists of several related programs, such as word processing (Word), spreadsheet (Excel), presentation (PowerPoint), and database (Access). Trajectory software is used to measure velocity, wind drift, momentum, etc.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2017). Integrated software. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.techopedia.com/definition/7748/integrated-software
54. D
Scheduling. Scheduling involves setting time limits for the completion of work. If a project activity requires more time, then the project manager documents the change in the scheduling application of the software program. Desktop publishing software is used to lay out text and images to create a digital file that is suitable for desktop or commercial printing. Reporting applications summarize various types of data. Businesses use budgeting software to estimate their income and expenses.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Bram, T., & McDonough, M. (2015, June 26). The top 5 project scheduling software programs. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/softwarereviews-tips/2492-the-top-five-project-scheduling-software-programs/
55. A
Prescriptive analytics. Prescriptive analysis is a form of predictive analysis. Predictive analysis attempts to predict possible future outcomes. Prescriptive analysis takes it further and suggests one or more future courses of action, based on the predictions of possible future outcomes. Descriptive analysis, on the other hand, summarizes what has already happened by making raw data easy to understand and useful. Instructive analytics is not a form of data analysis.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Bertolucci, J. (2013, December 31). Big data analytics: descriptive vs. predictive vs. prescriptive. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.informationweek.com/bigdata/big-data-analytics/big-data-analytics-descriptive-vs-predictive-vs-prescriptive/d/did/1113279
56. A
Documents containing company information. Business records are documents containing information about a business's operations and finances what it has done with its resources and opportunities. Business records may or may not involve information regarding sales employees, retail theft, or customer loyalty.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001 Record It (Business Records)
57. A
The business cycle. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. Many factors lead to trends, including economic factors. The business cycle refers to the periods of expansion and contraction in economic activities. Changes in the business cycle affect the way businesses operate. For example, during a period of expansion, business production levels tend to increase, the unemployment rate tends to decrease, and consumer confidence and spending tend to increase. During times of economic contraction, the opposite occurs business production tends to decrease, the unemployment rate tends to increase, and consumer confidence and spending tend to decrease. Demographic and psychographic changes may indicate trends that affect how a business relates to its target market. Demographic factors are the physical and social characteristics (e.g., age) of a population. Lifestyle changes are psychographic factors that affect business activities. The emergence and wide-spread use of social media is a technological trend.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Hamel, G. (2012, September 5). Economic factors affecting businesses. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/economic-factors-affectingbusinesses-4557.html
58. A
It may pay fewer taxes. If a business cuts costs, it may pay fewer taxes (if finding tax loopholes is part of the cost-savings plan). This is not always a good thing for the community in which the business operates! When a business cuts costs, it usually sacrifices product quality, spends less time and money in the community, and does not create new jobs.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190 Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
59. C
Increased training time and costs. If the FDA increased requirements for food allergen awareness for food workers, a restaurant would most likely need to increase training time and costs for employees. These regulations would not directly impact speed, margins, sales, or employee retention.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: MetricStream. (2017). Ensuring regulatory compliance through training and certification. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.metricstream.com/insights/ensuring_reg_compliance.htm
60. B
Establishing safety guidelines. Businesses should establish safety guidelines for employees to follow in order to create a safe working environment. Employees who are aware of general safety procedures are less likely to make mistakes that cause accidents. While many kinds of equipment are safe when used properly, not all equipment is or can be accident proof. Purchasing insurance will reimburse the business for losses resulting from accidents, but won't prevent them.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 143). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
61. C
Robbery. Cash drop boxes are built into the floor of the business and cannot be removed or opened by employees. Businesses using drop boxes often attempt to prevent robberies by posting a sign indicating that they use a drop box. Fraud, deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money; burglary, any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft; and pilferage, theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items, are all types of losses that businesses try to prevent.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Portland Police Bureau. (n.d.). A guide to robbery prevention and response to robbery. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.portlandoregon.gov/police/article/31555
62. B
Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Employees evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including due dates and the time that it will take to complete a task. Oftentimes, things come up that require immediate attention, which means an employee might need to reprioritize tasks. Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer should be the employee's top priority. Faxing a purchase order that a vendor needs the next day and preparing a simple report that is due in one week should be the next priorities. If the employee has completed those tasks, then s/he can read the online newsletter about industry trends.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Eruptingmind.com. (2016, March 29). Goal setting: The ultimate guide to achieving your goals. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.eruptingmind.com/goal-setting-theultimate-guide-to-achieving-your-goals/
63. C
The necessary tasks. To coordinate work among team members, you must know what tasks should be done, who should do them, and the order in which they should be performed. It is important to communicate with all people involved in the work effort so they know exactly the process and procedures they need to follow to complete the work correctly. Technical changes are not always part of the work effort. High customer satisfaction levels may result when the work is coordinated effectively. The business's requirements or needs are considered when coordinating the work rather than the employees' requirements or needs.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 267-268]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. A
Initiation. The project life cycle consists of four stages: initiation, planning, execution, and closure. The initiation stage involves determining a project's feasibility, developing a statement of work (SoW), creating SMART objectives, and developing a project charter. The planning stage involves in-depth project planning to ensure that the project's scope is clearly defined. This entails developing a Work Breakdown Structure, identifying needed human and nonhuman resources, developing a project schedule, and preparing a project plan. The execution, or implementation, stage requires the project manager to monitor and control project activities by maintaining ongoing communication with all project participants, updating and modifying the project plan, monitoring risks, controlling project quality, gaining change approvals, and maintaining project records. The closure stage entails writing final project reports and preparing a lessons learned document.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-006 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
65. C
Materials. Completing a project successfully requires a mix of resources, including money, human resources, equipment, materials, etc. Although food, encouragement, and energy may be helpful, they are not as essential as having the right materials.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-007 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
66. C
Does the vendor have the resources to consistently meet our business's needs? A business that wants to build a long-term relationship with a vendor must consider many factors. Most importantly, the business must determine if the vendor has the resources to meet the business's needs. Some resources include the product availability, technical-system compatibility, customer service support, etc. The vendor's project management computer program is not usually a primary consideration during the vendorselection process. The business's own target market is a marketing consideration for the business rather than for vendor selection. The business's strengths and weaknesses are identified in its SWOT analysis and do not directly relate to the vendor-selection process.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Egeland, B. (2009). Choosing a vendor: Six steps to finding the best supplier. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.businessknowhow.com/manage/choosevendor.htm
67. A
Ongoing cooperation. When a business is continuously willing to work with other businesses (e.g., vendors) to achieve their mutual goals, it is exhibiting ongoing cooperation. Ongoing cooperation involves a willingness to negotiate fairly and to communicate (interact) openly and honestly on a continuous basis. These actions help build a trusting and favorable relationship. In most situations, a company does not need to fully disclose all of its business information to its vendors only relevant information.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Bolander, J. (2010, May 31). How to build strong vendor and supplier relationships. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.thedailymba.com/2010/05/31/how-to-buildstrong-vendor-and-supplier-relationships/
68. C
Standing. Standing orders involve sending products at set intervals. This type of purchase order is ideal for businesses that need the same amount of an item on a regular basis. In the example, SOA Manufacturing may need the bolts to produce its products. Because SOA knows that it generates a set amount of outputs in a certain amount of time, it advises its vendor (Colbert Company) to ship a certain amount of bolts at intervals every other week. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). A seasonal order is an order that is placed for seasonal merchandise, such as snow shovels or beach umbrellas. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity).
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. (2013, August 16). Standing purchase orders. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.seas.harvard.edu/financial-operations/purchasing/standing-purchase-orders
69. D
Wood. Manufacturers keep inventory of items that they need to produce their goods. Wood is an example of a raw material that a manufacturer might keep in inventory to produce items such as furniture, shelves, wall paneling, musical instruments, etc. Toothpaste, staplers, and chairs are examples of finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Borad, S.B. (2017, August 31). Types of inventory/stock. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://efinancemanagement.com/costing-terms/types-of-inventory-stock
70. A
Concession. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later in the negotiation process. Withdrawal is a conflict response mode in which one or both parties exhibit passive behavior and express a low level of cooperation. A plea is a request. A position is what someone believes about an idea or issue.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 476-478]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. B
Arriving at work on time. Employees should arrive on time because the business pays them to work a specific amount of time. Rotating stock helps to keep merchandise fresh and appealing to customers, but daily rotation would increase expenses because of the time it would take. Employees should also help to control expenses by handling products carefully to prevent damage and by being on the lookout for thefts by customers or other employees.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
72. D
SWOT. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that systematically investigates a business's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Conducting a SWOT analysis can help a company determine what it needs to do to act on opportunities, build on its existing strengths, reduce threats, and improve or correct weaknesses. This, in turn, will help the business remain competitive in the marketplace. PERT is the acronym for program evaluation and review technique, which is a method (flowchart) that businesses often use to coordinate product-development activities. Financial leverage refers to the tools that a business has to increase its wealth or assets. Resource allocation is the ways in which a business uses its employees' skills, funds, supplies, and equipment.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Vitez, O. and Schroeder, P. (2017, August 10). What are the different types of business analysis tools? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-thedifferent-types-of-business-analysis-tools.htm
73. C
Merges with another company. An alteration to a company's current business process is considered a business process change. If a company undergoes a significant change, such as merging with another company, it requires a change in business procedures. Planning a meeting for Friday and having a profitable quarter are not reasons to change a business process. If a company goes out of business, it would no longer have business processes.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Holmes, T., & Everett, W. (2017, August 12). What is business process change? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-business-process-change.htm
74. A
Stop production. If there is a disruption in the supply chain, a business may not get the materials it needs on time. In that case, it will be unable to manufacture products and may need to stop production. Supply chain disruptions do not help a business to make more money, create happy customers, or encourage employees.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2013, November 1). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies? Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supplychain-management-affect-manufacturing-companies-75841.html
75. B
Technology. Online shipment tracking is one example of technology affecting supply chain management. This is not an example of globalization, an economic downturn, or production changes affecting supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Ghorban, M. (2011, August 29). How technology can ease supply chain management and mitigate risk. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.supplychainbrain.com/content/general-scm/sc-analysis-consulting/single-articlepage/article/how-technology-can-ease-supply-chain-management-and-mitigate-risk/
76. C
Redesigned. Factors such as changing laws, new companies, companies going out of business, and material availability can cause companies to redesign their supply chain networks often. Supply chain networks should not be eliminated because they are not unimportant. A properly designed supply chain network should help a company become more profitable.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Balaji, L.N. (2013, July 8). How to reduce costs through supply chain network optimization. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.industryweek.com/planning-ampforecasting/how-reduce-costs-through-supply-chain-network-optimization
77. A
Increased delivery times. Most companies want to reduce supply chain costs. Some of them may decide to use overseas suppliers, who often have lower prices and lower taxes. However, using an overseas supplier can often result in increased delivery time and a more complex supply chain.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Berrios, D. (2014, March 6). Challenges in supply chain management. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://bus.wisc.edu/mba/supply-chainmanagement/blog/2014/03/06/challenges-in-supply-chain-management
78. D
Follow company policies about giving out personal information. If employees want to help their companies protect digital assets, they should follow company policies about giving out personal information. They do not need to send out emails about security policy changes; this would be done by management or the IT department. Employees should not share their passwords with everyone in the company or download documents from unevaluated websites.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: DeMers, J. (2015, April 3). How to protect your company's data by keeping your employees informed. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jaysondemers/how-to-protect-your-compa_b_6993576.html
79. C
Perform job expectations. The ability to perform job expectations and duties may be directly affected by the lack of exercise, sleep, and adequate relaxation. Employees might not be able to sustain the energy levels required for many job duties if they are tired, out-of-shape physically, or tense. Lack of exercise, sleep, or adequate relaxation do not necessarily affect an individual's ability to socialize with coworkers, enter training programs, or learn of new opportunities.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: LAP-PD-005 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
80. C
A plan helps you to achieve your goals. With a personal plan of action, you will have a written, step-bystep method of achieving your goal, not just a vague idea of something you desire. However, not even a written plan can guarantee success in reaching goals. It is possible to achieve some goals without having a written plan, depending on the nature of those goals. It is not necessary to share the plan with others.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
81. C
Creative destruction. Creative destruction is a term coined by Joseph Schumpeter to describe how new goods and services can hurt existing products. For example, a new 12-screen movie theater is likely to draw customers away from an older single-screen drive-in movie theater nearby causing the drive-in to go out of business. A competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors. Creative advantage and competitive destruction are not terms typically used.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126 Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
82. C
Problem solving. Creativity is an important skill to use in problem solving. We need to solve problems in our daily lives, at school, and at work. Sometimes, it requires a great deal of creativity to figure out the problems we face. Creativity isn't necessary for ethics, calculus, and accounting these disciplines require black-and-white rules to be successful. Getting too creative with them can lead to a lot of trouble!
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012 Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
83. A
Samuel manages his company's call center. Managing a call center is an operations management job duty. Kylie has a general management career, while Wyatt and Valerie have human resources management careers.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019 Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
84. A
Freelancing. Freelancing is a great way to gain work experience and allows people to bid on jobs for lower wages. Volunteering is another way to gain work experience but normally doesn't involve pay. An internship may not pay the best, but it puts people in an organization so they can be immersed in the professional role. An apprenticeship allows people to earn higher wages while learning a job in a particular field.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Duermyer, R. (2017, July 2). Advantages and perks of being a freelancer. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-freelancing-1794415
85. D
Constraints. The statement of work (SoW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. The SoW should outline any limits or restrictions (e.g., time, money, human resources) that might affect the execution of the project, which should be placed in the constraints component of the SoW. The purpose or reason for the project is outlined in the beginning of the SoW. The benefits are the project's advantages. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project. The example does not describe the purpose, benefits, or deliverables of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Project-management.com. (2016, December 16). How to write the project statement of work (SOW). Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://project-management.com/how-to-writethe-project-statement-of-work-sow/
86. A
Work breakdown structure dictionary. Preparing the work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. The WBS helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. The work breakdown structure dictionary is a comprehensive "manual" that outlines project standards, activity procedures, processes, and terminology. Team members can refer to the WBS dictionary if they need to obtain information about how to carry out a task or activity. Project objectives are provided to stakeholders in the statement of work (SoW) document, which may also include information about the costs associated with the project. A network diagram is a graphic representation (e.g., map, chart) of the project's schedule. A production schedule provides general deadlines for various activities and tasks.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (2017). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://project-management-knowledge.com/definitions/w/workbreakdown-structure-dictionary/
87. A
Producing. During the execution phase of a project, team members perform or produce the work to create the desired outputs. Forecasting is the process of estimating something and is a planning activity. Financing is the process of obtaining the funds to produce the project. Arbitrating is the process of facilitating a negotiation process.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Watt, A. (2014). The project life cycle (phases). Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://opentextbc.ca/projectmanagement/chapter/chapter-3-the-project-life-cycle-phasesproject-management/
88. B
Providing feedback. One activity that project managers perform is providing team members with feedback. Feedback is necessary to solve problems, correct mistakes, make improvements, and encourage team members. Jane is not resolving a conflict, encouraging teamwork, or assessing skills.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (n.d.). Manage project team. Retrieved September 28, 2017, from http://www.project-management-knowledge.com/definitions/m/manage-projectteam/
89. C
Lowering costs. Quality management involves the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. First implemented by Motorola, Six Sigma is a qualitymanagement framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals in order to continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. An important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is continuously lowering costs while improving quality. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. The focus of the Six Sigma framework involves the efficient allocation of its own internal and external resources rather than the assessment of competitors. Continuous improvement may or may not require intermediary changes and increases in visibility.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 576-577]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. A
Breakthrough. Continuous improvement is the ongoing practice of looking for ways to increase the levels of excellence of a process, good, or service. Breakthrough improvements often occur suddenly and result in immediate, drastic changes. The emergence of desktop computers changed the way businesses operate. Within a relatively short time, much of today's workforce now depends on desktop applications to perform their work. Incremental improvement involves carrying out small changes over time. Compliant and supplemental are not types of continuous improvement.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Crom, S. (n.d.). Getting it right first time: Six Sigma for continuous and breakthrough improvement. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.valeocon.com/portal/en/docs/articles/Getting_It_Right_The_First_Time.pdf
91. D
Providing incomplete data for audits. Ethical risk management must be implemented by everyone in an organization to protect the company's credibility with its stakeholders. By providing incomplete data for audits, employees are acting unethically and risking the company's future existence. Revealing discounted expenses is an ethical action. Using or not using insurance companies represents external risks for a business.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: AICPA. (2016, June 30). Professional ethics: Most frequent violations of professional standards. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/professionalethics/resources/ethicsenforcement/download abledocuments/govermentnotforprofitreport.pdf
92. B
Automated notification. By automatically notifying managers or other designated employees when an attempted breach occurs, the company can take swift action to increase its technological security. Forensic accounting involves the use of accounting skills and applications to investigate alleged illegal activity in relation to financial information. An organic scoreboard and genetic algorithm are not applications used to alert a company about an attempted computer breach.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: LogicManager. (2017). Risk management information system. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.logicmanager.com/grc-software/rmis-systems/
93. C
Environmental. Environmental risks include natural disasters. When relying on a factory in another country, the automobile manufacturer in Country A assumes the risk that if a natural disaster occurs in Country B, it will possibly be unable to continue production. This is not an example of employee, political, or health and safety risks.
SOURCE: RM:092
SOURCE: NIBusinessInfo.co.uk. (2017, March 14). Risk management: The types of risk your business faces. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.nibusinessinfo.co.uk/content/typesrisk-your-business-faces
94. A
Their decisions affect the entire company. Top-level management is composed of all managers who are responsible for the entire company. They receive higher salaries than other managers because they make important decisions that affect the whole company. They may or may not have more experience than others in the company. Attending meetings would not influence salaries. Top-level management is not involved in hands-on supervision.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. A
Tactical. Tactical planning is short-range planning one year or less and involves determining the specific actions the business needs to take to carry out its strategic plan, which is more general in nature. A contingency plan is an alternative course of action that a business implements when it is not feasible to carry out the original plan. Long-term planning involves setting goals that will take the business more than a year to achieve.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Brydson, D. (2017). Strategic and tactical planning: Understanding the difference. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://smallbizlink.monster.com/training/articles/855-strategic-andtactical-planning-understanding-the-difference
96. B
Structure. The organizing function of management focuses on setting up the way the business's work will be done. Organizing provides the business with structure a systematic, orderly way for carrying out activities to accomplish the business's goals. Insight can help managers develop the best structure for the business. Leverage refers to the amount of power one person holds during a negotiation. Motivation is directing activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 246-247]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
97. D
Training. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. A primary staffing function involves training the employees to perform the work correctly. Recruiting is the staffing function of finding workers to perform the work. Interviewing involves meeting with job applicants to assess their skills and to determine if they are a good fit for open positions. Appraising is an activity that involves evaluating an employee's work performance.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2017). Functions of management. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
98. A
Motivating an employee. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Directing often involves motivating employees, which is getting employees to strive to achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them. Managers motivate employees in a variety of ways, such as providing positive feedback, pay raises, and incentives (e.g., time off). Establishing a schedule and delegating responsibility are organizing activities. Training is a staffing activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2017). Importance of directing function. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
99. B
Suitable, understandable, and timely. Control is a management function that monitors the work effort. For managers to control business activities in an effective manner, control methods must be applicable for the situation (e.g., a graphic artist performs different activities than the plant manager), understandable so employees perform activities correctly, and timely (e.g., products are not shipped before they are packed appropriately). Generally, effective control systems are also economical (cost effective) and relevant. The rigidity, flexibility, transferability, responsiveness, and tangibility of the control system are often dependent on the situation.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Effective organizational control systems. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/control-the-linkingfunction/effective-organizational-control-systems
100. A
Organizations always need to change. Change management occurs in a cycle because change is a constant need for organizations. It is not unnecessary or harmful. Change management may be difficult to implement sometimes, but this does not explain why it occurs in a cycle.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: Gilbert, J. (2009, April 14). The change management life cycle; Involve your people to ensure success. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://www.batimes.com/articles/the-changemanagement-life-cycle-involve-your-people-to-ensure-success.html
Test 1174
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. A
Child labor laws. Child labor laws are important to students because if they were to get a job as a minor, they should know the laws that affect their employment. Students are not as likely to be affected by copyright laws, personal injury, and corporate tax laws.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
An intentional tort. A tort is a private wrongdoing against a person or business. When a tort is intentional, one party plans to carry out an activity against another party. Because advertising is a planned promotional activity, the use of overly aggressively advertising tactics is an intentional action. BTA used advertising to discredit MZT, which hurt MZT's sales. In response, MZT may file a lawsuit against BTA on the grounds of defamation, if the advertising contained false statements. Negligence involves unintentional or accidental wrongdoings such as a distracted driver causing a minor car accident. Misappropriation or embezzlement is the theft of valuables that have been entrusted to someone's care. In business, this usually involves money. Criminal law addresses issues that involve wrongdoing against society, such as robbery and murder.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Lumen - Work within the law. (n.d.). Examples of intentional torts in business. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://courses.lumenlearning.com/workwithinthelaw/chapter/intentional-torts/
3. C
Settlements are more private. In settlements, most details aren't public, meaning that they are much more private than trials. Settlements cannot be appealed, and they do not involve a “guilty” or “not guilty” verdict. Settlements are more predictable than a jury decision.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: Shvartsman, S. (2015, April 9). To settle or not to settle? That is the question. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.lawyers.com/legal-info/research/to-settle-or-not-tosettle-that-is-the-question.html
4. A
The plaintiff files a complaint. The litigation process begins when the plaintiff files a complaint with the court. Then, the defendant must answer within a certain time period. The defendant does not file the complaint.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: Ebron, S. (2017, April 24). An overview of the litigation process. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://courtroom5.com/overview-of-the-litigation-process/
5. C
Confidential. Arbitration is private and not open to the media, so parties may choose arbitration if they want to keep information confidential. Arbitration is consensual. Both parties must sign an agreement assenting to arbitration. Arbitration is neutral, not biased. Arbitration is final and binding, not temporary.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Ellis, J., & Harris, B. (2017, November 26). What is an arbitration? Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-arbitration.htm
6. A
Megan must enter a specific username and password to access her work computer. A procedure is the step-by-step process that an employee follows when performing a specific task. Because Megan must take certain actions to obtain computer access, she is following a procedure. Policies are the company's general rules or guidelines. Common company policies include providing employees with a certain amount of vacation time based on their length of employment, offering employees the option to purchase certain types of insurance, and setting guidelines for business attire at work.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Difference Between. (2015, August 14). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-andprocedure
7. C
Actively listen to the question. To provide a legitimate, effective response to an inquiry, you should actively listen to the question. Rather than rehearsing your response in your head while the question is still being asked, you should listen carefully to the inquiry. By actively listening to what is being said, you are more likely to understand the question and answer it appropriately. If you still don't understand the inquiry after actively listening to it, ask for clarification. When you are certain that you understand the intent of the question, pause for a moment to consider your response. Don't respond immediately or say the first thing that pops into your mind. Instead, compose your response silently and then say it aloud. It is not necessary to make your answer as long as possible. Your answer should be concise, containing only the information necessary to completely and specifically respond to the inquiry. Avoid answering a question with a question because it gives listeners the impression that you are trying to evade responding to the inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: University of Leicester. (2013, March 12). Responding to questions effectively. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www2.le.ac.uk/offices/ssds/sd/ld/resources/presentation/questions
8. A
Thesis. It's important to begin every outline by writing a single, complete statement of the main idea, also known as the thesis. A good thesis relates the topic to audience members and helps them see its impact. A conclusion summarizes the material in a presentation and makes it memorable. Visual aids include maps, lists, tables, charts, diagrams, and graphs. Transitions are the words or sentences that connect or identify the presentation's parts.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
9. A
Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch. Geographical order puts information in order based on the geographic location, such as business region or branch. When a business wants to evaluate or compare the financial performance of each business location, the geographic organizational approach is appropriate to use. Ben is organizing information for school rather than business and is using a chronological format for his timeline. The chronological format involves placing information in sequence according to time. Corrine is organizing information by value because she is listing homes by selling price. Jacob is using the deductive approach to organize his research report. The deductive approach involves presenting the main ideas, recommendations, and most important information in the first part of the report.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: College of Marin. (n.d.). Chapter 10 lecture: Six methods for organizing data. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.marin.edu/buscom/index_files/Page1347.htm
10. A
Dear Alex Smith:. Since Rosa hasn't met the person she's writing the letter to, she doesn't know if Alex Smith is male or female. For this reason, it's important for her to use the full name. If Alex Smith is a woman, she might be offended if Rosa uses “Dear Mr. Smith.” “To Whom It May Concern” shouldn't ever be used. It's important to find out to whom to address the letter, even if it's just to a title, such as “Vice President.” In Rosa's case, she knows the name of the recipient, so she should use that. “Dear Alex” is too informal for a business letter. It may be appropriate for a friend, but Rosa has never met Alex Smith.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2017). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/653/01
11. D
You should sequence the main ideas of your executive summary in the same order that they appear in your full report. An executive summary is a summary of the most important points of a longer document such as a business report, business plan, or marketing plan. In fact, the executive summary is typically considered to be the most important part of a company's business or marketing plan because it gives an overview of the entire document and helps the reader to determine whether it is worthwhile to read any further in the document. The main ideas of the executive summary should be presented in the same order that they appear in the full report. As a rule of thumb, an executive summary should be no more than one-tenth of the length of the entire report. It is commonly recommended that you write your executive summary after writing the body of your report. You should avoid using excessive jargon, technical language, abbreviations, and slang in your executive summary.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bird, B. (2017, September 26). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/how-16566-write-executive-summary.html
12. D
Justification. Analytical reports are documents that summarize information about issues, opportunities, or problems. Justification reports provide facts and data that support a previous decision or action such as profits or market share realized from a business expansion overseas. A feasibility report summarizes the positive and negative consequences of taking a certain course of action that has not yet occurred. Troubleshooting reports address specific problems, such as an issue with a process. Cause and effect reports provide information about a variety of scenarios under different circumstances—if actions A and B happen, then the probable result will be C. This type of report helps the business consider pros and cons of each scenario to determine which action it should take.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: KU Writing Center. (n.d.). Writing informal and analytical reports. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://writing.ku.edu/sites/writing.drupal.ku.edu/files/docs/Writing_Informational_Analytical_R eports.pdf
13. C
Summarize gathered information. A research report summarizes information gathered from an investigation. Information is often obtained from several sources inside and outside the business. Businesses often request and use research reports to identify problems and opportunities. Information provided in research reports is often used to make important decisions about the business, which may involve setting new objectives for the business.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (1st ed.) [pp. 410, 418-426]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
14. C
Poor delivery service. Customers often complain when their orders do not arrive when they want or need them. Many situations can cause late deliveries—backorders, slow order cycles, and transportation issues. In the scenario described, Mrs. Anderson did not indicate that she received incorrect or damaged merchandise, or that she was billed for undisclosed service charges.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
15. C
Consistent experiences. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. All messages and touch points should reinforce the brand promise in a consistent way. Brand characteristics vary among businesses and products but may focus on product quality. Businesses use many touch points to communicate their brand promises—employees, website, advertising, publicrelations activities, etc. All of the touch points and messages form the customers' impressions of the business and influence their experiences with the business.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: FrogDog. (2011, February 18). How to develop a brand promise. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://frog-dog.com/how-to-develop-a-brand-promise/
16. A
Time. When products are available at the time they are needed, they have time utility. If Kara's dress doesn't show up until Monday—two days after the dance—it won't possess time utility for her. Form utility occurs when the form of a good or service is altered to provide more satisfaction for the customer. Possession utility is created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the person or business that will use the good or service. Place utility exists when goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
17. C
Economic. Economic trends, including unemployment, have an impact on business. The salon's sales are likely to decline in a time of high unemployment because fewer people have money to spend on luxury goods. Sociocultural factors include population changes, fashion trends, etc. If the business specialized in spa services that became unfashionable, it may see sales decline for sociocultural reasons. Technological factors deal with shifts in the type of technology available/used. Governmental factors are controlled by the government, such as changes in the tax rate or government regulations.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
18. A
The freedom to use private property to make a profit. Individuals and businesses in a private enterprise economy are free to decide how to use their private property and when and how to sell it. The periods of unemployment that occur in a private enterprise are a disadvantage, not an advantage. In a private enterprise system, there is an unequal distribution of property and income, and poverty is not eliminated.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
19. A
Offering rebates. Rebates are a type of price competition because they do, in fact, lower the price of a product. Nonprice competition involves businesses competing on factors other than price, such as customer services, pleasant facilities, and trained personnel. Clearance sales are promotion events in which a business discounts product prices in order to move goods and decrease inventory. Giving back part of the purchase price to customers is not price fixing.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
20. B
Investment activity decreases. When interest rates increase, consumer and business spending tend to decrease because the cost of buying on credit becomes more expensive. As a result, individuals and businesses save rather than spend; the demand for credit tends to decrease; business profitability declines due to reduced consumer spending; and businesses are less likely to invest their money and expand business activities. When policies are implemented to control inflation, interest rates increase, the money supply tightens, and lenders approve fewer loans. Therefore, the value of the dollar increases.
SOURCE: EC:084
SOURCE: Seabury, C. (2016, March 17). How interest rates affect the U.S. markets. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/09/how-interestrates-affect-markets.asp
21. A
Individualist society. A society in which group ties are very loose is known as an individualist society, according to Hofstede's dimensions of national cultures. A collectivist society is integrated into strong groups. An uncertainty-avoiding society is known for liking rules and structure. A “feminine” society values the qualities of caring, quality of life, etc.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
22. C
Comparing himself to others. Max is acknowledging that he has artistic talent (drawing), but he is comparing his abilities to someone else whom he feels is better at it. When you compare yourself with others, you are not assessing your strengths objectively. Getting input from others can help you put your strengths and weaknesses in perspective. It is also important not to make false generalizations, which involves basing your strengths and weaknesses on an isolated incident.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
23. A
Communicate with your supervisor. Responsible employees bring problems and concerns to the attention of supervisors so that appropriate action can be taken. They do not waste time discussing problems with friends or waiting for someone to fix the problem. It is inappropriate to discuss work-related problems with clients.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
24. C
A new coworker is asking others to do his work for him. If a coworker is taking advantage of others and trying to get out of doing his fair share of work, he is not treating others fairly. In this situation, you should stick up for those who are being treated unfairly by saying something to the new coworker or taking the issue to upper management if necessary. There is no indication that the teacher giving your friend detention was acting in an unfair manner. There is also no indication that your sister who was grounded for failing a math test is being treated unfairly. If a classmate is given simpler assignments than everyone else, there may be a reason that the student needs simpler assignments, and you should not necessarily intervene.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
25. B
Honesty. Honesty, or being truthful, is one of the most obvious qualities that all trustworthy people have in common. But this doesn't mean that all trustworthy people say everything they're thinking. A big part of earning trust is knowing when you should share important information and how to share difficult information with tact and kindness. Elliot is being truthful, but he still needs to be kind. Loyalty, consistency, and dependability are important qualities that trustworthy people possess, but Elliot does not demonstrate them in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
26. B
Provide supporting facts. Providing supporting facts builds your credibility. And if others view you as a credible person, you are more likely to persuade them to take action. Overstating the benefits and providing illogical reasons are not likely to enhance your credibility and persuade others to take the desired action.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
27. D
Lack of direction. Clear directions and expectations at work are ideal, but they don't always happen. Employees can become stressed if they don't know what they're working on or how they should complete a task. They might worry about making a mistake if a boss simply assigns a project but isn't available to answer any questions about it. Low salary, lack of job security, and heavy workload are all common causes of stress, but they are not illustrated in Noah's example.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
28. D
Ownership. On a team, one person isn't telling others what to do. Everyone has an equal amount of input, and everyone should share a sense of ownership over the work, which leads to increased productivity and enjoyment. Everyone on a team does not necessarily have an equal sense of learning, communication, or innovation.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
29. D
Having a mental picture of the ideal future. A vision is a mental snapshot of your desired future. Having a vision does not mean setting clear objectives that you want to achieve, although you may set goals and objectives as part of creating your vision. Being clear-minded and focused at all times and encouraging others to achieve their dreams do not describe what it means to have a vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
30. C
Persistence. Accomplishing goals is never easy—that's why it's important for achievement-oriented people to be persistent. They don't give up when the going gets tough. Instead, they work even harder to achieve their goals. People with a high achievement orientation are not impatient, ruthless, or irresponsible.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-010—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
31. B
Medium of exchange. Money is accepted as payment for goods and services. This creates efficiency because otherwise, people would have to rely on bartering. A double coincidence of wants occurs in a bartering system when each party wants something that the other party is willing to barter. Although money is also a unit of measure and a store of value, those functions are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Beggs, J. (2017, September 20). Properties and functions of money. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-money-1147763
32. A
Variances. Businesses analyze their financial information to determine the differences between what they had forecast and what actually happened. By doing this, they can account for those differences and improve future forecasts. In this scenario, equipment costs were not a factor. The business could not determine from its financial information whether the supply of raw materials decreased or demand increased. Forecasts are estimates based on information known at the time the forecast was made and will not be exactly what actually happens. In this scenario, therefore, the variances would not be considered forecasting errors.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
33. C
Tristan adds notes to his financial statements to explain a new company policy. Transparency means maintaining honest and open communication. Transparency also coincides with the principle of full disclosure, which means that financial statements or documents should include all information that is necessary for the documents to be understood. Tristan is practicing transparency and full disclosure by explaining his financial statements as much as possible. An accounting firm that cannot hire Catherine because her husband works for one of its clients is an example of objectivity/independence. A company that regularly sends its accountants to professional development conferences is practicing due care. Russell's timely, accurate completion of financial statements is an example of responsibility.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
34. D
Accounts payable. Accounts payable are money the business owes. These are debts (liabilities). Stocks and bonds, copyrights, and cash are all assets.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
35. B
It boosts the company's growth and reduces risks. Finance is the business function that involves all money and money-management matters. Its ultimate purpose is to boost the company's growth and to reduce its risks. It is not the same as accounting, although finance and accounting are closely interrelated and even overlap in some areas. Accounting focuses on record-keeping activities, while finance focuses on money-management decisions. Accounting provides information about the company's finances.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
36. C
Determine where the business is on target and where it is not. The budget lets the business know if it is achieving its goals. If the actual performance is lower than expected, the business can take steps to correct the problem. Such actions might include finding ways to lower expenses or using strategies to increase sales to achieve the desired profit levels. Depending on the situation, the business might be able to change its operating procedures to improve performance. Analyzing budget variances will not help the business understand the generally accepted accounting principles, which are guidelines for recording and reporting financial data.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
37. D
$4,280,100. Free cash flow is the capital that a company has left at the end of a year after paying all of its expenses and making any necessary new capital expenditures. Investors often calculate a company's free cash flow to determine whether the company has funds to pay dividends to investors. The formula used to calculate free cash flow is Free Cash Flow = Cash Flow From Operations - Capital Expenditures. To determine the company's free cash flow, simply subtract the capital expenditures noted from the given cash flow from operations ($5,260,300 - $980,200 = $4,280,100).
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2014, December 8). Free cash flow—FCF. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/freecashflow.asp
38. A
Conducting background checks. Conducting background checks during the interview process is one of the tasks HR managers undertake in the staffing function. Mediating conflicts is a task HR managers complete in the employee relations function of HR management. Developing benefits plans is a task HR managers complete in the compensation and benefits function of human resources management. Determining training needs is a task HR managers complete in the training and development function of HR management.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
39. D
Turnover. Julie's promotion is an example of turnover—employees leaving their job positions for various reasons. Because of the high amount of turnover in modern businesses, knowledge management is very important to keep things running smoothly in times of transition. Information overload refers to the chaos created when too much information is present or available. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of labor, capital, and ideas across national borders. Innovation refers to the creation of new products, processes, ideas, etc.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
40. A
Withholding information. When an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. In the example, the employee is unwilling to share information because he has a personal issue with another employee. Although Bob's motives may be considered unethical by some people, he was not exhibiting unlawful behavior, providing misleading facts, or embezzling company money or property.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Oracle. (2010, May). Cultivating and formalizing a culture of knowledge capitalization. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.oracle.com/us/products/applications/tutorupk/cultivating-and-formalizing-wp-080924.pdf
41. C
Knowledge mapping. Knowledge mapping software provides the ability to capture a business's information sources and information flow in a graphic format. Knowledge maps help businesses determine if there are underused sources of knowledge, as well as areas in which there is a breakdown or gap in knowledge sharing. An Intranet is a business's internal computer network. Knowledge management software can capture information stored on a company's Intranet, which is one of many sources of a company's knowledge. Production and accounting software are different types of software used in specific functions of business. Businesses do not use these software programs to capture and track an entire organization's tacit and explicit knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Rachman, H. (2012, April). Knowledge management strategy and program. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.slideshare.net/haitan/modul-3-knowledge-mapping
42. C
Employees' knowledge is limited to a specific part of the process. By limiting the amount of information employees have about an entire process, there is less risk that the company's trade secret will be revealed. For example, to protect Kentucky Fried Chicken's secret breading recipe (11 herbs and spices), the company mixes small increments of the breading in different locations. Then, the company collects and mixes the smaller increments to create the famous recipe. By fragmenting the mixing process, no single employee knows all of the ingredients. Fragmentation of processes does not replace the need to copyright written or artistic works, eliminate the need for noncompete agreements, or reduce the need to monitor all aspects of the production process.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Inc Staff. (2009, December 1). How to protect your trade secrets. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.inc.com/magazine/20091201/how-to-protect-your-trade-secrets.html
43. D
Conducting personal interviews. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. By conducting personal interviews with employees, management might be able to obtain knowledge from employees about their on-the-job experiences—experiences that can ultimately affect the success of the business. Listening to employees' experiences might reveal problems and issues that they encounter while doing their jobs. Holding customer focus groups, developing a competitive analysis, and obtaining statistical reports from the Internet will not capture employees' tacit knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Kingston, J.K.C. (2012, September). Tacit knowledge: Capture, sharing, and unwritten assumptions. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.tlainc.com/articl310.htm
44. A
Convenience. Trevor is most likely motivated to buy from this particular store because it is close and convenient to his business. If Trevor needs cleaning supplies right away, he just has to walk across the street to buy them. Although brand, price, and product dependability might influence his buying behavior, there is not enough information provided to determine if these factors are important to Trevor in this situation.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-006—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
45. B
Be unprepared for a disaster. Failing to manage information properly is most likely to cause a business to be unprepared for a disaster, whether it's a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, or a technological disaster, such as a system failure. Failing to manage information properly is detrimental to a business, but it doesn't necessarily mean that the business will fail or be shut down by the government. A business may or may not save money on technology costs by neglecting proper information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
46. C
A cell is where a column and row intersect. Spreadsheets, electronic documents that store data, contain cells, rows, and columns. A cell, which can contain data and be involved in calculations within the spreadsheet, is the box where a column and row intersect. "Row" and "column" are not interchangeable terms—in fact, they mean very different things! A row is horizontal, while a column is vertical. A row is not where a column and cell intersect.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: French, T. (2017, May 20). What is cell? Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-cell-in-excel-3123609
47. B
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's website. Stella can register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television cables. Ethernet is a local area network.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Tester, A. (2016, December 21). Publishing your website in three steps. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-your-website.php
48. C
Enhances collaboration efforts. Project-management software allows businesses to plan, track, and evaluate all aspects of a project. Project-management software is available to accommodate different types of projects, from simple, individual projects to multiple, complex projects. Complex projects often involve several hundred tasks being performed by dozens of people. Often, team members need to access the same information to perform their project tasks. Programs that are designed to allow multiple users to access project data enhance the team's ability to collaborate and share project information from a variety of locations. Allowing several team members to access project-management data does not reduce the need to secure the data, ensure data accuracy, or eliminate the need to analyze variances.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Hooks, J. (2013, February 20). Project management software advantages and disadvantages. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.business2community.com/strategy/project-management-software-advantagesand-disadvantages-0412921#uyAAu5QbvU7cXITa.97
49. D
Make sure all the data are saved in a backup location. It's important for Daniela to make sure all the company's data are saved in a backup location. If something goes wrong while she's moving the data into the new system, this will help her avoid losing all that information. She should tell employees about the change before it occurs. She should wait to delete the old system until she installs the new one. This way, she'll be less likely to lose information if something goes wrong. The change should be scheduled to occur at a convenient time, not during a project deadline, so that it will not disrupt the office's work.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Matteson, S. (2013, November 1). Best practices for change management in the data center. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/data-center/bestpractices-for-change-management-in-the-data-center
50. D
Asset. Asset records are documents about something of value that a business owns. Payroll records are documents that contain information about an employee's pay and deductions, as well as details about his/her identification, hours worked, regular wages, and overtime wages. Personnel records are documents that keep track of employee information regarding hiring, evaluations, promotions, reprimands, and terminations. Promotional records are documents containing information about the various types of communications that businesses use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products, images, or ideas.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
51. D
Potential threats. A main reason that environmental scanning is important is so that businesses can be aware of potential threats and opportunities. These are all too easy to miss if a business isn't aware of its surroundings. An environmental scan might include information on new products, services, or foreign markets, but these are not the main reasons for conducting it. Most information about a competitor's internal environment would not be available to a competing business.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
52. D
Trends indicate an ongoing demand for more fuel-efficient vehicles. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses often interpret and analyze statistics to identify trends, which indicate the general direction in which people or events are moving. If numerical data show that the sales for an environmentally friendly hybrid car has been steadily increasing for several months, then the trend indicates that there is an ongoing demand for the fuel-efficient vehicles. Hybrid (electric and gas fueled) cars are environmentally friendly and fuel efficient because they use less gasoline than traditional vehicles. After identifying the trend, the automaker might decide to reduce the production of luxury cars and increase the production of hybrid cars, or increase its research and development budget to create more efficient cars. There is not enough information provided to determine if most families prefer driving SUVs.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Markgraf, B. (2013, November 4). How to evaluate trends in business. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/evaluate-trends-business-75944.html
53. C
Zoning ordinances. Zoning ordinances are regulations that govern the ways in which land and buildings may be used in certain jurisdictions. In many towns and cities, land is designated for commercial (business) or residential use. Although zoning ordinances vary by community, they may regulate the size of the facility or require that some buildings be designed to accommodate a certain style (e.g., American colonial). A company that wants to build a facility in a certain location must consider the city's zoning ordinances to make sure that the regulations are compatible with the company's needs and goals. Health regulations are laws that are designed to protect the health and well-being of society. A partnership agreement is a written agreement (contract) signed by business partners that specifies the terms of the partnership arrangement. The tax code outlines the tax obligations and laws that individuals and businesses must follow.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2010, July 14). Zoning ordinance. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zoning-ordinance.asp
54. A
Practicing general safety procedures. By practicing general safety procedures, employees will form good habits that will help them prevent accidents. One general rule is to be safety conscious. This means being aware of risks and trying to eliminate them. Employees should never take shortcuts. Employees should use their leg muscles, not their back muscles, to lift objects. They should drive defensively.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
55. D
Share this information with your supervisor or the HR department. Discussing weapons at work and displaying obvious signs of anger or hostility are indicators of potentially dangerous behavior. While there is some chance that Edward will calm down soon, it would be wise to share your observations with your supervisor or the HR department, especially given his recent attitude and behavior. Your supervisor or the HR department can then decide how to handle the situation. Rather than contacting the local sheriff or police chief to discuss Edward's mood, you should start by sharing your knowledge with someone inside your company, such as your supervisor or a member of the HR department. Accusing Edward of plotting violence during a staff meeting is likely to antagonize Edward, making the situation worse.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Occupational Safety & Health Administration. (2017, March 13). Workplace violence. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/workplaceviolence/
56. B
Prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation; develop the production schedule. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Employees consider many factors when they prioritize their work, such as deadlines and the time it will take to complete each task. The first task that Randy should do is to place the order because this is the tightest deadline, and it will not take him very long to complete. The next deadline he has is to complete the PowerPoint presentation for today's meeting at 4:00 p.m. If he begins working on the PowerPoint at 1:00 p.m., he should be done with it by 3:00 p.m., which is an hour before the meeting. The last task on Randy's priority list is the production schedule because it is due the next day. Randy will need to make sure that he arrives at work early enough to finish the schedule in three hours. If Randy followed the sequence of the other options listed, he would not complete all of the work by their deadlines.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Lee, A. (2017, July 5). Personal organization skills. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://careertrend.com/list-6556881-personal-organization-skills.html
57. D
Jack pulls stock, Mary packs the box, and Tim places the order on the truck. When one task needs to be completed before another task can be started, then the work must be done in sequential order. Before Tim can place an order on the truck, Mary must pack the stock that Jack pulls from inventory. In this situation, each employee depends on another employee to perform a task before s/he can perform his/her assigned task.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2017). Gantt charts. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_03.htm
58. D
Being objective and supportive. When a manager delegates tasks to employees, s/he must monitor their work and ensure that tasks are being completed. When monitoring employees' work, it's important to encourage employees to be honest and open about the status of their work. One way to do so is to be objective and supportive so employees feel they are being treated fairly and that their honesty will be rewarded. Listening to employees' conversations is not ethical, and it might make them feel uncomfortable and defensive, which does not encourage honesty and openness. Communicating informally is not necessarily related to encouraging openness and honesty. Having employees report as often as possible will not necessarily encourage employees to be open and honest; in fact, it might encourage employees to over-estimate their work progress.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Free Management Books. (n.d.). Monitoring delegated tasks. Retrieved November 27, 2017, from http://www.free-management-ebooks.com/faqps/delegation-05.htm
59. C
Define an individual work process. When streamlining work processes, the first thing you need to do is define an individual work process. You can't streamline your work if you don't know what you're streamlining. Dividing the work process into steps, asking employees for input, and implementing the improvements are steps that come later in the process.
SOURCE: OP:355
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2017, September 11). How to streamline work process and improve workflow. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/streamline-workprocess-improve-work-flow-3929.html
60. A
Weighted-point. There are many methods for businesses to use to evaluate their vendors' performance. The weighted-point system involves assigning a numerical rating to evaluate various performance categories. Although categories vary by business, they often include delivery and lead times, order accuracy, order cycle, service levels, technology support, product quality, quality improvement, and costs. The rating scale may range from one to five—one representing "poor performance" and five representing "excellent performance." By assigning a numerical value to various areas of performance, the business can evaluate the vendor's strengths and weaknesses, and determine if improvements should be made. The cost-based system focuses on product and delivery costs. Applied-tabulation and cycle-oriented are not methods used to evaluate a vendor's performance.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 308-313]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
61. C
Solving problems together. Trust, honesty, and collaboration help a business build positive, long-term relationships with its vendors. When the business and a vendor collaborate, they work together to solve problems and implement strategies that will help both of them achieve their business goals. Limiting communication, negotiating too aggressively, and withholding information may hurt a business's relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 114-115, 122-123]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. B
The Powell Company did not order enough paper towels for the month, so it ordered an additional four cases. A reorder involves ordering items that the company has previously ordered. The Powell Company placed a reorder because it submitted a second order for the same product (paper towels) to its vendor. A backorder occurs when a vendor ships part of an order on time and the rest of the order later when the stock is available. Mr. and Mrs. Travis placed a special order, which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Henry's Hardware Store placed a regular order, which involves providing the vendor with the specifications of items that the business wants to order.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [pp. 417-418]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
63. A
A snack-food manufacturer orders potatoes, oil, and salt to make its potato chips. Raw-materials inventory are goods (inputs) that a business uses to make a finished good (output). Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be marketed to consumers. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies and replacement parts for equipment.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 587-588]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. B
Better lead time. When negotiating with vendors, businesses consider many issues including payment terms, shipping terms, discounts, and lead time. Lead time is the amount of time it takes to complete a process. In the example, the business wants the vendor to process and ship its orders within 24 hours, rather than 48 hours, which indicates that the business wants better lead time from the vendor. The negotiator is not asking for more technical support, additional discounts, or an extended warranty.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 465-466]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. C
Increased efficiency. Automation replaces human labor with machine production, thereby increasing efficiency and producing larger quantities of goods. A disadvantage of automation is that it increases the amount of capital that must be invested in equipment. Automating production increases computerization because most automated systems are controlled by computers. Increased consumer demand helped create the need for automation.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
66. B
Exceeding customer expectations. “Big Q” focuses on ingraining quality into every aspect of the organization to meet and exceed customer expectations. “Little Q” focuses on conforming to specifications. Neither approach to quality management specifically focuses on improving factory conditions or designing and developing products, although those may certainly be important goals of a quality-management system.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
67. A
Creating a quality assurance checklist. Proactive quality control involves stopping problems before they happen. One way to do this is by creating a quality assurance checklist. Quality assurance methods are typically proactive and often save money since defective products are never produced. Reactive quality control focuses on fixing problems after they've happened. This can include tasks such as filling out a corrective action report, inspecting finished products, and processing customer returns. Reactive quality control tends to cost more money and create more waste, since problems aren't discovered until after the products have already been produced.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: McKenzie, E. (2017, September 26). The differences in quality control and quality assurance. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7628030-differences-qualitycontrol-quality-assurance.html
68. D
Building relationships with vendors. Supply chain management is the process of getting products into the marketplace. One aspect of supply chain management is building relationships with vendors to ensure a smooth product flow from production to consumers. Creating advertising campaigns, forecasting sales, and hiring new employees are not aspects of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016, March 22). Supply chain management - SCM. Retrieved November 27, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/scm.asp
69. A
Detect trends. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Businesses analyze financial data to evaluate the financial well-being of their operations at any given time. By comparing the same type of financial information from different consecutive time periods, a business can detect trends. By detecting trends, the business can determine if it needs to make changes. For example, if the business notices a substantial increase in sales-dollar volume over a three-month period, trends indicate an increase in spending. The business may decide to conduct further analysis to determine what customers are purchasing, and decide if it needs to increase the production or inventory-levels of certain products. Businesses analyze markets for many reasons, but they cannot control market activity. To analyze its competitors, a business needs to obtain and review external data. Comparing internal financial data cannot influence buying behavior.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Business Queensland. (2017, July 17). Trend analysis for business improvement. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.business.qld.gov.au/running-business/growingbusiness/trend-analysis
70. C
Lets them know why they succeeded or failed. Processes are sets of steps used to reach an outcome. Process thinking means keeping processes in mind throughout a project or business venture. Process thinking helps organizations know why they succeeded or failed because they can look back at and assess the process that was used, which is usually the cause of success or failure. Process thinking does not enable organizations to find out who to blame for issues because it shifts the focus from people to processes. Process thinking encourages documentation rather than helping organizations avoid it. Finally, process thinking encourages collaboration between departments rather than keeping work separate.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2017). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved November 27, 2017, from https://www.projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-processthinking.html
71. D
Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers. Supply chain management allows customers to more quickly get the products into their hands, which improves their satisfaction. Integrating information throughout an organization, improving cash flow, and enhancing data quality do not directly increase customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Dempsey, D. (2017, March 13). The benefits of supply chain management. Retrieved November 27, 2017, from https://www.liaison.com/blog/2017/02/10/benefits-supply-chainmanagement/
72. C
Can be read much faster. RFID technology can be read much faster than barcodes. RFID technology is more expensive than barcodes, has reader collision concerns, and still has a chance of privacy problems.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Atlas RFID Solutions. (2017). RFID vs. barcode. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.atlasrfid.com/jovix-education/auto-id-basics/rfid-vs-barcode
73. B
Transportation. Supply chain network design aligns purchasing, production, warehousing, inventory, and transportation. Supply chain network design does not incorporate marketing, promotion, or the sales force.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Balaji, L.N. (2013, July 8). How to reduce costs through supply chain network optimization. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.industryweek.com/planning-ampforecasting/how-reduce-costs-through-supply-chain-network-optimization
74. A
Risk. Global supply chains have longer supply lines, which increases risk for suppliers. Longer global supply lines often reduce the speed of delivery and may or may not increase product quality for suppliers. Longer global supply lines typically have less visibility than local supply chains.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Dittmann, P. (2015, August 21). Managing risk in the global supply chain. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.scmr.com/article/managing_risk_in_the_global_supply_chain1
75. B
How the information is accessed. An effective digital inventory records what information is on what media, where the information is located, and how it is accessed. The order of importance, costs associated with the information, and how the information will be used are not as important while inventorying digital assets.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: Parrish, S. (2014, February 10). Beyond identity theft: Why you need to protect your digital assets. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/steveparrish/2014/02/10/beyond-identity-theftwhy-you-need-toprotect-your-digital-assets/#2715e4857a0b14a790d82b61
76. B
Limit installation of outside software programs. Companies should set clear standards for what employees can install and keep on their computers at work. Outside software programs can bring security risks to a company's network and data. Using the same password for all accounts is not a good strategy because it makes accounts more vulnerable to hacking. Backing up your work is a good strategy for protecting customer data. Finally, giving all employees access to customer information is risky. Instead, information should be restricted to only those who need it.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2017). CyberSecure my business - Protect. Retrieved November 27, 2017, from https://staysafeonline.org/cybersecure-business/protect
77. D
Be respectful to all coworkers. Employers expect their employees to treat everyone—supervisors, coworkers, and customers—with respect. Ina should show up on time, not up to 20 minutes late. If she has questions about her work, she should ask. Employers expect their employees to have soft skills.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Lockhart, K. (2013, June). Employer expectations: Just what do they want? Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.letsgettoworkwi.org/wpcontent/uploads/2013/05/Employer-Expectations-by-Kristi-Lockhart.pdf
78. D
Aptitude. When exploring career options, individuals should consider their aptitudes. An aptitude is a natural talent or a skill that a person masters quickly or easily such as drawing, painting, science, math, etc. A hobby is an enjoyable activity that a person does in his/her leisure time. The attitudes and ways in which a person approaches a situation are his/her mindset. A vision is the future you desire to create. People apply their aptitudes to work toward their visions.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2016, September 2016). What is aptitude? Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-aptitude-526175
79. B
Operations management. Quality control typically falls under the umbrella of operations management. It is not considered part of business analytics, human resources management, or office management.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
80. C
Explain how you meet the business's needs. After interviewing for a job, you should send a follow-up letter to the interviewer to thank him/her for the interview and to remind him/her of your interest in the job. In the letter, you should also explain how you meet the business's needs and address any pertinent questions that you feel that you did not sufficiently answer during the interview. Salary requirements and references' contact information are not typically included in a thank-you letter. Rather than using the generic salutation “Dear Sir or Madam,” you should personalize the letter by using the interviewer's name in the salutation.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Schneider, L. (2016, September 14). Thank you letters: Guide lines for writing thank you letters. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/thank-you-letters2071832
81. C
Profit. Trade associations seek ways to increase the profitability of all members' businesses. For example, a local merchants' association might sponsor a Christmas parade to stimulate business for all merchants in the area. Professional organizations are usually concerned with expanding the knowledge of the profession (education or academic endeavors) and maintaining high professional standards to ensure excellent performance. They may sponsor research projects to support these goals.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2013, January 9). 5 ways that joining a trade association can help you boost business. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/marketing/5ways-that-joining-a-trade-association-can-help-you-boost-business/
82. B
Adequate training. Employees carry out the work so the business can achieve its organizational goals. To achieve the business's organizational goals, the business's employees must know how to perform their jobs. Because each business functions differently, it is important for a business to provide its employees with training. When employees are well-trained, and they understand what is expected of them, they have the knowledge to perform their work efficiently. Not all jobs require employees to possess comprehensive analytical skills or to obtain detailed reports. Because businesses have finite resources (i.e., staff, parts, equipment, money), they provide necessary, rather than unlimited, resources for employees to perform their work.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Assessing your training needs: Needs assessment to training goals. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://managementhelp.org/trng_dev/analyze/analyze.htm
83. C
Work breakdown structure dictionary. The work breakdown structure (WBS) dictionary is a comprehensive manual that outlines the project's standards, activity procedures, processes, and terminology. Team members can refer to the WBS dictionary if they need to obtain information about project work activities. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. The project-production schedule provides details about when activities and outputs must be completed. A critical path analysis involves reviewing the sequence of work activities and the ways in which they are interrelated to determine the minimal amount of time it will take to complete the activities and/or project.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (2010, October 29). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://project-managementknowledge.com/definitions/w/work-breakdown-structure-dictionary/
84. A
Control the project. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Various reports can help project managers monitor the work effort. An activity status report provides a project manager with information about where the project stands at a given point. If the activity status report indicates that the project is running behind, then the project manager can take steps to get the project back on track. Reviewing an activity status report does not create barriers but may identify them. The project manager determines the project scope and develops project specifications during the project planning phase, rather than the project execution phase.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Villanova University. (2017). Monitoring and controlling process groups. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.villanovau.com/resources/project-management/pmbokmonitoring-controlling-process-group/#.WPENJdLyuUk
85. C
Providing evaluative information. The team manager is providing the team member with positive, evaluative information about her work performance. The team manager is not making a suggestion for improvement, requesting a project update, or supporting a team member's decision.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Allan, L. (2003-2017). Project team management. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.businessperform.com/project-management/project_team_management.html
86. D
Hire ten additional construction workers. Adding more resources to a project to shorten its duration is called “crashing.” Stopping the project would not shorten its duration; rather, it would cause the project to be incomplete. Rescheduling tasks that were originally scheduled to run one after the other so that they run at the same time (in this example, installing the lights and painting at the same time) is called “fast tracking” a project. Extending the completion date is a major change to the project that requires many people to approve it. It is not an example of crashing, which is a means of adding resources to get the project done on time.
SOURCE: PJ:010
SOURCE: Monnappa, A. (2017, September 19). Project management learning series: Fast tracking versus crashing. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.simplilearn.com/fasttracking-vs-crashing-article
87. C
How can we improve? During the closing phase of the project, the project team develops the "lessonslearned" document, which summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future, such as process changes or additional staff support. To include the suggestions for improvement, the project team needs to answer the question, “How can we improve?” Questions regarding needed equipment, stakeholders, and risks are addressed during the initiation phase of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Semczuk, N. (2017, September 21). Why and how to document lessons learned (with bonus lessons learned template). Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.thedigitalprojectmanager.com/project-management-lessons-learned-template/
88. A
Quality improvement. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Taking action to create better tasting water is improving the quality of the end product—water. Quality control is ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. After making the improvements, the company will need to ensure that its products meet the new standards of excellence by implementing different quality-control activities. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. Market development is the activities that a business implements to increase its target market.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep it Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
89. C
Preventing problems. Six Sigma is a quality improvement framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals that continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The steps the business takes to improve quality help to prevent problems in the future. Hiring qualified employees is a humanresources activity. Expanding product lines is a product/service management consideration. Critics of Six Sigma claim that the framework tends to stifle innovation because the focus is on continuously improving existing processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [p. 286]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. B
Higher demand. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase the business's productivity levels. Increased productivity levels result in increased outputs, lower costs, and increased revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. A premium is an item that a business offers to the purchasers of a particular product. Offering premiums to customers and increasing product options do not impact the continuous quality-improvement efforts of a business's products.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuousquality-improvement-cqi.html
91. C
Businesses that provide ethics-training programs can reduce the business's level of risk. By providing an ethics-training program, the business can advise its employees about its expectations in relation to workplace behavior. Because an employee's personal ethics may differ from the organization's ethics, it is important for the employees to have a clear understanding of the business's expectations. When employees don't have a clear understanding of the business's expectations, they put the business at risk. Businesses cannot assume that employees know their expectations. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. If employees cross ethical lines and break the law, the business may experience fines and obtain unfavorable publicity. Management sets the tone for ethical behavior, so it is important that managers set a good example for employees by exhibiting a high standard of ethics. By behaving ethically, the business can protect its reputation with customers, vendors, and the community.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Campbell, V. (2013, March 19). Ethics as a risk management strategy. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.afpnet.org/Ethics/EthicsArticleDetail.cfm?itemnumber=16340
92. B
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit card numbers). Another way that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information, which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll, rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Harwood, M. (2009, July 28). TJX settles data breach for $9.7 million. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://sm.asisonline.org/Pages/TJX-Settles-Data-Breach-for-$9.7Million.aspx
93. A
Preventative. Businesses must comply with a variety of government regulations. Because regulations often change, it is important for businesses to keep up with changes so they can implement appropriate action, if needed, to stay in compliance. Monitoring regulations is a preventative action because it is taking steps to prevent the negative consequences associated with noncompliance. If a business does not comply with regulations, it can be fined, or in some situations, closed down. In addition, noncompliance may result in a poor public image that lowers the business's credibility with its customers. Corrective, reactive, and remedial actions are taken after issues or problems are identified.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: CFO Career Planning Tools. (2013, October 16). Manage risks with preventive, detective, and corrective controls. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.cfocareer.com/manage-risks-preventive-detective-corrective-controls/
94. A
Determining objectives. The planning function of management involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the organization's objectives or desired outcomes. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and often involves modifying or changing employee behavior to achieve desired results. One aspect of the control function of management is to measure actual performance against established standards. If performance exceeds the standards, the manager can identify gains. If performance falls below the standards, the manager may need to implement new procedures for improvement.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2017, August 2). The basic steps in the management planning process. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/basic-stepsmanagement-planning-process-17646.html
95. B
Defining employees' roles. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Organizing involves assigning responsibility and tasks to human resources, which defines each employee's role in the business. The planning function of management involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. The planning function involves developing a blueprint for the organization's activities. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort, which includes evaluating productivity or performance against established standards. The production process involves creating or making outputs.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Importance of organizing function. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/organizing_importance.htm
96. A
A need for process improvement. Process improvement occurs when a business's managers figure out how to increase efficiency. This often includes making changes to human resources. Process improvement isn't the same as needing new types of skills and experience, experiencing a change in government regulations, or feeling pressure from the competition.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: LAP-SM-004—Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
97. B
Motivating. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. A directing activity is motivating employees, which is prompting them to continue a certain behavior or to take a certain action. When a manager provides employees with positive verbal feedback for their performance or offers monetary incentives for them to achieve certain goals, the manager is motivating employees. Supervising involves monitoring the work effort. Coordinating involves linking activities to achieve a desired outcome. Producing involves combining inputs to create outputs—making goods or services.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Functions of management. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
98. B
Feedforward. Control is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Managers monitor the work effort in many ways. Feedforward control involves taking preventative measures and occurs before a business activity is performed. Feedforward control often involves establishing standards (e.g., quality of materials used in production) and procedures for carrying out the activity. Concurrent control involves monitoring the work while the employee performs it. This allows the manager to determine if the employee is performing the work correctly and efficiently. Feedback controls occur after a business activity has been completed. A standard is a control tool and a measure for determining the level of excellence of something.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 561-564]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
99. D
Explain to all employees why the change is needed and how it will help. The company should communicate to all employees what the change is and why it is occurring. If employees understand why the change is important and how it will help them, they will have an easier time adjusting to the change. The company should not execute the change without telling employees or only let the employees know about the change after it has occurred. All employees should be involved, not just high-ranking employees.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Gilbert, J. (2009, April 14). The change management life cycle; involve your people to ensure success. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from http://www.batimes.com/articles/the-changemanagement-life-cycle-involve-your-people-to-ensure-success.html
100. B
Companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle. Many organizational changes fail because the changes are not implemented properly. Big changes may be difficult to execute throughout entire companies, but it can be done by using the change-management lifecycle. Most people are resistant to change, but executing a change correctly can help them accept the change. Employees may need a large amount of time to adjust to changes.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: Gilbert, J. (2009, April 14). The change management life cycle; involve your people to ensure success. Retrieved November 28, 2017, from https://www.batimes.com/articles/the-changemanagement-life-cycle-involve-your-people-to-ensure-success.html
Test 1185
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Disparagement. Frederic is making false statements about the quality of the new pizza place's food and the cleanliness of the restaurant. He is also leaving false negative reviews of the pizza place online. This constitutes disparagement. This is not an example of unfair competition or wrongful interference. Frederic is not infringing on the new pizza place's copyright.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: LaMance, K. (2018, February 2). Business torts. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/business-torts.html
2. D
Principal. In the legal system, an agent is a person who acts on the behalf of his/her client. The client is called the principal. A defendant is a person who is charged with a tort or crime. Opposition refers to the other party involved in a contract or dispute. A consultant is an advisor.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: HG.org. (1996-2018). Agency law - Agent law. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.hg.org/agency-law.html
3. A
Plaintiff. The plaintiff is the person in a case who makes a claim against another person or organization and starts the litigation process. The defendant is the person who is accused of breaking the law. The lawyer is the person who represents the plaintiff and/or defendant. The judge is the person who rules on a case.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: Stoel Rives, LLP. (2012, January 24). How does a lawsuit work? Basic steps in the civil litigation process. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.stoel.com/how-does-alawsuit-work-basic-steps-in
4. A
To avoid going to court. Parties may choose mediation if they want to avoid taking their case to court. Mediation often costs less money and results in a more personalized result. Mediation often means doing more work to resolve the dispute.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Dysart, K. (1995-2016). Why to choose mediation over litigation. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.hg.org/article.asp?id=18286
5. B
Take notes. If a speaker is giving you multiple directions at one time, it may be useful to take notes. That way, as you complete your project, you can look back on them. If Sasha had taken notes in her situation, she'd know what to do next in her experiment. Eliminating distractions, making eye contact, and acknowledging directions are all important steps when it comes to following directions, but they are not steps that would help Sasha in this situation.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Xdesign. (2016, October 20). 5 steps to giving and following instructions in the workplace. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://thinkx.net/blog/5-steps-to-giving-and-followinginstructions-in-the-workplace
6. C
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013, March 11). 10 nonverbal cues that convey confidence at work. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/03/11/10nonverbal-cues-that-convey-confidence-at-work/
7. A
Summarize what's been discussed in the conversation. At the end of the group's discussion or even at quiet moments along the way it's helpful to summarize what's been discussed so far. Jolie shouldn't immediately close off an idea that's out of the ordinary even if she thinks an idea is bad or unrealistic, it's important to listen to it. It's also important to avoid judging other group members' suggestions when asking questions. If there's a silent time when no one wants to speak, Jolie should be a leader and take the reins. She should not be intimidated by a quiet moment.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Reineke, M. (n.d.). In-class discussion. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://sites.uni.edu/reineke/guidelin.htm
8. B
To inform, persuade, and entertain. The three main purposes of oral presentations are to inform, persuade, and entertain. Interviews and debates are types of presentations, not purposes. An entertaining or persuasive presentation might inspire, but inspiring people is not one of the main purposes of oral presentations. An instructive presentation is an informational presentation.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025 Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
9. A
Priority sequence. Because Aaron first describes the most challenging or critical issues, he is arranging his report by priorities or level of importance. There is not enough information provided in the situation to determine if Aaron's priorities were simple or complex or if they were addressed in chronological (timebased) order or in alphabetical order by category.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Burke, A. (2018, June 29). Examples of methods of organization. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-methods-organization-18982.html
10. A
Receptive. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. Often, the analytical report includes recommendations for a business to take a certain course of action. If the writer anticipates that most members of the audience are receptive and will agree with the recommendations, then using a direct approach to structure the report is optimal. The direct approach involves writing the report so it focuses the attention on the conclusions and recommendations. If the writer anticipates a skeptical, argumentative, or indecisive audience, the indirect approach may be the best way to structure the report. The indirect approach involves preparing a logical argument that supports the recommendations and focuses on the rationale behind the recommendations. Intellect refers to a person's level of understanding about a topic or concept, which varies per person and is not necessarily related to the structure of the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: KU Writing Center. (n.d.). Writing informal and analytical reports. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://writing.ku.edu/sites/writing.drupal.ku.edu/files/docs/Writing_Informational_Analytical_R eports.pdf
11. A
Recommendations. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, and it is the last component presented in the report. The purpose of the study, which appears at the beginning of the report, describes why the research is needed. The background or historical information is presented at the beginning of the report and usually appears after the purpose of the study. The methodology section of the report appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why they were selected.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Paper Masters. (n.d.). Conclusions and recommendations. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.papermasters.com/conclusions_recommendations.html
12. C
Face-to-face conversation. When discussing sensitive issues, face-to-face communication is the best strategy because it is the richest form of communication and has the least risk of misinterpretation. If Phoebe were to write an email, her employee may not understand her tone or meaning. A company-wide memo is inappropriate because this is an issue that should be only between Phoebe and the employee in question. Finally, video conferences are generally used when people are not in the same location and do not offer any benefits that a face-to-face conversation does not provide.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Fenell, Z. (2017, September 26). Importance of communication channels in business. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/about-6511827-importancecommunication-channels-business.html
13. A
Be prepared to provide an update. It is important for a meeting participant to be prepared to present the required information at a scheduled meeting. Being unprepared is unprofessional and inconsiderate of the other participants' time. Without the necessary information, the meeting may need to be rescheduled. Meeting participants should not monopolize the conversation. New company policies would be relevant only if they affect the project. Otherwise, they should be communicated outside the project-status meeting. It is not always necessary to take notes for the group.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lovering, C. (2016, October 26). Purpose of weekly status meetings. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/purpose-weekly-status-meetings-76971.html
14. D
Be helpful. Roger is displaying helpfulness to this customer. He didn't know the answer to the customer's question, but he immediately went into action to find the person who did. This situation does not illustrate keeping promises, paying attention to internal customers (employees), or being thankful.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. B
Business decision-making. In the past, customer relationship management (CRM) was used mainly as a way to track and organize information about customers so a business could identify its most valuable clients and tailor its marketing strategies to generate more revenue. Today, its uses have expanded, and it is also considered an important tool in business decision-making. CRM is not typically considered a tool for use in commercial investing, hiring new employees, or establishing connections with vendors. These are not customer-focused activities.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016 Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. D
Ticket to football game. The ticket entitles its owner to watch a football game an intangible activity performed by others for a certain amount of money. The alternatives are examples of economic goodsphysical objects that are useful, scarce, and transferable.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
17. B
Bull dozers, photocopiers, and roads. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Bull dozers, photocopiers, roads, trucks, drum scanners, tractors, cranes, refineries, and computers are types of capital goods. Laborers are human resources. Minerals and iron ore are natural resources.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
18. A
Share human resources. The matrix organizational structure involves integrated departmental functions with product or project orientation. For example, a technology specialist, a marketing researcher, a financial advisor, and a manufacturing line supervisor are members of different departments but often work together to develop a product or improve a process. The advantage to businesses of using this organizational structure is that the business is applying its resources efficiently because a representative from each of the major departments provides a unique set of skills and knowledge to achieve the business's goals. Often, workers have two or more supervisors in the matrix organizational design. The matrix organizational design may improve the business's overall efficiency, but it does not always improve an individual's productivity. Departmental organizational design segments employees by their areas of expertise (e.g., accounting, sales, and production). Policies and procedures are developed to standardize various business activities and tasks in all types of organizational designs.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W., & Moorhead, G. (2010). Organizational behavior: Managing people and organizations (9th ed.) [pp. 453-455]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
19. C
Minimum wage. Government regulation of business includes regulating working conditions provided by businesses. One such regulation involves minimum-wage laws that specify the lowest hourly wage that businesses can pay workers. Zoning laws are intended to protect business property. The inspection of food is intended to protect consumers. Government price supports maintain the price of a good or service to enable the producers to earn a profit.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. C
Ski boat. An excise tax is a special government tax on certain nonessential and luxury items (e.g., ski boat) that is included in the price that consumers pay. Eggs, medication, and business computers are not luxury items that are subject to an excise tax.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. B
Third. During the third stage of production, the company sees negative returns. The first stage of production produces increasing returns, while the second stage of production produces diminishing returns. There is no fourth stage of production.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031 Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
22. A
Improved use of resources increases the GDP. For example, a vacant warehouse does not produce revenue. If it is leased as office space, then the resource earns income. It is difficult to measure the GDP accurately because of several factors, including the large amounts of information that are collected and the problem of avoiding counting a good or service twice. A decrease in the GDP results in a lower standard of living. The underground economy understates the GDP because no receipts are kept in these transactions and they cannot be counted.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
23. B
Countries that have engaged in war conflicts have difficulty establishing trust. When countries have a history of war, it can be difficult for them to establish trust with other countries to make trade possible. Countries speaking different languages represents a cultural difference. Countries that are adjacent to each other may have more opportunities for conflict or friendship, but the situation does not relate to the impact of the countries' history on world trade.
SOURCE: EC:115
SOURCE: Hughes, V. (2011, November 2). Cultures of trust. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://insight.kellogg.northwestern.edu/article/cultures_of_trust
24. A
Discuss your feelings with someone you trust. Often, this is all that is necessary to restore your selfesteem. It is never helpful to your self-esteem to bottle up your feelings, withdraw from life, or go over past mistakes repeatedly.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Mind. (2016, June). How to increase your self-esteem. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/types-of-mental-health-problems/selfesteem/#.W6JMQGhKiM8
25. C
Effort. Honest employees work during all of the hours for which they are paid. They do their fair share of work no matter what their feelings of loyalty to the employer might be. Worry and concern are not indicative of honesty and integrity.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138 Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
26. C
Controlling environmental distractions. By taking steps to minimize distractions, Jacob can focus his full attention on the most important work that he needs to accomplish. This helps him be more productive and manage all of his work commitments effecitvely. Although a "to-do" list may help Jacob prioritize his work, he is not developing the list in the situation provided, nor is he delegating work to others. Jacob is not accepting telephone calls or checking email, but he may be using his computer to do other tasks such as writing a report, or he may be making outgoing calls.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077 Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
27. D
It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Having a sense of humor helps you maintain a positive attitude because it keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Being able to laugh at yourself and at annoying things that happen is very good for your positive attitude. It helps you keep things in perspective. Having a sense of humor does not have anything to do with hanging out with positive people, staying healthy, or giving your appearance the attention it deserves.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
28. D
Make an effort to remain calm. In some cases, acting calm will actually help you be calmer. Using language to vent your anger indicates you have lost your self-control. Frowning and being defensive are negative responses that will not help you maintain your self-control.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
29. B
Yourself. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior. Internal feedback is feedback that comes from within yourself, and it may be negative or positive. Friends, teachers, and employers are external sources of feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. C
Joe needed a pen, so he opened Ali's desk drawer to look for one while she was away. Employees should not go through their coworkers' desks, files, correspondence, or personal belongings in the workplace. To do so is a violation of privacy. When employees respect the privacy of others in the workplace, they are more likely to gain the trust and respect of their coworkers and managers. Walking away from a serious discussion and changing a document with the writer's approval are not violations of privacy. Sending a personal email from work is not an invasion of privacy, but it is wasting company resources because it is not business-related.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Hamlin, K. (2017, July 5). Respecting a co-worker's personal space. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://careertrend.com/respecting-coworkers-personal-space-9496.html
31. D
They can change over time. Secondary dimensions of diversity are differences that may change at various points throughout one's lifetime and include characteristics such as language, religion, income, geographic location, family status, work experience, communication style, and education level. Physical traits and mental aptitudes are primary dimensions of diversity, which are inborn differences that cannot be changed. These differences include gender, age, race/ethnicity, etc. Subculture is a secondary group within a dominant culture. For example, suppose that a U.S. citizen has parents of Chinese decent; the Western culture is most likely the person's dominant culture, while his/her Chinese heritage represents a subculture. A person's subculture may influence some of a person's secondary dimensions of diversity, but it does not determine these dimensions.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033 Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
32. B
Acknowledging her efforts. One way to motivate team members is to acknowledge their work accomplishments either individually or in a group setting (e.g., meeting). When employees feel that management appreciates their contributions to the company, they are often motivated to keep up the good work. In this situation, Matthew is not providing Shelby with a monetary reward, giving Shelby new job responsibilities, or supporting Shelby's ideas.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: Kostanyan, A. (2014, September 22). 15 effective ways to motivate your team. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anush-kostanyan/15-effectiveways-to-moti_b_5854242.html
33. D
Self-awareness. Frank is demonstrating self-awareness. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of his/her own emotions. Each of us perceives the world through a unique set of values and beliefs. If you know what is important to you, your awareness will give you the confidence you need to respond appropriately. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is purposeful. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions. Social management is the ability to respond effectively to others' emotions.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016 Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
34. C
Generate innovative ideas. Collaboration involves working together in a cooperative manner. Colleagues from different departments often collaborate with one another to accomplish business goals. An advantage of collaboration is that colleagues from different departments have different perspectives, which can help generate innovative ideas for developing new products, improving processes, increasing productivity, and solving problems. Collaboration may reduce conflict, but it does not prevent it from ever happening. Although a little friendly competition among colleagues might positively affect some business activities, highly competitive attitudes tend to reduce trust and create a negative work environment. The goal of collaboration is interdependence (relying on one another) rather than acting independently (without others' input).
SOURCE: EI:061
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 339-340]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. B
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign exchange rate risk occurs when the value of an investment fluctuates due to changes in a currency's exchange rate. When a domestic currency appreciates against a foreign currency, profits earned in the foreign country will decrease after being exchanged back to the domestic currency. John's profits were greater in the foreign currency than in domestic currency because of fluctuations in the exchange rate between the two currencies. International trade agreements, political unrest, and the cost of international unionized labor are all factors that business owners should consider before engaging in international business, but John did not experience them in this situation.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2018, January 11). The risks businesses face in international finance. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/06/internationalfinancerisks.asp
36. C
Account balance requirement. Financial institutions often require customers to maintain a certain amount of money in their bank accounts. The account holder may be charged fees if the minimal account balance requirements are not met. Direct payroll deposit, overdraft protection, and online transaction options are benefits or services that many types of checking-account products offer that customers may need to pay fees to obtain.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Zacks. (2018, May 10). Advantages and disadvantages of savings and checking accounts. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://finance.zacks.com/advantages-disadvantagessavings-checking-accounts-3843.html
37. A
Time-value of money. Due to the time-value of money, any certain amount of money (such as Justine's $5,000) is worth more now than later as a result of its earning potential. Rather than letting her uncle keep the $5,000 until next year, Justine is wise to take the money now and put it in a deposit-bearing savings account. That way, Justine can earn more money ($300, to be precise) on the money from her uncle. A dividend reinvestment plan (also known as a DRIP) is a method used by many investors to grow their investments more quickly. It involves using stock dividends to purchase more shares of that stock. Capital budgeting is the process that a firm's financial managers use to determine which projects to invest in. The accrual accounting method involves recording transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp#axzz2BZGrTRpM
38. D
Obtain a bank loan. Banks obtain credit reports to make decisions about providing loans; therefore, it is important for individuals to periodically review the accuracy of their credit reports. By obtaining copies of their credit reports from an authorized credit agency, individuals can identify problems and take corrective action. Information presented in a credit report does not affect an individual's ability to withdraw money from a savings account, pay monthly credit card balances, or earn interest on stock holdings.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2018, May 1). What is a credit report and why is it important? Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-credit-report-and-why-is-it-important960448
39. D
Obtain insurance. Risk is the possibility of loss. There are many ways to reduce the possibility of loss. One way to reduce the possibility of loss is by transferring the risk, which is done by obtaining insurance. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Implementing security measures, checking for hazards, and screening employees are ways to control and prevent certain types of risks.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 807-808). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. A
To compare estimated performance with actual performance. Businesses rely on accurate financial information to make sound business decisions. In the situation provided, Emma is comparing one financial report (budget) with another financial report (actual sales) to determine if the business performed as expected if it achieved its sales goals. Although external economic conditions can affect sales, Emma is analyzing internal financial information rather than identifying external economic trends. Emma is not establishing new quality standards and benchmarks or analyzing the impact of aging accounts.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
41. D
Keep this information confidential. Confidentiality is the practice of keeping information secret or private. Accountants have a legal responsibility to protect their clients' information. Tatiana should therefore keep information about her company's upcoming merger confidential. Tatiana does not necessarily have any control over whether or not the merger benefits the public interest. There is no indication that Tatiana has a conflict of interest that would require her to maintain her independence. Also, there is no indication that Tatiana should report the information about the merger to the SEC.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351 With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
42. D
Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The balance sheet shows a business's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Long-term assets are items of value buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment that businesses use to generate revenue for more than a year. Inventory and cash are listed as current or short-term assets, which involve levels that tend to fluctuate. The mortgage is a long-term liability, and accounts payable (e.g., insurance premiums) are current liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010 The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
43. C
$545,100. A company's free cash flow represents the funds available for internal growth and expansion. It also indicates how well the company is managing its money. A positive free cash flow is usually a sign that the company is practicing responsible money management, which can result in increased shareholder yield. A negative free cash flow, however, indicates that the company needs to look for more and/or other sources of funding. To calculate the free cash flow, we first need to determine the company's capital expenditures by adding together the net cash used by investing and the net cash used by financing ($690,000 + $140,300 = $830,300). Finally, subtract the total capital expenditures from the cash flow from operations ($1,375,400 - $830,300 = $545,100). So, the company brought in $545,100 more than it spent.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Vane, J. (2017, September 26). How to calculate free cash flow. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/how-2364074-calculate-free-cash-flow.html
44. D
Globalization. A growing trend toward globalization is one of many business trends that affects HR management activities. Costs of business are going up. Companies are often restructuring to save money. And, new technologies seem to pop up overnight.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
45. A
"Shadowing" a person in your desired career. "Shadowing" or following a person in your desired career as s/he moves through a work day (or week or month) is an example of receiving tacit knowledge. Tacit knowledge is hard to explain in words or through writing being "on the job" with an expert is a great way to receive his/her knowledge by experiencing it firsthand. Reading a history textbook, listening to an instructor's lecture, and following a recipe are all examples of receiving explicit knowledge knowledge that is easy to transfer through words.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001 Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
46. D
Self-interest can prevent effective knowledge management. While the benefits of sharing knowledge are undeniable, sometimes it can be tempting to keep your personal knowledge to yourself. Bailey is tempted to keep her digital marketing knowledge to herself because she doesn't want to lose her competitive edge. Therefore, she is not effectively sharing her knowledge with others. This is not an example of how it is impossible to get ahead in your career if you share knowledge. It is also not an example of how knowledge management prevents unethical behavior. Finally, this example does not demonstrate how sharing knowledge builds stronger relationships.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002 Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
47. D
Patent. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Businesses can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. A patent is legal protection for a product or process, such as a production process. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for a specific number of years and is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect written documents and artistic compositions. A trademark is legal protection for a symbol, design, or word (name) that a business uses to identify its brand.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: World Intellectual Property Organization. (n.d.). What is intellectual property? Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.wipo.int/about-ip/en/
48. B
Exit interview. The purpose of an exit interview is to gain feedback from an employee who is leaving the business. The feedback can provide managers with knowledge about how they can help replacements become acclimated to the job. The feedback can also provide management with ideas for improving processes and increasing efficiency and job satisfaction. Concept mapping is a method of clarifying and organizing ideas by using a graphic format to show relationships. Codification is the process of classifying or assigning value to certain ideas, statements, or data. Tammy may have used concept mapping or data codification techniques to organize Seth's feedback after the exit interview. Training involves providing new hires and employees with education to perform their jobs.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Knowledge Sharing Toolkit. (2018, July 8). Exit interviews. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.kstoolkit.org/Exit+Interviews
49. A
Cultural influences. Cultural influences have the strongest effect on a consumer's buying behavior, even stronger than social influences, individual influences, and situational influences.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-006 Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
50. B
Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes that his previous employer uses. In many situations, employers require employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement, which is a promise to maintain the confidentiality of the business's trade secrets. Bob's new employer is asking him to break the promise that he made to his previous employer and share the information, which presents an ethical dilemma for Bob. Mailing a product catalog and price list to a customer, discussing work plans with coworkers, and providing a customer with accurate information about a company's privacy policy are ethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Rocket Lawyer. (2016). NDA 101: What is a non-disclosure agreement? Retrieved September 20, 2018 from https://www.rocketlawyer.com/form/non-disclosure-agreement.rl#/
51. A
Maintain the confidentiality of the stored information. Businesses that store customers' personal banking information are legally required to keep the information confidential. It is illegal to provide personal bank account information with any other party without the customers' permission.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2015, January 7). How to comply with the privacy of consumer financial information rule of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/how-comply-privacyconsumer-financial-information-rule-gramm
52. C
Operating system. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. The power cords connect the computer's central processing unit (CPU) to the electrical supply needed to turn on and operate the computer system. Navigation keys (e.g., arrow keys) are the function keys on the computer keyboard that enable a computer user to move around the computer screen. A modem is a device that connects the computer to the Internet. It sends and receives information via a telephone or cable line.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). Computer basics: Understanding operating systems. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
53. A
Performs interrelated functions. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. For example, Microsoft Office combines a variety of programs that perform word-processing, spreadsheet, slideshow presentation, desktop publishing, and database functions. Some integrated software packages are customized to perform interrelated activities for a specific industry, such as travel and hospitality. Not all integrated software packages calculate break-even points or include forecasting tools. Because integrated software options vary, the level of training that users need also varies.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2018). Integrated software. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.techopedia.com/definition/7748/integrated-software
54. B
Critical path. Many project-management software packages incorporate the critical path methodology into their programs. The critical path methodology uses algorithms to determine timelines, develops schedules for complex project activities, and proposes scheduling contingency plans, which reduce project delays. Presentation software creates computer-generated visual aids that support oral presentations. Demonstration and linear are not components of project management software.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Smartsheet. (2018, August 23). The ultimate guide to the critical path method. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.smartsheet.com/critical-path-method
55. D
Forecast sales. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review their invoices to evaluate ideas, execute promotions, or improve service.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 562-563]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
56. C
Cash flow. By monitoring its cash flow statement, Maxton Mart knows when it is running short on cash and can take needed steps to alleviate upcoming cash shortages. If necessary, Maxton Mart should be prepared to take out a short-term loan to cover inventory costs. The income statement provides a picture of a business's profit or loss conditions. The balance sheet shows a snapshot of the business's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Open-to-buy documents indicate how much money the business has to invest in additional inventory.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: PowerHomeBiz.com. (2018). Good record keeping for your small business. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.powerhomebiz.com/financing-abusiness/accounting/good-record-keeping-for-your-small-business.htm
57. A
Society and culture. Social trends currently affecting business decision-making include a growing need for convenience, increased concern for fitness and health, an emphasis on going green, and changing family roles, such as an increased number of fathers caring for their children. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population, such as age, gender, income, employment status, etc. Personal finances may contribute to a father's decision to personally care for his children but do not represent an economic impact on a business. An increase in the number of fathers personally caring for their children does not represent competition for a business unless that business happens to be a day care service.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015 Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
58. C
Local building codes. Building codes govern the construction and maintenance of a facility's structure. Jurisdictions develop building codes to ensure that the facility meets a minimal set of standards to protect the safety of facility's occupants and visitors. Electrical wiring, water lines, the grade of construction materials, and the placement of the building's exits are types of things that building codes regulate and monitor. A business that fails to meet building codes may be fined and closed until the problems are fixed. Trade laws regulate the exchange of goods and services between jurisdictions (e.g., states/provinces, countries). Affirmative action is an effort to give special employment consideration to disadvantaged groups. Electronic communication regulations govern the appropriate use of electronic communication methods, such as telephone surveillance.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: BuildingsGuide.com. (2018). State building codes. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.buildingsguide.com/blog/resources-building-codes-state/
59. D
Padding an expense account. Employee pilferage involves the taking of small amounts or small articles without the consent of the company. That is what occurs when an employee pads his/her expense account. Having authorization to change the amount specified on a check is not pilferage. Installing personally owned software on your computer may violate company policies; however, it does not represent employee pilferage. Hacking into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets is a computer crime, rather than pilferage.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Business Practical Knowledge. (2011, March 4). Employee theft. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://businesspracticalknowledge.wordpress.com/legal-security/employee-theft/
60. A
Set the security alarm; locks the doors. Businesses install locks and security alarms to protect their facilities from theft and burglary. Depending on the business's procedures, the last employee to leave for the day should set the security alarm and lock the door. In some situations, the security alarm can be set with a remote device after the employee leaves the building and locks the doors. Turning off the lights and adjusting the thermostat will not protect the building from unlawful entry. Turning on a surveillance camera may deter and identify thieves and burglars, but this will not prevent them from entering the building.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2018, March 7). How to protect your business property against theft. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.wikihow.com/Protect-Your-Business-Property-AgainstTheft
61. B
Due dates of tasks. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Employees evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including the task's due date and the time that it will take to complete the task. For example, if an employee needs to submit an advertisement to a publication by the end of the day, and it takes six hours to create the advertisement, then the employee will need to work on the advertisement before s/he works on anything else that takes a lot of time to complete. Task enjoyment, coworkers' opinions, and the employee's aptitude are not important factors that employees should consider when they prioritize their work tasks.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Cohen, J. (n.d.). How to prioritize all your work. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.solveyourproblem.com/time-management/how_to_prioritize_work.shtml
62. D
Desired outcomes for the project. It is important for managers to clearly explain the desired outcomes and goals of each project that they delegate to other employees, or else employees will not know the purpose of their work. It would be inappropriate for a manager to include the staff rules and consequences for breaking them while explaining delegated assignments. It would also be inappropriate to explain the punishment for failing to meet an assignment's deadline, since this would most likely intimidate employees and place unnecessary pressure on them. A manager should not value the quantity of work over the quality of work; therefore, this would not be appropriate to say to employees.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Economy, P. (2018, May 31). Delegation is an art (and here are 9 simple ways to do it better). Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/peter-economy/delegationis-an-art-and-here-are-9-simple-ways-to-do-it-better.html
63. B
Scope. A project's scope is what the project will and will not include. A plan is an outline of what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Risk is the possibility of loss or gain. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519 Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
64. A
Planning. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. A project plan is a specific course of action (plan) for accomplishing the project's objectives. Project planning is the process of determining which resources (human, financial, materials) the business needs to complete the project and how those resources will be used. The advantage to project planning is that the business is more likely to achieve the project's objectives because the planner has obtained the necessary resources to complete the project before starting to work on it. Examples of projects that businesses plan might include training programs, marketing research, information analysis, and inventory control.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
65. C
Quality. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service. Purchasing personnel try to buy needed goods and services at the lowest possible price provided that quality does not suffer. Buying poor-quality goods at a low price is not efficient and may be costly to a business in terms of lost production or customer dissatisfaction. Loyalty is faithfulness. Security is safety from danger or risk. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company which receives it.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
66. B
Maintain long-term relationships. To establish favorable relationships with vendors, both the company and its vendors must receive something they want. Companies must be willing to work with vendors to achieve mutual goals. To achieve their mutual goals, the company and its vendors should be willing to share relevant information, negotiate fairly and compromise, and be trustworthy and reliable. By taking these actions, the company and its vendors are less likely to experience serious conflicts. A good working relationship can facilitate profitability for both the company and the vendor, but does not always double a company's profit margin.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Bolander, J. (2010, May 31). How to build strong vendor and supplier relationships. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.thedailymba.com/2010/05/31/how-to-buildstrong-vendor-and-supplier-relationships/
67. B
The company will be able to purchase more materials and increase production. If a purchaser is able to negotiate lower prices for the necessary raw materials, the company will be able to purchase more materials for the same amount of money. Therefore, the company will be able to produce more products. Negotiating lower prices would not necessarily limit the type of materials that can be purchased. Increases in productivity do not necessarily lead to higher costs. Finally, communication processes do not necessarily improve based on the negotiation of lower prices.
SOURCE: OP:247
SOURCE: Root, G.N. (2018). How can functions of the operations manager increase productivity? Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/can-functionsoperations-manager-increase-productivity-11747.html
68. A
To replenish its regularly-stocked items. A straight reorder is a purchase order in which the business orders normally-stocked items to replenish items that have been used or sold. Orders that are placed to accommodate customers' unique requests are special orders. A modified rebuy is a type of order in which there are changes in the quantities or styles of items that are routinely ordered. Seasonal merchandise includes items the businesses order and sell during specific times of the year when demand is high. Large retailers often use blanket orders to purchase seasonal goods (e.g., holiday gift-giving season).
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [pp. 417-418]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
69. D
To sell it to end users. Businesses keep different types of inventory on hand for different reasons. If the business sells the goods that it buys to end users, it is resale stock. For example, an appliance-store chain (retailer) buys stoves, refrigerators, and dishwashers from manufacturers, and sells the items to consumers. Items such as parts (e.g., nails) and raw materials (e.g., wood) are used to produce manufactured goods. Businesses also maintain an inventory of supplies (office, cleaning) for employees to use to complete their work.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2018). Inventory types. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html
70. C
Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses. By assessing a vendor's strengths and weaknesses before entering a negotiation, a business can plan strategies to use that will strengthen its own position during the negotiating process. Planning and developing effective strategies can help the business obtain desired discounts, favorable service options, or cooperative advertising support. And, the business may make fewer concessions during the negotiation because it analyzed the vendor's capabilities before beginning negotiations. To obtain a favorable agreement, the business should strive for a win-win attitude. Adopting a win-lose attitude and using overly aggressive tactics may backfire, and prevent both parties from getting what they want from the negotiation.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Young Entrepreneur Council. (2016). 13 tips for negotiating with suppliers. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/young-entrepreneur-council/tips-fornegotiating-with-a-supplier.html
71. C
Determining whether to approve or reject an entire batch of products. Acceptance sampling is a part of statistical quality control that involves taking a random sample and determining whether to accept or reject the entire batch of products. Filling out control charts is part of statistical process control. Identifying the cause of quality problems is not a part of acceptance sampling. Descriptive statistics are a separate part of statistical quality control.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
72. C
Promotional needs. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating an issue, problem, process, or approach that affects the business. Analysis can help a business determine how to achieve its goals. Because the data and information that Mitchell is evaluating is related to an advertising campaign, he is evaluating a promotional issue he is determining the best way to communicate product information to the target market. Although available human (internal and external) and financial resources are factors that Mitchell might consider as part of the analysis, the primary purpose is promotional rather than evaluating the business's operating schedule or its human resources.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Gannon, D. (2011, August 11). How to choose an advertising agency. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/guides/201108/how-to-choose-an-advertising-agency.html
73. D
Human. People can have a large impact on the design of a process. Stress, employee morale, and fatigue are common human factors that can influence process design. If the Internet and cable company wants to increase its customer-service phone line hours, it will need to consider that its employees may not be able to take on any extra work or may become fatigued from the extra hours. Regulatory and environmental factors that affect process design include government regulations and the political or social environment surrounding a company. Technological factors include the cost of necessary equipment or technology.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September 16, 2018, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
74. D
Allowing inventory to be monitored regularly. Technology such as enterprise resource systems allows inventory to be constantly monitored and automatically alerts businesses when levels are running low. Technology does not eliminate the need for supplier relationships, cause disruptions in the supply chain, or increase warehouse storage costs.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Business Development Bank of Canada. (n.d.) How to implement just-in-time inventory management. Retrieved September 16, 2018, from https://www.bdc.ca/en/articlestools/operations/inventory-management/pages/inventory-management-build-smoothersupply-chain.aspx
75. D
Materials and information; organizations. Supply chain networks refer to the movement of supplies and knowledge among members of a network. Supply chain networks do not involve the movement of employees and customers among governments, government officials among Fortune 500 companies, or classified information among protest groups.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Adaptalift Hyster. (2011, September 27). What is a supply chain network? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.aalhysterforklifts.com.au/index.php/about/blogpost/what_is_a_supply_chain_network
76. D
Language barriers. It is important for companies to consider the risks associated with global supply chain networks before engaging in international trade. In this example, the miscommunication between two individuals of different languages led to a delivery delay in other words, there was a language barrier. Accountability and compliance, time zone differences, and cultural conflicts are all serious risks associated with global supply chains, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/6-globalsupply-chain-challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
77. B
An effective laptop security policy. Employees should be held accountable for the digital assets housed on their computers. One way to achieve this is by requiring employees to sign a detailed and effective laptop security policy that provides employees with best practices to ensure laptop security. Encryption software is more likely to protect digital assets from outsiders and/or criminals rather than holding employees accountable. Project management software is not necessarily related to protecting digital assets. Background checks will not necessarily help hold employees accountable for protecting digital assets.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: WinEncrypt. (n.d.). Protecting digital assets in the modern organization. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.winencrypt.com/downloads/resources/whitepapers/WinEncrypt_protecting_digital _assets.pdf
78. D
Scan the drive for viruses before opening it. External devices can carry viruses that can allow customer data to be exposed to threats. Scanning the USB for viruses can detect any threats before the data is exposed, protecting private customer information. Refusing to open the files isn't necessarily a reasonable action because Riley needs to view the files in one way or another. Deleting customer information is not practical because the information is probably necessary to the company's success. Finally, firing the design firm is an unreasonable response because the firm did not necessarily do anything to warrant such action.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: StaySafeOnilne.org. (2018). Protect your customers. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://staysafeonline.org/business-safe-online/protect-your-customers
79. B
Knowing how she works best. Olivia is taking steps to reduce distractions that may affect her ability to complete her work tasks in a timely manner. She is not dividing large projects into smaller parts, making the most of her down time, or focusing on personal goals rather than work tasks.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001 About Time (Time Management)
80. B
Allison focuses on her work tasks so she can meet her deadlines. Businesses have basic expectations regarding their employees' behavior in the workplace. Employers expect employees to arrive at work on time; perform their work accurately and efficiently; be honest; and exhibit respect for coworkers, customers, and company property. Because Allison is focused on her work and strives to meet her deadlines, she is meeting her employer's expectations. Engaging in idle chitchat and texting during a meeting are disrespectful actions that waste the company's time and money. Confiding in a customer about problems with coworkers is inappropriate behavior.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Lockhart, K. (2013, June). Employer expectations: Just what do they want? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.letsgettoworkwi.org/wpcontent/uploads/2013/05/Employer-Expectations-by-Kristi-Lockhart.pdf
81. C
Supply chain management. Supervising the transportation, storage, and handling of a company's product is a supply chain management job duty. This is not a job duty for business analytics, human resources management, or office management.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019 Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
82. B
Left for a better job. When providing information about previous jobs, you should present a positive picture of yourself and your former employers. Avoid saying anything that puts you or a former employer in a negative light. Therefore, comments such as "unable to get along with supervisor," "unfair supervisor," and "unpleasant working environment" should be avoided. Telling a potential employer that you left to find a better job says nothing negative about your abilities or those of former employers.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: GFCLearnFree. (1998-2018). Job applications: Completing a job application. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/jobapplications/completing-a-jobapplication/1/.
83. B
Professional networking. Networking is the process of exchanging information with others for the purpose of professional or business development and/or advancement. In the example, Marcus took advantage of a social situation to discuss his professional development or needs with Lynette. The situation presented is not an example of etiquette (exhibiting manners), interviewing, or community resourcing.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Speisman, S. (2018, February 28). Ten tips for successful business networking. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.businessknowhow.com/tips/networking.htm
84. A
The variety of its goods and services. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes that the business wants to achieve. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. Product goals involve setting standards for various characteristics of the business's products quality, style, durability, variety, etc. Expenses and income are budgeting (financial) considerations. Establishing guidelines for workplace behavior are human resources goals. Consumer goals involve setting standards and objectives to accommodate the target market's needs, wants, and expectations.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Joseph, C. (2018). What are the benefits of goal setting? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-goal-setting-2511.html
85. B
Work assignment, task, and subtask. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller components helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project activities. When dividing the work, the project manager first divides the entire project into work assignments. Then, each work assignment is broken down by the tasks that the assignment requires for completion. In some situations, each task has subtasks that need to be completed before moving on to the next task.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Workbreakdownstructure.com. (2018). Work breakdown structure (WBS). Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.workbreakdownstructure.com/
86. C
Keeping the project on track. During the execution phase, the project manager is responsible for ensuring that tasks are performed correctly, taking corrective action if problems occur, and keeping the project on track in terms of schedule and scope. During the planning phase of a project, the project manager develops the work breakdown structure, which involves developing work packages and tasks. Acquiring supplies and equipment and assembling a steering committee (if needed) are also activities that occur during the planning phase of a project.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Project Management Institute. (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge (PMBOK guide) (5th ed.) [pp. 52-57]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
87. D
Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members. Effective project managers motivate their team members to reach project milestones and goals. Motivation often involves offering rewards (e.g., lunch), which expresses the project manager's appreciation for the team's hard work and can encourage team members to keep striving to achieve the team's goals. Marcus is providing Thomas with evaluative feedback and guidance. Ryan is delegating duties to Samantha. Zoey is communicating information to team members.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Daskal, L. (2014, November 26). 20 ways to reward your employees without spending a dime. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/lolly-daskal/20-ways-toreward-your-employees-without-spending-a-dime.html
88. B
Conduct a post-implementation review. After the stakeholders receive the project deliverables, the project manager develops a post-implementation review. The post-implementation review is a formal, detailed assessment of the completed project in relation to the project's objectives. The document assesses the project's budgets, deadlines, and processes, as well as the stakeholders' satisfaction with the results or deliverables. The lessons-learned document summarizes the project's successes and failures. Project managers often refer to the lessons-learned document when working on similar projects. A project-issues log is a documentation of problems or challenges that occur during the execution phase of the project. Lisa was not composing final delivery instructions.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Lewinson, M. (2011, January 17). Project closure template—Key steps to closing a project. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.mymanagementguide.com/project-closuretemplate-key-steps-to-closing-a-project/
89. A
Produces only 3.4 defects per million parts. A popular quality management framework is Six Sigma, named for the statistical term that indicates only 3.4 defects per million. PDCA uses the plan-do-checkadjust approach. ITIL uses an IT-oriented approach. The company has not created its own quality management framework.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: University Alliance. (2018). What is six sigma? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.villanovau.com/resources/six-sigma/what-is-six-sigma/#.VsXLE_IrKUk
90. C
Increased revenue. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase productivity, which lowers costs and increases revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefitscontinuous-quality-improvement-cqi.html
91. C
A conflict of interest. Because Madelyn's brother works for a potential vendor, Madelyn may not be able to be objective and neutral when making a final selection for her employer's new payroll-processing provider. When selecting a vendor, it is important to be objective and consider all of the advantages, disadvantages, and potential risks with each candidate. A vendor that has not worked with large companies may not have the resources readily available to provide adequate service. Because Madelyn has a conflict of interest in this situation, she may want to seek input from her managers or formally request that someone else make the final decision. The situation presented does not involve an ethical issue related to financial reporting methodology, levels of service, or the company's structure.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Monash University. (2012, May 30). Examples of conflicts of interest and guidelines for action. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.adm.monash.edu.au/workplacepolicy/conduct-compliance/examples.html
92. C
Saves information when computer failures occur. Backup procedures involve saving the business's computer information at set intervals. If the computer system is damaged or fails to operate correctly, the backup is available to retrieve stored information so the business can continue to operate. The backup reduces the risk of losing all types of information financial, shipping, ordering, human resources, etc. The purpose for implementing backup procedures is not to prevent hacking, detect noncompliance, or allow employees to access multiple applications, although there are various software applications that specifically address those issues.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Marks, G. (2010, July 20). Backing up your computer backup services. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/2010/07/20/carbonite-mozy-internet-technologybackup.html
93. D
Form a captive insurance company. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade associations) often form their own insurance companies called captive insurance companies when they carry risks that commercial insurance companies will not cover. The organizations that form the captive insurance companies control insurance activities including the underwriting processes, premium rates, and claims-processing policies. Acquiring a professional association, establishing a riskmanagement committee, and creating a trade union are not ways in which a business transfers risk.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Wallace, O., & Foster, N. (n.d.). What is captive insurance? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-captive-insurance.htm
94. B
First-line. First-line or supervisory managers work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. First-line managers report to the mid-level managers. Mid-level managers are responsible for implementing the goals set by executive (top-level) managers, and are the link between supervisory and executive (top-level) managers. Mid-level managers report to the executive managers. Executive managers are responsible for the whole organization and spend most of their time setting organizational goals and conducting strategic planning. A regional manager manages employees in a specific location or region. Regional managers are usually considered mid-level managers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. A
Reduces uncertainty. Planning is the management function of deciding what needs done and how it will be accomplished. Planning is a futuristic process, which means that managers are forced to think ahead about needed resources, risks, and desired outcomes. Thinking ahead or planning reduces uncertainty because managers are evaluating various scenarios to determine the best way to achieve goals. Planning may reduce errors but does not eliminate them. Delegating work is an organizing activity, which involves assigning authority or responsibility for something to another person. Planning does not lessen the need to monitor employees, which is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: HubPages, Inc. (2018, February 16). Importance of planning. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://youcanwin.hubpages.com/hub/Importance-of-Planning
96. A
Organizing. The organizing function of management focuses on setting up the way the business's work will be done. Organizing involves determining what resources the business needs and how the various resources will work together to accomplish the business's goals in the most efficient ways. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Norman, L. (2018, June 29). What are the four basic functions that make up the management process? Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/four-basic-functions-make-up-management-process23852.html
97. C
Training and developing. Training and developing is a part of staffing that ensures that employees are knowledgeable and productive. It includes training employees in new job positions as well as providing ongoing professional development. Recruiting is the process of attracting qualified candidates to the company. Determining need involves keeping constant tabs on what job positions need to be filled and what the descriptions and specifications are for those open positions. Developing compensation plans involves paying and providing benefits for employees.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: LAP-SM-004 Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
98. C
Initiating action. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Providing guidance or instruction about the proper way to perform a task is initiating action. Skill identification is a staffing activity. Performance evaluation is a controlling activity. Establishing a line of authority is an organizing activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2018). Importance of directing function. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
99. A
Evaluating. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. To determine if employees or processes are working effectively and efficiently, managers compare the business's standards or goals with the actual output or desired result to evaluate performance. Delegating is an organizing task that involves assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Coaching is a directing activity and is an on-the-job instructional method in which a manager or supervisor is assigned a "coach" to set goals, give assistance in reaching goals, and give ongoing performance feedback. Forecasting is a planning activity that involves making estimates or predictions about something sales, income, expenses, etc.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2016). Controlling function of management. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/controlling_function.htm
100. D
Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees. The first stage of the change-management life cycle involves realizing the need for change and explaining this to employees in an understandable manner. Engaging in dialogue to determine how to best implement change, agreeing on a strategic plan for implementing change, and carrying out a strategic plan for implementing change are all actions taken in subsequent stages of the change-management life cycle.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: TwentyEighty Strategy Execution, Inc. (2015). The change management life cycle: How to involve your people to ensure success at every stage. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.strategyex.com/~/media/Files/Public-Site/US/POVs/ChangeManagement
Test 1195
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. A
Increase operating costs. Environmental laws are intended to conserve and protect the natural environment. Many of these laws have an impact on the way businesses operate by requiring them to decrease pollution or control waste. As a result, businesses often need to spend money to comply with the rules and regulations, which leads to an increase in operating costs. For example, a business might need to purchase pollution-control devices. Environmental laws do not require businesses to hire more employees or develop exterior landscapes. The laws do not limit equipment purchases. In fact, businesses may need to buy more equipment to comply with the laws.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: U.S. Chamber of Commerce. (2013, December 18). Increasing environmental regulation. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.uschamber.com/regulations/increasingenvironmental-regulations
2. D
Business-format franchise. A business-format franchise operates under a trade name and offers the opportunity for many people to become their own bosses while helping companies expand more efficiently. Product trade-name franchises offer an agreement to stock and sell a specific or exclusive line of goods. General partnership agreements are designed to combine capital, experience, and the abilities of two or more people. Limited partnerships are designed for two or more people who want limited liabilities.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
Settle the case. Settling a case means that the two sides end a dispute before the conclusion of a trial. Settlement is a more affordable, time-efficient alternative to going to trial. If a company is in a lawsuit that it is unlikely to win, settlement might be the best option. Moving to appeal, entering the discovery phase, or requesting a mistrial are not necessarily the best options for a company that is in a lawsuit that it is unlikely to win.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: FindLaw.com. (2018). What does it mean to settle a case? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://litigation.findlaw.com/legal-system/what-does-it-mean-to-settle-a-case.html
4. C
File a formal complaint to the court alleging the Bremen Company's illegal use of the Tafoya trademark. The first step in a legal case is filing a formal complaint. All other processes occur after the complaint has been filed. A pretrial cannot be established until the case has been created through the filing of a complaint, a response from the defense, and the completion of the discovery process, including interrogatories and examinations.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: SmallBiz.ca. (2018). The litigation process—step by step. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.smallbiz.ca/2009/04/08/the-litigation-process-step-by-step/
5. D
Arbitration involves a judgment. Both arbitration and mediation are used either to avoid litigation or alongside it, employing a third party to try to negotiate. However, arbitrators pass down a decision about the evidence given. Mediators simply help guide discussion and resolve the conflict. Mediation does not only apply to criminal cases. Finally, arbitration can be a binding process that replaces a trial.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2018). Mediation vs. arbitration vs. litigation: What's the difference? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://adr.findlaw.com/mediation/mediation-vs-arbitration-vslitigation-whats-the-difference.html
6. C
Understand the difference between outcomes and tasks. Sometimes, many tasks are needed to accomplish one outcome. Other times, directions might only specify the outcome without giving a detailed list of tasks. It is important to understand exactly what the directions require. Directions do not always follow a sequential order. Also, you do not have to understand directions without assistance; if you have questions, you should ask for clarification. Finally, directions should not necessarily be completed as quickly as possible if it compromises the quality of work.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Lynn, A. (2014, March 10). The difference between tasks and outcomes. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.asianefficiency.com/task-management/differencetasks-outcomes/
7. B
Verbal. Individuals who have effective verbal skills have the ability to communicate with the use of words. When explaining and defending their ideas objectively, individuals often are speaking to others and using verbal communication. Having effective verbal skills enables individuals to speak in an organized manner and present information in a logical order. They are able to speak clearly and provide supporting information in a way that others will understand. Individuals do not necessarily need to have effective technical, computer, or reading skills to be able to explain and defend their ideas objectively.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 191-205). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. B
Explain relationships. Graphic aids help clarify, reinforce, and summarize information. Flow charts help explain relationships. For example, an organizational chart illustrates a business's chain of command. Flow charts may also show the ways in which sequential processes work, such as project management. Line graphs are often used to illustrate timelines and to identify trends. Bar charts are effective graphic aids to compare and contrast data. Tables are often used to summarize complex numerical data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Cornell University. (n.d.). Flowcharting guidelines. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://hr.cornell.edu/sites/default/files/flowcharting_guidelines.pdf
9. A
Dear Accounting Manager:. The salutation addresses the person to whom you are writing, either by name or by title. It is generally followed by a colon. "Dear Sir" or "Dear Madam" would be incorrect since the gender of the individual is unknown. "Dear" would not be used in writing to a department. A more appropriate form would be "Attention: Accounting Department."
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2018, October 25). Choosing the best salutation for your next business letter. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/business-lettersalutation-examples-2059704
10. C
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An application is a form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives brief details about a project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Beare, K. (2018, March 5). The fundamentals of writing an inquiry business letter. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.thoughtco.com/inquiry-letters-1210169
11. B
Some employers use a different style manual than the one that experts suggest. Using a specific writing style provides consistency throughout all of a business's written documents. Generally, certain fields or disciplines use a particular writing style. For example, the social science and natural science disciplines tend to use the American Psychological Association (APA) style, while textbook publishers tend to use the Modern Language Association (MLA) style. However, some organizations do not use the particular writing style that experts suggest. Therefore, employees must determine and apply their employers' style preference when preparing business documents. To maintain consistency, businesses do not usually change writing styles based on the type of report they are writing at a particular time. Employers may be very rigid about the writing style because the style can affect their professional integrity or their ability to get funding for a project. Each writing style varies, including the ways in which bibliographies are formatted.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Tuten, N. (2017, December 3). Style manuals. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://getitwriteonline.com/articles/style-manuals/
12. A
Focus on the evidence that supports her conclusions. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. When developing an analytical report that addresses a controversial issue or contains information that readers might disagree with, Maggie should provide evidence and logical arguments that explain and support her conclusions. By providing evidence and logical arguments, Maggie is more likely to persuade readers to accept the conclusions. Colorful graphics, a bibliography, and unrelated facts are not likely to sway board members into agreeing with the conclusions presented in the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Layfield, E. (2017, February 18). How to write an analytical report. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://penandthepad.com/write-analytical-report-5142708.html
13. B
Methodology. The methodology section focuses on the procedures used to gather the information for the study. In the situation provided, the marketing research firm used personal interviews and focus groups to gather information. The introduction states the problem, purpose, and significance of the study or investigation. The abstract is a synopsis of the report's contents. The results section contains the analysis of the research findings.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Grand Canyon University Center for Innovation in Research and Teaching. (n.d). Components of a research paper. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://cirt.gcu.edu/research/developmentresources/tutorials/researchpaper
14. C
They may be fired. More people lose their jobs because they can't get along with other people than for any other reason. Establishing positive customer/client relations is very important to a business's success. Employees who damage customer relations are not likely to be promoted or given awards. Benefits cannot be taken away for misconduct.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Privacy plan. A business is legally required to create a privacy plan and share it with customers before collecting their information. That's it! A business has no obligation to create a toll-free number, to create a data encryption plan, or to create a website explaining its privacy practices.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: LAP-CR-017—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
16. A
Installations. Marketers classify industrial goods according to their uses. These classifications include installations that are high-cost, long-lasting items that are used to produce other goods and services. Examples of installations include buildings, robots, and blast furnaces used to smelt iron. Equipment is industrial goods used in the operation of a business, but it is not used in the actual production of a good or service. Raw materials are materials in their natural state such as trees. Supplies are industrial goods that are constantly being purchased and used up in the operation of a business.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
17. D
Possession. Possession utility is created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the person or business that will use the good or service. In other words, the person or business who purchases the product finds it useful and satisfying only after assuming ownership of the product. Lev can only get utility from the computer if he owns it, so the store does everything it can (in this case, offering a payment plan) to help him purchase it. When products are available at the time they are desired, they are said to have time utility. Form utility is created when a business alters or changes the shape or form of a product to make it more useful or satisfying for consumers. Place utility exists when goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
18. B
One business activity changes, so the others must adjust. Since the primary business activities are interrelated, when one business activity changes, the others must adjust in response. Changes in the products introduced, changes in specific employee roles, and changes in business strategies/tactics do not represent the interrelationship of business activities, overall. They represent smaller changes that take place within specific business activities.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
19. C
Controlling. A business controls risks by acknowledging that a risk exists and taking measures to protect itself. A business could avoid this risk by putting its profits in a bank. A risk is transferred when someone else, such as an insurance company, carries the risk. A business retains the risk when it does nothing to reduce or eliminate it.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
20. A
Income tax. Income tax is based on the amount of money you earn. Because of income tax, part of each of Vince's paychecks is given to the government. Income tax is the biggest source of federal tax revenue. Property tax is a tax on real estate and personal possessions. Sales tax is a tax on the sale/exchange of goods. Sales taxes are placed on most retail transactions. An excise tax is a type of sales tax that's placed on something specific, such as alcohol or tobacco. Excise taxes are typically either used on goods that are harmful to consumers or commodities that are in short supply.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2018). Taxes. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=taxes
21. C
Understated. During difficult economic times, the unemployment rate is often understated, meaning that it is actually higher than the numbers suggest. The unemployment rate is always an important economic indicator and is calculated each month regardless of the state of the economy. During difficult economic times, the unemployment rate is high, not low.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: LAP-EC-029—Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
22. D
Joyce should work on one trait at a time. If she tries to work on improving all three traits at the same time, she probably will not follow through on any of them. It would be a mistake for Joyce to ignore her supervisor's comments as these are meant to help Joyce. Asking for a transfer will simply postpone any efforts to improve.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
23. C
Honesty. Honest people tell the truth, even when it may cause problems for them. By accepting responsibility for her own actions and telling her supervisor about the mistake she made, Claire is being truthful. Enthusiasm involves showing a great deal of interest in something. Self-control is restraint of your feelings, words, and actions. Adaptability is the ability to adjust to changing conditions.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
24. C
Performing work-related tasks in efficient ways. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior in all areas of your life, including the workplace. Ethical employees are responsible employees who adhere to a standard of appropriate behavior. They complete tasks that they start in an efficient manner, follow company rules, and are honest and trustworthy. Employees who use office supplies for personal business (without permission), accept credit for work they didn't do, and make personal plans on company time are being dishonest and behaving unethically.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: LAP-EI-004—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
25. A
You must also respond to them. Recognizing ethical dilemmas isn't enough! If you want to be successful at work, with peers, and in your personal life, you also have to respond to ethical dilemmas. They cannot be ignored after you recognize them. Ethical dilemmas are not always obvious. Choosing the right decision is sometimes difficult.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
26. A
Tolerating ambiguity. Tolerating ambiguity is being okay with uncertainty and dealing with it effectively. Deviation from the norm is anything that strays from what is expected. Accountability is accepting responsibility for your decisions. Stepping out of your comfort zone is a good way to develop tolerance for ambiguity, but it is not the same as being okay with uncertainty and dealing with it effectively.
SOURCE: EI:092
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
27. C
Confidence. Confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. A leader needs confidence to encourage and inspire others because if a leader does not believe in him/herself, no one else will, either. Leaders do not necessarily have to develop talent, extraversion, or confidentiality.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
28. B
Personal interactions. There are different types of situations that require adaptability. Because you tend to communicate differently with your teachers, work supervisors, family, and friends, you are showing your adaptability in relation to your personal interactions. People tend to exhibit more formal behavior with their teachers and supervisors and are more relaxed and informal with family and friends. Adaptability is also required when you encounter unfamiliar or unexpected conditions (e.g., encountering hazardous driving conditions), resource availability issues (e.g., substituting one item with another item), and planned changes (e.g., getting married).
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
29. A
Sharing stories. Vision is the future that you desire to create. Vision is broad in scope, and it is timeless, meaning that there is always room from change or improvement. Setting and accomplishing goals help you work toward your vision. Some of those goals may include getting others to embrace your vision and help you carry it out. Enlisting others' support can be done in a variety of ways, one of which is to appeal to their emotions by sharing stories. The leaders often share inspirational stories about people who have overcome difficult circumstances, or they may share tragic stories about situations that do not need to happen or should not exist (e.g., starvation). Using logic involves appealing to the mind rather than to the emotions. Providing procedures and insisting on immediate action may not appeal to others' emotions and encourage them to commit to a shared vision.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
30. B
Keeping informed. The focus of political relationships is to influence others (e.g., coworkers and managers) to take a certain course of action for the purpose of professional gain. Employees engage in “office politics” for many reasons—to advance their careers, obtain scarce resources, change company policies, etc. It is important to keep informed about what is going on in the business to be able to influence others. For example, an employee may learn about an available job promotion by talking with coworkers and managers. If the employee has a good relationship with an influential manager, s/he might talk to the hiring manager about the employee's qualifications, which can help the employee get an interview for the position. Expressing bias, being passive, and being overly critical are actions that are more likely to hinder an employee's ability to develop effective political relationships in the workplace.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). 7 ways to use office politics positively. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newCDV_85.htm
31. C
To control expenses. Businesses keep accurate accounting records in order to know exactly how much money is being spent to cover operating expenses. Businesses monitor expenses to find out if they are spending more to operate than they are earning. Accurate accounting records tell businesses if expenses are high and provide businesses with the information they need to control or even reduce expenses. Controlling expenses is one way that businesses are able to increase profit. Businesses do not have the authority to regulate taxes. Businesses do not keep accurate accounting records in order to follow procedures or eliminate risks.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
32. D
A business might exceed its budget. Financial information is incredibly important for an organization's success. If a business does not pay attention to its financial information, it might exceed its budget, causing further problems down the road. Neglecting financial information does not necessarily lead salespeople to be unprepared, prevent the business from reaching the target market, or lead competitors to perform better.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
33. D
$83,553.30. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at a particular moment. One component of a balance sheet is owner's equity, which is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses. To determine owner's equity, subtract the total liabilities from the total assets ($94,841.20 - $11,287.90 = $83,553.30).
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
34. B
Utilities. Utilities fall under the “operating expenses” category on an income statement. Operating expenses are those incurred from keeping a business's doors open. The business pays these expenses so it can operate. Operating expenses can be either variable (amounts that are constantly changing, such as advertising costs) or fixed (amounts that stay the same for long periods of time, such as rent). This category includes expenses like employee wages, insurance, and administrative costs. Packaging, stolen items, and raw materials are all considered cost of goods sold/cost of sales. This category on an income statement includes all direct costs to obtain and/or produce the goods or services that a business sells.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
35. D
Protect stockholders. Public corporations often have thousands of shareholders. To protect the rights and financial well-being of the shareholders, governments regulate corporations' financial activities—activities that are carried out by the corporations' management teams and their boards of directors. The regulation of financial activities does not ensure earnings, limit benefits, or control costs.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2013, October 1). The laws that govern the securities industry. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.sec.gov/answers/aboutlawsshtml.html
36. B
Fiscal year. Budgets are prepared for a specific time period, usually a fiscal year. A fiscal year may or may not coincide with a calendar year. Budgets then are broken down into smaller time periods, such as quarters and months, so that managers can more easily monitor activity. Although quarters and months are monitored one at a time, the budget is prepared for the entire upcoming year.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
37. A
Sky High. Investors often calculate the price-to-cash flow ratio (P/CF) of potential investments to compare their relative worth. If particular investment's P/CF is lower compared to others in the same industry, the market has probably undervalued that stock. To determine which of the four airline's stock is most likely to be undervalued, calculate the price-to-cash flow ratio of each company. The price-to-cash flow ratio can be found by dividing the current stock price by the cash flow per share (Sky High: $14.36 / $5.21 = 2.76; Smooth Flying: $22.78 / $4.12 = 5.53; Soar the Sky: $18.50 / $3.59 = 5.15; White Clouds: $25.81 / $6.94 = 3.72). Since Sky High's price-to-cash flow ratio is lowest, it is most likely to be undervalued.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, May 14). Price-to-cash-flow ratio. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-to-cash-flowratio.asp
38. D
Orientation sessions. An orientation program makes new employees feel welcome, gives them a general overview of the business, and helps motivate them to do their best. Orientation sessions often include activities such as reviewing general company policies and compensation, describing training programs, providing a tour of the facilities, and introducing the new employees to their coworkers. Performance evaluations, application screenings, and financial seminars are not activities that help new employees become familiar with their new business environment.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2017, November 21). What are the benefits of new employee orientation programs? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefitsnew-employee-orientation-programs-1281.html
39. A
Intranet. An intranet is a very important form of technology for knowledge management. It serves as an organization’s “internal Internet” and allows the sharing of knowledge through email, documents, databases, etc. Word-processing software, bookkeeping software, and VoIP technology are not essential for knowledge management.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
40. D
Intentionality. To make sure that knowledge management practices are ethical, organizations need to be careful about the intention behind knowledge sharing. The company in question does not have ethical intentions because it is exploiting the engineer's knowledge for its own gain. This situation is not related to data privacy, research ethics, or intellectual property.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002—Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
41. A
Decision support system. A decision support system is a type of computer program that draws on gathered knowledge to help managers improve their decision-making and problem-solving skills. In the situation provided, the business has a problem getting products to its channel members, so it uses the information and knowledge in the decision support system to help them make decisions to resolve the problem. Businesses often use satellite technology to track goods that are in transit. Mind mapping is a form of brainstorming that organizes ideas and information graphically using shapes, pictures, and words. Businesses often use mind-mapping software to develop new products. A customer database stores data about a business's customers.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2010, March). Decision support system. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://searchcio.techtarget.com/definition/decision-support-system
42. C
Critical incident interview. Companies collect knowledge for a variety of reasons. When workplace accidents occur, companies want to know how and why they happened, so they can take steps to prevent similar accidents in the future. Questioning employees who witnessed the accident is a good starting point for determining the cause of the accident. This questioning process is called a critical incident interview. The knowledge gathered from the interviews helps the company understand the circumstances or problems that led up to the accident. Brainstorming is a creative thinking technique. An employee performance review is a formal evaluation of an employee's work efforts.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: HR-Survey, LLC. (2018). Training and development: Critical incident interview guide. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.hrsurvey.com/Critical_Incident_Interview_Guide.htm
43. C
Recognized. The first phase of the knowledge management process is discovery and detection, during which knowledge is recognized and categorized. Knowledge must be recognized before it can be embedded, analyzed, or manipulated.
SOURCE: KM:018
SOURCE: Knowledge Management Tools. (2010). Knowledge discovery and detection. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.knowledge-management-tools.net/knowledgediscovery-and-detection.html
44. B
Project a certain image. Branding is a critical component of marketing and business. Companies try to control how they and their products are perceived in consumers' minds. When Quentin wants people to see his restaurant as family-friendly and affordable, he is trying to project a certain image. Supporting a cause, developing new goods and services, and achieving stability are all important company goals, but they are not illustrated by this example.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
45. C
Storing data. Information management involves gathering, sorting, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decisions. Businesses use different types of internal and external information to make decisions, such as sales history, customer profiles, and financial data. In order to obtain the information when the business wants it, the business needs a place to store the information. Today, most businesses store this information on computers. Although the business may store advertising, employee, and credit information on its computer, these are not primary functions of information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
46. A
Privacy. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision-making. Some of this information may be personal data that businesses obtain about their employees, customers, suppliers, etc. Individuals have the right to expect that the privacy of their personal information will be maintained. Businesses that are ethical do everything they can to protect private information and make sure it is not misused or made available to unauthorized users. Safety is freedom from danger or risk. Dignity is a high degree of calmness and self-possession. Equity is fairness.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Van den Hoven, J., Blaauw, M., Pieters, W., & Warnier, M. (2018, June 21). Privacy and information technology. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2018/entries/it-privacy/
47. B
Large amounts of related information. Database programs are computer software applications that are used to collect and sort many types of information. Information stored in databases help businesses organize customer lists and financial information, track products and shipments, and catalog various records, such as personnel files. Internet search engines are software programs that automatically crawl the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and display a list of results. Problemsolving skills refer to a person's ability to find alternatives to achieve a desired outcome. Skills are not managed through a computer program. Databases can track customers' buying habits but cannot manage what customers will purchase.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
48. D
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet provides businesses with the ability to post a lot of information (e.g., product information) in a cost effective way. The Internet also provides consumers with the ability to obtain a lot of product information from a central location at their convenience. Many websites have employees who answer customers' questions in real time through chat-room and text-messaging capabilities. High-definition television (HDTV) and satellite radio are forms of media that communicate information; however, they are expensive forms of media, and are limited in scope, depth of information, and interactivity. Scanners are electronic tools that transmit paper copies of text and graphics into a computer.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Gregory, J.G. (n.d.). How the internet changed communication in business. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.vonage.com/business/perspectives/how-the-internetchanged-communication-in-business/
49. C
Allocate project resources. Project-management software allows businesses to plan, track, and evaluate all aspects of a project. A comprehensive project-management software program can help the project manager allocate resources—human, financial, material, capital—in the most efficient ways. Stakeholders, rather than software, define the project's purpose, establish the project's standards, and evaluate the quality of project deliverables.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2018). Project management software. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.techopedia.com/definition/13132/project-management-software
50. D
After work hours or when employees have down time. Database changes should be made at a time that is the most convenient for employees, such as after work hours or when they have down time. That way, employee work will have minimum disruptions. Changes need to be made to databases from time to time. These changes should not take place just as employees are beginning their work week. They should also not be made over lunch breaks, since changes may take much longer than the length of a break.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Matteson, S. (2013, November 1). Best practices for change management in the data center. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/data-center/bestpractices-for-change-management-in-the-data-center/
51. B
Migration. Migration is a population trend that indicates movement of people throughout the country as well as into and out of the country. Migration trends are important to businesses because businesses need to know where their customers are located. For example, many people are leaving colder climates and migrating to what is considered the Sunbelt. This movement affects businesses because the types of products they sell and the way they sell them will change. Also, the increased migration of ethnic groups into the country creates a need for new goods and services that meet the needs of a multicultural population. Lifestyle, consumption, and behavior are not population trends; however, these factors also affect how businesses market their goods and services.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Cromwell, J. (2017, November 21). Do changes in population as well as changes in lifestyle directly affect business operations? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/changes-population-well-changes-lifestyle-directly-affectbusiness-operations-34395.html
52. A
Environmental. An environmental scan is a study of external forces that influence a business's success. Some external factors that a business looks at when conducting an environmental scan include economic indicators (e.g., unemployment rates, consumer spending) and political factors (e.g., trade regulations, government stability). By analyzing external factors, the business can make informed decisions about expanding its operations or entering new markets. An internal analysis involves studying factors within the business, such as products, policies, productivity, etc. An analysis of the business's strengths is an element of a SWOT analysis, and involves determining the things that the business does well. Tactics are the activities a business uses to carry out goals. The example does not involve analyzing its internal activities.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
53. A
Building codes. Established by the government, building codes are the minimal acceptable standards of safety for the construction of buildings, homes, bridges, etc. Businesses often expand by constructing new facilities (e.g., warehouses) and need to work with architects, construction companies, and government agencies to ensure that the facilities meet the necessary structural standards. Health ordinances or codes are laws pertaining to issues that affect public health such as food service, sanitation, and communicable diseases. Zoning laws are laws that regulate the use of property such as commercial or residential use. Environmental regulations are statutes that protect the natural environment from air and water pollution, waste disposal, etc.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Crystal, G., & Foster, N. (2018, October 16). What are building codes? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-building-codes.htm
54. B
Discourages attempted burglaries. When would-be burglars see surveillance cameras in several locations around a business, they are less likely to attempt to break in because they will be videotaped or photographed by the cameras. When the burglars' actions are taped, law enforcement agencies are more likely to identify and arrest them. Although surveillance cameras don't prevent all burglaries or robberies, they can often deter these activities. Most businesses use a combination of security measures to secure their facilities, including door and window locks and different types of alarm systems. Businesses need and use different types of alarm systems, such as fire alarms or smoke detectors, which are often required by law. Therefore, the use of surveillance cameras does not eliminate the need for alarm systems. Extortion is blackmail and would not necessarily be impacted by surveillance cameras.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Starr, R. (2017, October 31). 10 tips to prevent burglaries at your small business. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://smallbiztrends.com/2017/10/prevent-burglaries-at-yoursmall-business.html
55. D
Critical activities. Critical activities are the most important tasks to do and often need immediate attention. These tasks might involve solving a customer's problem or preparing a report for a spur-of-the-moment meeting. Listing critical activities often helps employees prioritize and plan their work, which can help them achieve their deadlines. Routine tasks, such as checking email, are performed on a regular basis and often do not require a lot of time or thought. Accomplishments are things that have been achieved. Long-term goals are objectives that will take a year or more to reach.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Dawn, M. (2017, February 7). How to determine workplace priorities. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://work.chron.com/determine-workplace-priorities-17470.html
56. A
Sequentially. Sequential order involves performing tasks in a logical order to achieve a desired outcome. In the workplace, it is important to coordinate tasks, especially when one employee must complete a task so another employee can perform the next task in the process that is needed to complete a required activity. In the example, each employee requires a coworker to complete a task so the next person can do his/her job; therefore, the work must be coordinated so it is performed in a certain sequence. If the employees are performing tasks simultaneously, they are doing the tasks at the same time. There is not enough information provided to determine if the tasks must be performed quickly. If the tasks are done in no particular order, they are being performed randomly.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 153-160]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
57. A
Leah must stay in constant communication with her employees about their tasks. Even though Leah delegated her tasks to her employees, they are still her responsibility. She must stay in constant communication with her employees to make sure that they're on track. As a manager, it is acceptable for Leah to delegate tasks to her employees. It is not necessary to sit with employees to make sure they finish their work. In fact, doing so may hinder the employees' work.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Suttle, R. (2016, October 26). How to be a good manager by delegation. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/good-manager-delegation36658.html
58. B
58%. To determine the increase in production, first calculate how many bikes Marcus produced per week on average before the new technology. Assuming that he works eight hours per day, multiply Marcus' hourly rate by eight to calculate his daily rate (50 X 8 = 400 bikes per day). Next, multiply his daily rate by five to calculate his weekly rate (400 X 5 = 2,000 bikes per week). Finally, divide his new rate of 3,150 bikes per week by his old average of 2,000 bikes per week to calculate the percent increase (3,150 / 2,000 = 1.58 or 158%). Marcus produced 158% of his previous average weekly rate, meaning his production increased by 58%.
SOURCE: OP:355
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2017, September 11). How to streamline work process and improve workflow. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/streamline-workprocess-improve-work-flow-3929.html
59. B
Identify the project's stakeholders. The first step is to figure out who else is involved in the project—the project's stakeholders. Identifying the project's stakeholders is the first step because you do not want to start planning any other aspects of the project without getting their input and including them in the process. Before you determine quality standards, identify resources, or develop a draft plan, you need to identify the project's stakeholders so they will be considered throughout these other steps.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
60. C
Consider project goals. While there are some general parts of any project that you can evaluate, you should look at which measures are most important for your specific project. To start, consider project goals. Your most important evaluation criteria will likely relate directly to your project's objectives. Communicating lessons learned, performing gap analysis, and focusing on financial data are not ways to start determining which parts of a project are successful.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
61. A
There are many qualified sellers. The request for quotation (RFQ) summarizes the details about the business's needs, bid requirements, and deadlines. After the business obtains the bids, it can assess each bidder's strengths and weaknesses. The vendors' goal is to win the bid, and the business's goal is to obtain the best price. RFQs are appropriate to use when there are many qualified sellers (vendors) with similar products and pricing. Businesses often send out RFQs when the dollar or product volume is high or the product or project is complex. In some situations, the vendors must take a lot of time to develop their quotations when the request is complex. RFQs are not generally used when product volume is low, there is a short lead time, or the company has a preferred supplier.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, August 2). Request for quote (RFQ). Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/request-for-quote.asp
62. B
Resistance to change. Resisting change can hinder the ability to maintain positive working relationships with others. Business partners (e.g., vendors) who have had no input in the proposed changes tend to react negatively to change. To get the vendor on board with the new system, the business may want to get the vendor's opinions and ideas. By doing so, the business shows that it respects the vendor's position in the supply chain and is willing to collaborate. There is not enough information to determine the reason why the vendor is resisting change—legal concerns, lack of information, product quality, etc.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Rick, T. (2013, March 8). Change is not the problem - Resistance to change is the problem. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.torbenrick.eu/blog/changemanagement/change-is-not-the-problem-resistance-to-change-is-the-problem/
63. C
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Businesses typically place blanket orders several months before the season and usually provide dollar limits, but they do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates. An open order is an order for staple goods that a business places with one of several available vendors who can meet its immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A custom order is a request for a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Provisional is not a type of purchase order.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Unleashed. (2016, July 7). Managing procurement: Purchase orders. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.unleashedsoftware.com/blog/managing-procurement-purchaseorders
64. B
MRO goods. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies, janitorial supplies, employee uniforms, and work gloves. While none of these supplies will be part of the company's finished products—automotives—PVX uses these supplies on a regular basis to ensure that the manufacturing process runs smoothly. Raw materials are items in their natural state or condition, such as glass or steel. Work-in-process consists of the car parts and components that are no longer raw materials but are not completely finished yet. Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be marketed to consumers.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2017, October 16). Maintenance, repair, and operating supplies (MRO). Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/maintenance-repairand-operating-supplies-mro-2221265
65. C
$1,501.47. 5/10 net 30 means that the buyer will receive a 5% discount if the buyer pays within 10 days of the invoice date, and the entire invoice must be paid within 30 days. To calculate how much the restaurant supply company will owe if it pays within 10 days of the invoice date, first determine the discount amount in dollars. To obtain the discount amount in dollars, multiply the order amount by the discount percentage ($1,580.50 X .05 [or 5%] = $79.025, which rounds to $79.03). Then, subtract the discount amount in dollars from the original order amount ($1,580 - $79.03 = $1,501.47).
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Young Entrepreneur Council. (2012, October 12). 13 tips for negotiating with suppliers. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/young-entrepreneur-council/tips-fornegotiating-with-a-supplier.html
66. D
Creates form utility. One of the benefits of production is that it creates form utility—usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer or user. Without production, many resources would be of little use to consumers. All of the other alternatives are benefits of production to businesses, not consumers.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
67. A
Monitor quality consistency. Quality control involves ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. Most businesses use some type of quality control method to achieve their standards of excellence and minimize errors. The quality control methods used depend on the type of business and work that is being produced. Manufacturing companies often inspect random items as they come off the production line to ensure that the items meet their quality standards. If all the inspected items meet the established standards, the products' quality levels are consistent. Random product inspections do not improve product value, achieve sales goals, or assess employees' ideas.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003-2010). Choosing the best quality control methods. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/manufacturing/choosing_the_best_quality_control _methods_028685.html
68. C
Reducing inventory. Supply chain management is the supervision of the process of getting products into the marketplace and managing the flow of goods. Reduced inventory means that products are flowing from manufacturer to customer efficiently, so reducing inventory is a goal of supply chain management. Supply chain management does not relate to managing customer relations, storing marketing data, or planning promotional strategies.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2018, February). Supply chain management (SCM). Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://searchmanufacturingerp.techtarget.com/definition/supply-chainmanagement
69. D
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to make adjustments so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations. Production is the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring, so it can take the appropriate steps to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the production issues relate to the production workers' performance levels, raw materials and inventory shortages, or equipment malfunctions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Williams, L. (n.d.). Factors of production: Inputs and outputs. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://courses.lumenlearning.com/baycollege-introbusiness/chapter/reading-resourcesinputs-and-outputs/
70. A
Supply chain network. Supply chain networks encompass the flow and movement of materials and information among connected organizations. Because of the plant closure, the manufacturer would be unable to provide steel to the distributors and stores that need it. This would result in a disruption of the supply chain network. This situation would probably not influence the company's chain of command, marketing department, or advertising budget.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Adaptalift Group. (2011, September 27). What is a supply chain network? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.aalhysterforklifts.com.au/index.php/about/blogpost/what_is_a_supply_chain_network
71. A
Business processes. The design of business processes can be influenced by many types of factors. Human factors that can influence business process design include stress, employee morale, and fatigue. Regulatory and environmental factors include governmental regulations and the political or social environment surrounding an organization. Technological factors include the cost of necessary equipment or technology.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2016, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
72. D
Customer dissatisfaction with the manufacturer. Customers who are unable to purchase food for their pets are likely to be dissatisfied and frustrated with the pet food manufacturer. The lack of pet food would result in decreased sales, not increased sales. The relationship between the manufacturer and its suppliers would likely be damaged, since the suppliers would lose sales and customers from the lack of pet food.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2016, October 26). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supplychain-management-affect-manufacturing-companies-75841.html
73. B
Supply chain. Supply chain management is increasingly influenced by modern technology as new innovations such as digital warehouse management systems become widely available. Digital warehouse management systems help companies distribute products more efficiently by tracking inventory in realtime—a technology that allows for better supply chain management. This example does not illustrate the effect of technology on human resource, financial, or employee management.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: BR Williams. (2018, July 25). Where's my inventory? 7 benefits of choosing a warehouse with a digital warehouse management system. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.brwilliams.com/blog/7-benefits-of-choosing-warehouse-with-digital-warehousemanagement-system/
74. C
Determine the steps that employees need to follow to complete the project. Business process thinking is a method of thinking that emphasizes the importance of processes in business. Managers who use business process thinking would most likely focus on establishing the process that employees should follow before beginning a new project. While the end result is important in any project, managers who use business process thinking would place more emphasis on the process than the result when beginning a new project. They would not create a list of things employees should avoid doing during the project. Examining the financial implications of a project is important but does not describe business process thinking.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2016, August 3). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-processthinking.html
75. B
Work with experienced partners abroad. Working with a partner that has experience in a particular market can help companies learn about and mitigate the risks particular to that market. Hiring only local workers will not necessarily help manage risks; in fact, it could bring more risks due to different labor laws. Working within the same time zone might help eliminate some risks, but it will also limit the company's ability to expand into most markets. Finally, accepting lower quality levels will not manage risks; it can create more risk by making the company liable for defects.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July 27). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/6-globalsupply-chain-challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
76. C
Keep sensitive records encrypted. Encrypting sensitive data such as credit card information, phone numbers, and addresses can prevent security breaches that can lead to information theft. Accepting payments in cash only may prevent security breaches but would most likely hurt a business' sales. Requiring customers to show a form of identification would not prevent sensitive information from being leaked or stolen. Businesses should use their own dedicated server for storing sensitive data. Using a shared server is a risk because other people or companies may have access to the information stored on it.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2011, April 19). 8 ways to protect your customers' information. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/marketing/8-ways-to-protect-yourcustomers-information/
77. B
Set realistic goals. Your goals should be ambitious; however, if you set them too high, you will experience unnecessary frustration. Take advantage of all available resources to help you reach your goals. Vague, general goals are useless, as they do not give very much guidance for changing behavior. Only when the end results are positive will you be motivated to work toward a goal for a sustained length of time.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
78. A
Minimal input from others. Routine decisions are types of decisions that people make every day without much thought or input. For example, a business runs out of copy paper, so the purchasing manager orders some more. This type of decision does not need a lot of input from others, nor does it require the manager to write down the options, or analyze the risk. The decision is routine—the business cannot function without having the sufficient supplies.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
79. C
Career information. Many businesses and professional organizations maintain websites that often contain valuable career information. These sites may explain the types of jobs available in certain businesses, the necessary qualifications, and the pay ranges. The sites of professional organizations might also provide information about employment trends, such as which occupations are in demand. Accessing these websites is not a way to obtain work experience or interview appointments. The websites of businesses might include downloadable job applications, but the websites of professional organizations would not.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 876). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. C
General management. If Heather is the manager of the children's clothing department at a large department store, she has a general management career. She does not have a business analytics, operations management, or supply chain management career.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
81. C
Monitor trends in their occupations. A trend is defined as the general direction in which people or events are moving. Many people who monitor the trends in their occupation or profession can determine what skills they need to enhance or develop and take steps to educate themselves and become more marketable in their fields. For example, a graphic artist takes desktop publishing classes when software upgrades are released. By keeping up with the changes in the profession, the graphic artist learns skills that make her/his job easier as well as possessing skills that many employers or clients desire. Selfesteem, attitudes, and job acquisition might affect workers' ability to acquire skills but does not necessarily further their careers.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Rodabaugh, D. (2015, September 16). 25 creative ways to further your career. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://articles.bplans.com/25-creative-ways-ways-to-further-yourcareer/
82. A
Increases efficiency. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide order and structure for business. Having order and structure helps the business operate efficiently. The level of collaboration, teamwork, and creativity depends on the nature of the business and the business's work culture.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Kelchner, L. (2018, June 29). The importance of following the chain of command in business. Retrieved November 19, 2018 from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-followingchain-command-business-23560.html
83. C
Time-bound. SMART is the acronym for specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-bound, which are the characteristics of effective goals. In the example, the goal states that phase one of the project will be done by a specific date, making it time-bound. There is not enough information provided to determine if the stated completion date is realistic. Motivational and structured are not words that apply to SMART objectives.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Esposito, E. (2018, July 27). The essential guide to writing S.M.A.R.T. goals. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.smartsheet.com/blog/essential-guide-writing-smartgoals
84. D
Micromanage the project. Micromanagement occurs when the project manager excessively controls project activities. This practice often involves making decisions that team members can typically make themselves to perform and complete their work. Micromanagement tends to frustrate team members because it hinders their ability to perform their work efficiently. To avoid this problem, projectmanagement experts believe that the project manager should not provide too much detail in work packages, which allows the team members to make basic decisions that affect their work. This, in turn, frees the project manager's time to look at the “bigger picture” and address the major issues that come up during the execution phase of the project. Project managers must allocate project resources effectively to complete the project. Providing too much detail in work packages does not influence the need to allocate project resources, simplify project deliverables, or develop a SWOT analysis.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Mathis, M. (2018). Work breakdown structure: Purpose, process, and pitfalls. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.projectsmart.co.uk/work-breakdown-structure-purposeprocess-pitfalls.html
85. C
Motivating the team. Project managers can motivate team members by reinforcing positive behavior and by rewarding them for reaching certain goals. Offering an incentive such as a celebration luncheon can encourage team members to keep striving to achieve the team's goals. In this situation, the project manager is not expressing empathy, measuring goals, or offering a financial incentive, such as a bonus.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Allan, L. (2003-2018). Managing a project team. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.businessperform.com/html/project_team_management.html
86. C
Network diagram. A network diagram is used to plan and track the project from beginning to finish. A work breakdown structure shows the "part-whole" relationships in a project. In this example, the network diagram shows the major steps of the project from beginning to end. For example, each task in Kevin's project requires sub-steps that would be diagrammed in a work breakdown structure (e.g., sub-steps required to prepare house for painting: take down shutters, scrape off chipping paint, etc.). A scope management plan defines the project's purpose, rationale, the results to be achieved, and the products to be developed. A project charter is a written overview of a project that includes information such as the project purpose, goals, and products. It also identifies the project manager and authorizes him/her to begin work on the project.
SOURCE: PJ:010
SOURCE: Dummies. (n.d.). How to create a network diagram. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.dummies.com/careers/project-management/how-to-create-a-network-diagram/
87. D
Successes, failures, and suggestions for improvement. During the project's closing phase, the project manager, team, and stakeholders provide feedback for a “lessons-learned” document. The “lessonslearned” document summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future. Costs may be an issue addressed in the successes, failures, or suggestions for improvement areas of the document. Project managers develop the project charter and the statement of work during the initiation or beginning phase of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Project Management Docs. (n.d.). Lessons learned. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.projectmanagementdocs.com/project-closing-templates/lessonslearned.html#axzz4eFPJgKvT
88. A
Durability. If products are breaking for some reason, there is a product-durability problem. In Fisher's situation, products are breaking, and it needs to find out why, so it can take steps to fix the problem and restore or improve product quality. The problem might involve an issue with its vendors, if they are providing substitute or lower quality parts or raw materials. The problem might involve an issue with faulty machinery on the production line or untrained workers who are not assembling the item correctly. Volume is the amount or degree of something. Distribution is the business function of moving goods and products to the end users. Costs are expenses. The example does not illustrate a product-quality issue with volume, distribution, or costs.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
89. B
Six Sigma. Six Sigma is a popular quality management framework used by businesses around the world to ensure that their products are high quality and deliver maximum value to customers. These businesses usually rely on certain specially-trained personnel to implement Six Sigma methodologies. These individuals are known as Master Black Belts, Black Belts, Green Belts, etc. ITIL, which stands for Information Technology Infrastructure Library, consists of a set of publications which specify how to provide high-quality information technology (IT) services and ensure effective IT service management. Organizations use CMMI, short for Capability Maturity Model Integration, to increase process effectiveness and improve overall business performance. CMMI can be used in three distinct areas: product/service development, product/service management, and product/service acquisition. Neither ITIL nor CMMI uses martial arts terminology. Quality Max is fictitious.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: American Society for Quality. (2018). Six Sigma belts, executives and champions - What does it all mean? Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://asq.org/learn-about-quality/sixsigma/overview/belts-executives-champions.html
90. C
Monitoring data. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. By monitoring various data, the business can detect problems, which can help the business identify ways or opportunities for improvement. After the business identifies opportunities for improvement, it can set goals to improve quality. The improvement goals may or may not include budget and resource issues.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuousquality-improvement-cqi.html
91. D
Not being ethical. If an organization does not practice risk management, it is not being ethical because it is not preparing for the possibility of loss and treating its stakeholders fairly. It is not necessarily seeking a larger return on investment, treating customers fairly, or enhancing possibilities for gain.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
92. C
Return on investment risk. Cloud computing keeps businesses from having to invest in computer hardware, such as servers, and software, thereby avoiding return on investment risk. Instead, businesses pay a provider only for the services that they use—much like paying an electric bill. The contract with the provider can be ended at any time. Customers will probably receive better service since the business is not having down time when its computers malfunction. Speculative risk is the chance of loss or gain. Pure risk exists when, if something happens, it will result in a loss.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Coles, C. (2018, July 30). 11 advantages of cloud computing and how your business can benefit from them in 2018. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.skyhighnetworks.com/cloud-security-blog/11-advantages-of-cloud-computingand-how-your-business-can-benefit-from-them/
93. B
Liability. Risk retention groups are liability insurance companies owned by their members, who are typically businesses, professionals, and municipalities that are unable to acquire liability insurance from traditional insurance companies. Types of liability insurance that risk retention groups typically offer include errors and omissions, medical malpractice, directors and officers, product liability, professional liability, etc. Risk retention groups are not legally permitted to offer life, homeowners, or health insurance in most countries.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: International Risk Management Institute, Inc. (2017, April 12). Risk retention groups: A basic overview. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.captive.com/news/2017/04/12/risk-retention-groups-basic-overview
94. A
Setting goals. The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. An important aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes. All other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—are affected by the planning function. Monitoring work is an element of the control function of management. Training employees and assessing their performance are elements of the staffing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). How to do planning. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://managementhelp.org/planning/index.htm
95. A
Assigning responsibility. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Assigning responsibility (establishing levels of authority) is an organizing activity. Hiring talented workers is a staffing activity. Evaluating job performance is a controlling activity. Management can monitor and adapt to external conditions but cannot control them.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Functions of management. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
96. D
Higher employee turnover. When a business is understaffed, managers often expect employees to work longer hours. Employees who work longer hours over a long period of time often become burned out and dissatisfied with their jobs, prompting them to look for new jobs and leave the company. Therefore, a business may experience higher employee turnover under these circumstances. When there is a shortage of employees to help customers, customers may become dissatisfied with the business. In some situations, businesses must pay overtime to employees, so the business's payroll expenses may actually increase. Sales quotas are specific goals set for members of the sales force. Understaffing can occur in areas other than the sales department; therefore, businesses do not always lower sales quotas when they are understaffed.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Nestor-Harper, M. (2017, November 21). Understaffing issues in the workplace. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/understaffing-issues-workplace46884.html
97. C
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Directing activities include motivating, leading, and disciplining workers. When a manager encourages an employee to do something, the manager is performing a directing activity. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Recruiting is a staffing activity. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Directing function of management. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
98. D
Concurrent control. Concurrent controls monitor business activities as they are being performed. The assistant bank manager watched and listened to her tellers carrying out their jobs, realized that there was a problem, and immediately corrected the problem. Preventive controls take place before a business activity takes place, while feedback controls occur after a business activity has been completed. Post controls, more commonly referred to as postcontrols, are feedback controls.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Dontigney, E. (2016, October 26). Examples of concurrent control in management. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-concurrent-controlmanagement-80471.html
99. B
Implement and adjust to new processes and procedures. Change management is a set of strategies designed to ensure that changes in an organization are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. Change management does not enable organizations to make immediate changes to things that employees dislike, and it is not intended to satisfy only the wants and needs of the most valuable employees. Change management is not intended to improve an organization's operations and logistics management practices.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Change management. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
100. C
Top-down and bottom-up dialogue among all employees. In order for change management to be successful, all employees must be engaged in the change. Therefore, both senior managers and lower level employees need to be involved in active dialogue for the smooth implementation of a new process or procedure. Dialogue among upper management employees only, decision-making by top managers without staff input, and dialogue only among entry-level employees would all result in valuable perspectives and ideas being excluded from the change management process.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: TwentyEighty Strategy Execution, Inc. (2015). The change management life cycle: How to involve your people to ensure success at every stage. Retrieved November 19, 2018, from https://www.strategyex.com/~/media/Files/Public-Site/US/POVs/ChangeManagement
Test 1207
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Sales contract. A purchase order is a form that a business fills out to order goods. Because the order indicates that the business is willing to do something (pay for the items it orders) in exchange for something else (take possession of the goods), the purchase order serves as a sales contract. An open order is a type of purchase order in which buyers place the order with the supplier that can best meet the needs or criteria (e.g., price) for a particular item. Because accounts receivable is an accounting activity that involves collecting payment for the goods and services that the business offers, a purchase order is not an accounts-receivable document. A letter of intent is a letter that declares the writer's intention to do something. A purchase order is a form rather than a letter.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: USLegal.com. (2001-2019). Sales contracts law & legal definition. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from http://definitions.uslegal.com/s/sales-contracts/
2. C
Clean water. The company violated the clean water laws by dumping toxic waste into a river. Clean air laws regulate emissions and other air pollutants. Food quality laws regulate the quality of the food supply. Endangered species laws protect animals, fish, and birds in danger of becoming extinct.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: Comprehensive edition (12th ed.) [p. 939]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
3. C
The employer does not think it will be able to win the case. A party may offer a settlement if it believes it has little chance to win a case. In this example, Jon's employer does not believe it will win, so it may offer a settlement. A settlement is a way to avoid the case going to court. Jon may or may not think he will win the case, but this does not influence his former employer's actions.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: Thompson, V. (2019). Do companies try to settle harassment claims out of court? Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/companies-try-settle-harassmentclaims-out-court-15821.html
4. A
Private. Arbitration is private and not public or handled in the courts. Arbitration is consensual. Both parties must sign an agreement assenting to arbitration. Arbitration is neutral, not biased. Arbitration is final and binding, not temporary.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Ellis, J., & Harris, B. (2017, November 26). What is an arbitration? Retrieved September 4, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-arbitration.htm
5. A
Following company procedures. Policies are the general rules to be followed by company personnel. For example, a business owner may develop a policy that states the company will reimburse employees for certain business-related expenses. A procedure is the step-by-step process that personnel follow in performing a specific task. In the example, Luke was following certain steps to obtain reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses that he incurred—obtaining and completing the appropriate form, attaching receipts, and submitting the documentation to his manager. In the example, Luke did not develop the policies, evaluate company feedback, or assess company guidelines.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Bizmanualz, Inc. (1999-2019). What's the difference between policies and procedures? Retrieved August 26, 2019, from https://www.bizmanualz.com/write-better-policies/whatsthe-difference-between-policies-and-procedures.html
6. A
Pronounce your words correctly. The correct use and pronunciation of words is essential to effective oral communication. Mispronunciation creates an unfavorable impression; it can embarrass the speaker; and it may also fail to communicate the intended message. Trying to impress listeners may create a barrier to good communication. It is not necessary to know your listeners to communicate effectively. You need to attract and hold your listeners' attention, not distract them.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.). [p. 219]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. D
To gain the audience's attention. Effective introductions gain the audience's attention. Supporting details are usually provided in the middle of a presentation. A speaker might outline the main points to be discussed in his/her opening remarks, but summarizing the talk would occur at the end. An effective introduction might include a funny story to gain the audience's attention, but there are many other methods that could be used to capture the audience's attention as well.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
8. A
Active listening. To take meaningful notes, you must listen to what the speaker is saying. To pick up on the key points, you must actively listen. Effective note-taking does not involve capturing every detail of the presentation, nor does it involve the use of creative thinking techniques. And although it may be helpful for some individuals, effective notes do not need to be formatted as an outline.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Miami University. (n.d.). Note-taking and active listening. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from https://miamioh.instructure.com/courses/62085/pages/note-taking-and-active-listening
9. C
Understand the process you are explaining. To write accurate instructions, you must be knowledgeable about the sequence and content of steps required for completion of the task. Instructions should consist of simple, brief statements that are written from the employee's perspective. Although instructions should be as brief as possible, the type and complexity of the process or activity will dictate the length of the instructions.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: MindTools.com. (2019). Writing skills: getting your written message across clearly. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from https://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/WritingSkills.htm
10. D
Go right to the point. The opening paragraph of a business letter should explain the reason for writing and go right to the point. Effective business letters do not waste the reader's time by providing a lot of unnecessary information, but they immediately go to the point and capture the reader's attention. The letter does not need to be formal, but it should contain specific details and have personal appeal for the reader.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.). [p. 219]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
11. C
Recommending solutions. An analytical report involves examining opinions, facts, and data about an issue, idea, or problem. Recommendations are placed at the end of the report after the issue has been defined and all of the pertinent information has been presented. The introduction of the report should define the problem. If research was conducted, the research techniques used are described in the methodology section of the report, which should appear before the recommendations and conclusions section of the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Hamilton, S. (2017, April 17). What is an analytical report? Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://penandthepad.com/info-8708712-analytical-report.html
12. A
Cause and effect. Cause-and-effect reports provide information about a variety of scenarios under different circumstances—if action A and B happens, then the probable result will be X. By developing a cause-and-effect report, a business can analyze different situations and probable outcomes. The business can consider the pros and cons of each scenario to determine which action will be best for the business. An interpretive report provides the writer's perception of a specific topic. Individuals working in the humanities and social-science fields often develop interpretive reports to clarify or interpret ancient texts and complex cognitive concepts. Jury of executive opinion is a qualitative forecasting method that gathers opinions from company executives. An argumentative report provides facts and data about two sides of a controversial issue.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (2017, March 7). How to write a cause and effect essay. Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://penandthepad.com/write-cause-effect-essay-2099899.html
13. A
Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking. Speakers often ask other meeting participants if they have questions after they finish their presentations. Therefore, Danielle should ask her question after Mark finishes his presentation, when he asks if anyone has questions. Interrupting Mark while he is speaking to ask a question is disruptive and rude. Other meeting participants may not think of the same question that Danielle has, so she should not rely on others to ask the question. Danielle should not wait until the next meeting because the information Mark provides may be outdated or forgotten by that point.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
14. D
Touchpoints. When a business strives to make every customer experience a positive one, it is remembering its touchpoints. When a business remembers its touchpoints, it shows that it recognizes the importance of each interaction in building positive customer relations. Touchpoints don't necessarily relate to internal customers, competition, or the business's history.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Product quality. Poor-quality products that do not perform properly or break are a common cause for complaint. Other causes include the business itself, its policies, and its personnel. Price reductions are usually pleasing to customers. Extended hours give customers more time to shop. Institutional ads promote the image of the business and are not likely to be the subject of complaints.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
16. A
A delivery truck. A capital good is any manufactured or constructed item that is used to produce goods and services. While natural resources are provided by nature, capital goods are created by people. Capital goods can come in many forms, such as equipment, machinery, and tools. Delivery trucks are capital goods because they enable producers to operate businesses and make products available to consumers. Iron ore and weather conditions are both considered natural resources. A natural resource is any resource that is found in nature and used to produce goods and services. Human resources are people who are valued for the work they do to produce goods and services. This includes truck drivers, who are in charge of delivering raw materials and/or finished goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. C
Engage in lobbying efforts. Businesses must be prepared to take action when changes in the regulatory environment occur because these factors can affect the ways in which businesses operate. Lobbying is a practice in which a person or group attempts to influence lawmakers to pass or block certain legislation. Businesses cannot veto legislation. In the United States, the president has veto power, which means that s/he can reject bills passed by Congress. Judges sign warrants, which are legal orders that authorize certain actions such as making an arrest or searching property. An estate attorney handles legal issues that involve the passage of property from a deceased person to his/her heirs. Hiring an estate attorney will not help the business influence legislation and protect its interests in the regulatory environment.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting Business Environment)
18. A
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all advantages of private enterprise.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
19. B
The business owns the building in which it operates. Businesses that own buildings and land must pay property taxes to the government at specific intervals. The property-tax amount is based on the value of the land and building. The value of the land and building is affected by many factors, such as the location of the property. When the value of a business's goods or equipment decreases over time, it is known as depreciation. When it sells land or a building, a business pays a capital-gains tax, which is based on the difference between the purchase price and the higher selling price. Sales tax is typically charged on nonessential goods such as candy, books, and shampoo. Businesses (e.g., retailers) that sell the goods collect the sales tax from their customers and give the money to the government at set intervals.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2019, June 17). All taxes your business must pay. Retrieved August 23, 2019, from thebalancesmb.com/all-the-taxes-your-business-must-pay-399045
20. B
Spending money. If consumers do not go out and spend, businesses have less revenue to bounce back during a recession. Businesses will then lay off more employees who, in turn, will spend less, and the recession will deepen. Saving, collecting, or earning money will keep it from being reinvested in the economy, thereby not helping the economy grow.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Mankiw, N.G. (2018). Principles of economics (8th ed.) [Lesson 34-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
21. A
All purchases of capital goods. If a business trades a piece of equipment for a new piece, the total value of the new piece is counted for GDP, not the difference. Inventories produced in the current year are also counted but not those produced in previous years. Exports are a separate category of GDP. The purchases by private individuals are counted as personal consumption expenditures.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
22. A
A language barrier. Culture influences verbal communication, even in countries that basically speak the same language. In those countries, different words for objects and different modes of expressing ideas cause misunderstandings and may be language barriers. Economic differences are differences in economic status. A business subculture refers to a group of people who share similar characteristics within a larger business context. Businesspeople who do not understand certain language terms are uninformed rather than uneducated.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Mankiw, N.G. (2018). Principles of economics (8th ed.) [Lesson 2-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
23. B
Encouraging others who are sad. It is important to identify actions or choices that are in accordance with your values. If kindness is the value, a behavior that correlates to that might be encouraging others who are sad, trying to lift their spirits, and supporting them in difficult times. Always telling the truth, getting a job promotion, and avoiding difficult tasks are not necessarily related to kindness.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
24. C
Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility. Increased job responsibility is just one benefit of demonstrating initiative. If you possess initiative, you are ready, willing, and able to both think and act on your own. You do not have to be prodded or urged to do so. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations, especially in the field of business. To be viewed as a person with initiative, your willingness to think and act on your own should be reflected in all areas of your life.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
25. C
To do what everyone else does. Employees who behave unethically often justify their actions by believing that everyone else does it. Some employees may see their coworkers use company equipment for personal projects, and then do the same themselves. Most employees realize that such behavior is unethical and use "everyone else does it" as an excuse. Unethical behavior would not result in long-term positive customer relations. Most people would not want their unethical behavior to be publicized. Although some people may behave unethically to become managers, it is not a main reason for unethical behavior.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: LAP-EI-004—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
26. A
Probability. Since Ian doesn't think it is likely to rain, he likely considered the probability of rain. There is no indication that Ian is assessing the threat of rain with a forecast. Magnitude and severity both refer to the size of a risk, not whether it is likely to occur or not.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
27. C
Self-esteem. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your selfconfidence and self-esteem. Self-esteem is respect you have for yourself. When you respect yourself, you want to take responsibility for your life. Good grades, a strong work portfolio, and physical fitness are wonderful things, but you can still take responsibility without having them.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
28. A
They are kind and considerate. Positive people are kind and considerate, so others typically want to be around them. For this reason, positive people enjoy better personal relationships. People who put themselves first and are usually in a bad mood would probably not enjoy good personal relationships. These are characteristics common in negative people. Although positive people usually maintain good personal hygiene, it isn't necessarily the primary reason why they enjoy good personal relationships.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
29. A
Understanding. Being an understanding person is necessary for empathy. You don't need to share the same experiences that someone else has had, but you do need to understand where they are "coming from." Honesty is truthfulness. Open-mindedness is keeping your mind open to new thoughts, ideas, and approaches.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
30. A
Projects. A project is any type of undertaking, or task, that has a distinct beginning and end and that creates a unique good or service. Organizing your sock drawer, throwing a party, and building a bookshelf are examples of projects. These are not goals, product ideas, or planning methods.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
31. C
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility, and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility, also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
32. B
Marie encourages her team not to take shortcuts to achieve results. Persistence is the ability to continue working at a task or idea until the desired outcome is achieved. Patience is enduring life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. Persistence and patience are both important to ethical leadership because being ethical is not always an easy or quick process. It can be tempting to take shortcuts or give up on the ethical route to achieve quick results. An ethical leader such as Marie practices both persistence and patience in difficult situations, rather than taking shortcuts. A team captain yelling at her teammates to motivate them is not demonstrating patience or persistence. If your teacher grades and returns tests on time, s/he is responsible but not necessarily persistent or patient. Finally, Jalen is being altruistic by giving back to organizations in his community rather than demonstrating patience or persistence.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
33. C
Do not get along with their coworkers. Although employees lose their jobs for a variety of reasons, studies indicate that the primary reason is failure to get along with coworkers. A worker who does not get along with others usually is not very happy or productive and may cause problems in the workplace. Complaining about unsatisfactory pay is not a reason to be fired. Taking too many days off work and not being able to do all job tasks are problems that can be corrected.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
34. B
Employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company. It can be tempting for entrepreneurs to "sugarcoat" the amount of time and effort that will be needed from employees—but this approach is destined to backfire. Employees who are hired under the impression that they will only work 20 hours per week, for example, will certainly not appreciate it when they are told they actually need to work 30 or 40, especially if their compensation doesn't increase accordingly. If workers are consistently overburdened, they are unlikely to stay with the company for very long—and will probably resent the company's management in the meantime. Entrepreneurs shouldn't discriminate against people with busy personal lives when hiring employees. Many people are able to effectively balance an active personal and professional life. Being honest is important so that employees know what to expect at work. The primary purpose of honesty in the employee search is not to "weed out" people who are not dedicated to the job—it's to provide transparency for all prospective workers. It is legal for employees to work more than 40 hours per week.
SOURCE: EN:044
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
35. C
Exceed the rate of inflation. When making investments, it is important to consider the time value of money, which is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Earnings from investments can come in different forms, such as accumulated interest from debt securities or dividends from equity securities. At the end of the investment period, a successful investment will yield more money than the investor started with. However, it is important to consider the rate of inflation—which is an increase in prices of goods and services. If inflation increases more rapidly than the investment earns (e.g., 10%) during the investment period, then the value of money earned will not yield the desired results. Documents and forms do not affect the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Segal, T. (2019, June 25). What is inflation and how should it affect my investing? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/what-is-inflation-andhow-should-it-affect-investing/
36. C
Operate as cooperative financial institutions. Credit unions are nonprofit lending institutions owned by their members. They provide loans to members and may offer a variety of services, but they do not offer more services than banks. The members of a credit union could be individuals who work for the same company, are in the same profession, or belong to the same union.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. D
Transportation. Financial needs are purchases that are necessary and should be included in one's financial decision-making. Transportation is a financial need because Antonio needs a way to get to and from classes, work, home, etc. Tickets for sporting events, apartment decorations, and fitness classes are not financial needs because they are not necessary expenses.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 4.1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
38. D
Incur fees and penalties. If you are not aware of the deposits and purchases in your checking account, you might incur fees and penalties for overdrawing your account or having a check bounce. Not keeping up with your checking account balance will not necessarily lead to having your identity stolen. You will not prevent fraudulent charges or challenge the bank's authority by not keeping up with the balance of your checking account.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Klein, A. (2019, September 5). Tips to keep your checking account balanced. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.tropicalfcu.com/blog/tips-to-keep-your-checkingaccount-balanced
39. C
Pay your credit card balance in full. Paying your credit card balance in full each month will help you avoid accumulating excessive debt. It's okay to buy goods and services that aren't necessities, as long as you have enough money in your budget to afford them. You should avoid purchasing expensive items using credit unless you can genuinely afford them, since purchases accumulate interest fees when paid on credit. It would be unwise to spend your monthly paycheck immediately.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 8.3b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
40. A
Clear and consistent. The accounting function is responsible for collecting and reporting a business's financial information. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. By requiring businesses to follow the same standards and rules, financial reports are prepared in a consistent way, so the information is clear, objective, and transparent to all people who read and work with financial information. Subjective information is open for interpretation. The information in a financial document does not have to be adjusted to adhere to established guidelines.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., Jones, J.P., & Taylor, W.B. (2020). Financial and managerial accounting (15th ed.). [Lesson 1-2a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
41. C
Collected. Only collected money is recorded under cash receipts. For example, if a business expects to make $5,000 from cash sales and $2,000 from credit sales, it records only the $5,000 in the cash receipts column. The $2,000 in credit sales is referred to as accounts receivable and should not be recorded until it is actually collected, otherwise the business will appear to have more money on hand than it actually does. Cost of goods is the amount of money a business pays for the products it will sell and often is a sizeable expense. Expenses are listed in the cash payments column rather than in the cash receipts column.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
42. B
$4,280,100. Free cash flow is the capital that a company has left at the end of a year after paying all of its expenses and making any necessary new capital expenditures. Investors often calculate a company's free cash flow to determine whether the company has funds to pay dividends to investors. The formula used to calculate free cash flow is Free Cash Flow = Cash Flow From Operations - Capital Expenditures. To determine the company's free cash flow, simply subtract the capital expenditures noted from the given cash flow from operations ($5,260,300 - $980,200 = $4,280,100).
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Jagerson, J. (2019, May 20). Free cash flow (FCF). Retrieved August 28, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/freecashflow.asp
43. B
Coworkers. A new employee's coworkers often are instrumental in orienting the person by answering routine questions. Coworkers are able to explain the day-to-day activities on the job and answer general questions about where supplies are kept and when to take breaks. Coworkers help new employees feel a part of the group and make them comfortable with their new surroundings. Top-level managers may welcome new employees on their first day but usually do not have direct contact with them while they learn their jobs. Recruiters help locate and hire new employees but do not participate in orientation. The human resources staff usually helps new employees fill out necessary paperwork but may not be involved in orienting them to their specific jobs.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 263). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. A
Managed. Because knowledge is so valuable and can have such a profound impact, it needs to be managed appropriately so that the organization can effectively utilize it. However, this does not necessarily mean that it should be either unrestricted or prohibited. Delegating is not related to the value of knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002—Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
45. B
Incident-management software. Incident-management software helps the company detect and record production issues. As a result, it can help employees identify problems, share information, and work together to solve problems, such as bottlenecks in the production process, more quickly. Mind-mapping software facilitates creative thinking and product innovation. Public domain technology, such as software and databases, are not owned by any one entity and can be used by the general public for free or for a fee. An accounting database stores financial data such as sales transactions.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Yeary, J. (2018, January 29). The benefits of a successful itil incident management system. Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://blog.samanage.com/help-desk-software/thebenefits-of-a-successful-incident-management-system/
46. A
Observation. Observation involves obtaining information by watching others perform a task or activity. A business can obtain knowledge about work-task processes by observing employees performing their jobs. The manager is not rationalizing or imitating the employee's behavior. There is not sufficient information provided to determine if the manager is asking questions or interrogating the employee.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Garfield, S. (2018, April 23). 10 types of knowledge management strategies. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://medium.com/@stangarfield/10-types-of-knowledgemanagement-strategies-f947f28599a7
47. D
Sharing. Sharing of knowledge occurs when knowledge is communicated to others, as is the case with Ralph's video conference. Acquisition is the process of gaining or gathering knowledge. Creation is developing new content. Refinement is taking knowledge and making it understandable and usable.
SOURCE: KM:018
SOURCE: Sampath, S. (2018, June 13). 8 ways to capture tacit knowledge in organizations. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://medium.com/@savitha84/8-ways-to-capture-tacitknowledge-536ef990b82d
48. D
Pricing. This marketing function involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Pricing includes setting an amount to charge a customer for a product, which usually is based on the item's cost, expenses, and desired profit. Communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome is promotion. Risk management, which is not a marketing function, involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit business loss. Channel management involves identifying, selecting, monitoring, and evaluating sales channels.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
49. C
Access a database. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. Most businesses maintain a database of information that is relevant to the business, such as lists of customers and vendors, inventory levels, prices of materials, etc. When businesses need information, they access the database to obtain the data efficiently. For example, a business could access a database to find out how many customers in a certain area purchased a specific product during a specified time period. Scheduling an interview, reading a book, and contacting a competitor are not ways for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.). [Lesson 11.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
50. B
Increased use of outsourcing. Increased use of outsourcing is a current trend in information management. There is more incoming information (usually in the form of electronic documents) than ever, as well as increased competition.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
51. B
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards. Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or screen.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.). [Lesson 11.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
52. D
Browser bookmarking applications. Browsers are computer software that retrieve information from the World Wide Web. They have bookmarking applications that allow computer users to select websites and store their URLs on a personal computer for easy access in the future. Bookmarking applications allow users to organize sites by categories by placing them into folders on a computer. Notebooks are not online tools. An intranet is an internal network, similar to the Internet, that is accessible only by authorized employees. A word-processing memo template formats a type of written message.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Computer Hope. (2019, June 30). Bookmark. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/b/bookmark.htm
53. C
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: WiseGEEK. (2003-2019). What is groupware? Retrieved August 26, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm
54. A
Make decisions. Project-management software helps project managers automate, schedule, and track the various project components by computer. If used appropriately, the software can help a project run efficiently. One thing software cannot do is make decisions. Individuals make decisions that are often based on input entered into the computer.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Appendix A]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
55. D
Communicating the benefits of the data change. When data change occurs, it is important to obtain employees' support by demonstrating the benefits of the change to employees. Ignoring errors that come up during implementation is not a good idea because those errors will cause problems later. Management should make staff aware of specific data changes—not just inform that they will occur continuously. Finally, data change should not occur during a busy time of year because it could cause problems and affect the efficiency of the organization.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Hawley, J. (2017, March 9). 10 best practices in change management. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from http://www.quickbase.com/blog/10-best-practices-in-change-management
56. A
Needs and product preferences of its customers. Businesses keep many types of records about their customers. Sales-call reports, sales follow-up reports, and invoices provide a lot of information about a particular customer. By maintaining these types of records, the business can review the information at any given time to determine a particular customer's buying habits, buying patterns, and product preferences. By learning about a customer's preferences, the business can help the customer with future buying decisions. Helping customers with their buying decisions often builds trusting and long-term buyer-seller relationships. Customer records will not help the business determine the goals and motivation of its major competitors, the performance levels of it marketing staff, or the productivity levels of its operational efforts.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Fowler, A.R. (2016). Marketing (4th ed.). [Lesson 5.2.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
57. B
Plan special sales. Businesses monitor internal inventory records to keep track of the type and quantity of products that are in stock. By monitoring this information, businesses can identify an oversupply of certain products, or products that are slow sellers. The inventory records help businesses decide when it would be appropriate to plan a special sale to get rid of excess inventory or slow-selling items. Keeping these items in stock ties up money that the business could use to buy new products that customers want to buy. Businesses do not monitor internal inventory records to obtain the information needed to organize new displays, evaluate vendors, or create safety rules.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Fowler, A.R. (2016). Marketing (4th ed.). [Lesson 5.2.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
58. C
Safety inspections. Governments develop regulations to ensure the safety of workers. Some government regulations require that businesses have their machinery inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that the business is complying with safety regulations. During the inspection, the inspector might identify problems or hazards that compromise worker safety. By identifying the problems, the business can take corrective action to ensure worker safety and to be in compliance. Undergoing accounting audits, security analyses, and ethics training programs are not actions that will identify workplace hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Becraft, M.B. (2017). Business management (14th ed.) [Lesson 23.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
59. A
Assigning the wrong person to a job. One of the tasks that project managers do during the planning phase is delegating work to various members of the project team. It is important to do so ethically by paying attention to people's strengths, interests, abilities, and time constraints. Project managers should not give jobs to people who are not qualified to do the work required of the roles. Because the designer has no experience, s/he might not have been the best person for the job, which causes issues for the project as a whole. There is no indication that the project manager covered up wrongdoing/blamed others, used money inappropriately, or violated workers' rights.
SOURCE: OP:675
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
60. C
Learns from coworkers. When employees regularly share ideas and techniques, they learn from each other and gain new knowledge and skills. Earning more income, viewing his/her work environment positively, and working from home are all great benefits an employee can gain, but they do not necessarily help an employee grow.
SOURCE: EI:130
SOURCE: LAP-EI-130—Genius Is a Team Sport (Collaborating With Others)
61. A
To plan for the unexpected. When identifying resources, it is important to be realistic. This often means planning for the unexpected because it's not a good idea to assume that everything will go correctly. Therefore, it is important to build in a safety net, or padding, in case something happens. For example, allow a little more time in the event that project members need to deal with other activities. It is not a good idea to try to cut corners and get by with less than you really need. Building in a safety net does not involve finding substitutes or obtaining financial support.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
62. B
Tracking deadlines. It is important to track deadlines while a project is being completed so that the project does not fall behind schedule. Also, one part of a project may need to be completed before another part can begin. Project managers make sure everyone is focusing on the same objective rather than changing the objective. Project managers usually give directions that workers are expected to follow. Effective project managers encourage others to do their part rather than give orders.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (6th ed.) [pp. 185-192]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
63. D
Customer dissatisfaction and loss of business. Purchasers should try to obtain goods and services at the lowest possible price; however, this should not be done if the quality of the product will be sacrificed. When purchasers do opt to buy inferior parts, they will find that the customers will complain about faulty products. This can ultimately result in a loss of business. Although customers may initially be satisfied with the low prices, they will not be satisfied with the product in the long run and are not likely to become repeat customers.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
64. B
Specifications and deadlines. The request for quotation (RFQ) summarizes the details about a business's needs, bid requirements (guidelines), and deadlines. The business should include statistical data if the prospective vendor needs them to respond to the RFQ. Businesses typically do not include prices, purchase orders, discounts, and checklists in their RFQs.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2019, March 1). Five steps of a bidding process. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/five-steps-bidding-process-23870.html
65. D
Collaborative. A collaborative attitude involves a willingness to work together to achieve mutually beneficial goals. Collaboration requires honest, objective, and ongoing communication. When businesses are willing to work together, they are more likely to build positive long-term relationships. Creative, influential, and reflective (thoughtful) attitudes are helpful and can enhance collaboration, but having a collaborative attitude is the key to fostering successful, long-term relationships with vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 3.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
66. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements, the vendor needs to custom-make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2019, January 3). Special order. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/2019/1/3/special-order
67. C
Grain, minerals, leather, and oil. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) usually maintain an inventory of items that they use to produce their goods. Grain, minerals, leather, and petroleum are examples of products that a business might use to make cereal, jewelry, coats, and gasoline, respectively. Paper, bolts, and leather may be classified as raw materials, if they are being used to produce finished goods. Ore is a mineral. Staplers, tables, and household cleansers are finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 7.2a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
68. D
Its concession strategy. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. Effective negotiators plan the points that they are willing to concede before going to the negotiating table. By giving up or agreeing to something that is not important, the business uses its concession as leverage to get the vendor to agree to something that is important to the business. Some points that businesses negotiate with the vendor are the lead time for an order, discounts, and shipping terms. The business considers its purchasing power when planning its overall negotiating strategy.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: O'Brien, J. (2017, April 6). Winning negotiation techniques. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.procurementleaders.com/blog/blog/winning-negotiation-techniques— 676220#.XW6rjShKiM8
69. B
To minimize errors. Quality control involves ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. Most businesses use some type of quality-control method at work to achieve excellence and minimize errors. Quality-control methods vary depending on the type of business, but they are all intended to help the business operate efficiently and correctly. An example of a quality-control method might be having two people conduct an inventory count to minimize the possibility that one person will make a mistake. Businesses do not use quality-control methods to organize employees, attract vendors, or guarantee safety.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 15-5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
70. D
Rent. Fixed costs are business expenses that do not change with changes in sales volume. Fixed costs include items such as salaries, rent, mortgage, and property taxes. Variable costs are business costs that change and include commissions, delivery charges, and cost of goods sold.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
71. A
Building relationships with vendors. Supply chain management is the process of getting products into the marketplace. One aspect of supply chain management is building relationships with vendors to ensure a smooth product flow from production to consumers. Creating advertising campaigns, forecasting sales, and hiring new employees are not aspects of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1.4a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
72. D
Staying in compliance with laws and regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Risk management deals largely with minimizing the possibility of risk to the ongoing operation of a business. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may be sued or fined, which could result in substantial financial losses or significant disruption to operations. Preparing operational budgets, determining appropriate advertising media, and setting product prices relate to other areas of marketing and management that do not directly involve risk management.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2018, October 15). Importance of compliance in business. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-compliance-business71173.html
73. D
Lets them know why they succeeded or failed. Processes are sets of steps used to reach an outcome. Process thinking means keeping processes in mind throughout a project or business venture. Process thinking helps organizations know why they succeeded or failed because they can look back at and assess the process that was used, which is usually the cause of success or failure. Process thinking does not enable organizations to find out who to blame for issues because it shifts the focus from people to processes. Process thinking encourages documentation rather than helping organizations avoid it. Finally, process thinking encourages collaboration between departments rather than keeping work separate.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2019). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-processthinking.html
74. B
Competition. Competition is one of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its business processes. Although desire for growth, low employee morale, and high operating costs are reasons to change business processes, these are all internal factors.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Gleeson, P. (2019, February 12). Factors that may cause change in an organization. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/factors-may-causechange-organization-203.html
75. A
Technology. Technology has led to significant changes in shipment tracking, and has, therefore, affected supply chain management. Globalization, economic downturns, and production changes can also significantly affect supply chain management, but do not relate directly to online shipment tracking.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
76. A
So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed. Companies should make inventories of their digital information so that it can be easily accessed when it is needed, and so that no important data are lost. It is not necessarily true that employees don't use their computers wisely. Most employees use their computers appropriately and responsibly. Companies do not make inventories of their information to prevent IT professionals from stealing company data or to keep tabs on what employees are doing online.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: Parrish, S. (2014, February 18). Planning steps to protect your digital assets. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/steveparrish/2014/02/18/planningstepsto-protect-your-digital-assets/#32a3662def0c
77. C
Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often because, as technology changes and hackers become more sophisticated, what was a good strategy five years ago may not be effective today. Protecting digital data is an important task for everyone in the company, not just the IT department. If a company fails to adequately protect its data, customers will likely have a negative perception of that company. Protecting digital customer data is necessary for businesses of all sizes.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Casey, K. (2013, January 28). 6 steps to better customer data protection. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from http://www.darkreading.com/risk-management/6-steps-to-bettercustomer-data-protection/d/d-id/1108392
78. A
Prioritize tasks. Prioritizing tasks involves ranking the tasks in the order of their importance. This helps employees decide which tasks are absolutely essential and should be completed first. In some cases, routine tasks can or should be set aside momentarily to finish essential tasks. Relying on coworkers is not a good way for an employee to carry out his/her job responsibilities. Rushing through the day's work may cause employees to make too many mistakes. A planned, systematic approach is the best way to accomplish work tasks.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-3a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
79. D
Saving enough to buy a concert ticket. A short-term goal is an objective or want that takes less than a year to achieve—normally set for a day, week, or month. Saving money for any purpose, such as purchasing a concert ticket, is a financial goal. Starting your own business would be a career goal that includes long-term financial goals. Walking a mile every day is a physical goal. Getting a promotion within five years is a long-term career goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
80. B
Helping his office run faster and more efficiently. Employees who work in office management use critical thinking and problem-solving skills to help their offices run faster and more efficiently. Packaging and distributing warehouse orders, helping customers decide how to invest their money, and creating a marketing plan for a new product are not typical job duties for employees in office management.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-297—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
81. B
Telephone number. Résumés should contain personal information about an individual such as full name, address, telephone number, etc. Year of graduation is considered to be educational information. The names of parents would not be included in a résumé. If an applicant was previously employed, the former rate of pay would be included as work information.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 336-337]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
82. A
Health and safety. Keeping employees healthy and safe is one of the most important tasks that an organization must do. In the business world, work-related illnesses or injuries are not only harmful to employees but can also cause legal trouble for the company. Codes of conduct generally include rules that aim to protect people from anything that could endanger them or cause health issues. ABC Corp. is keeping its employees safe from weather-related accidents. This situation does not relate to discrimination, conflicts of interest, or insubordination.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
83. C
Organizational. Organizational goals affect the overall organization. Organizational goals may involve things such as increasing efficiency levels, growing the business, or expanding market share. Ideological goals involve the vision and general purpose of the company's existence. Financial goals address the company's income and expenses. Inputs are resources that are used to produce outputs.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 3-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
84. C
Why are we doing this project? The purpose of the project defines the reason for the project. Defining the purpose is critical because the project's goals, activities, and deliverables are based upon the purpose statement. To define the purpose, stakeholders need to determine why the project needs to be done. What the project will produce is asked when determining deliverables. Questions about the materials and the project team are related to resources that will be needed to complete the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 4-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
85. C
Work breakdown structure dictionary. A work breakdown structure dictionary is a resource that accompanies a work breakdown structure and provides relevant information on each component of the WBS. A scope statement is a written description of major deliverables, assumptions, objectives, and constraints of a project. A resource breakdown structure hierarchically organizes and demonstrates all of a project team's resources. A project charter is a document written during the initiation phase that explains the overview, approach, and approval of a project.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Casagrande, F. (2018, November 28). WBS dictionary. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.projectmanagement.com/wikis/397396/WBS-Dictionary
86. C
Tracking a milestone. Tracking milestones is a control activity that project managers perform. Milestones are the major points or phases in a project's life cycle that have been reached. In the situation described, the software-development phase is a milestone because it was completed, which means the project can proceed to the next stage of the project. Because this phase of the project was running ahead of schedule, the project manager is not evaluating a time constraint or assessing a setback. There is no information provided to determine if the project manager has decided to change a process.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 2-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
87. C
Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person and is an important aspect of effectively managing a project team. Delegation involves matching project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform them. Because Nina gives Milton the authority to prepare the team's weekly status report, she is delegating responsibility. Bill is providing Peter with critical feedback. Stan is asking Joanna and Tom to help him brainstorm ideas to solve a problem. Anne is conducting a staffing activity by determining that Bob possesses skills that she needs for her project team.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 10-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
88. A
Objectives have been achieved. When a project closes, it ends. Before closing a project, all members involved with the project—the project manager, project team members, and the stakeholders—must determine that the project objectives have been achieved. After all of the involved parties agree that the project objectives have been achieved, then they conduct activities to close the project, such as obtaining feedback about processes, preparing final reports, dispersing equipment and supplies, and releasing project team members. Some project team members may resume regular duties; however, some team members are contracted workers and their employment ends when the project ends. The project manager, team members, and stakeholders do not need to agree that resources have been used efficiently or that the project stayed within budget to close the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 9-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
89. C
Methodology. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management methodology. A methodology is a set of principles or guidelines, rather than a technique. It is not a questionnaire. A company may or may not require Six Sigma to be implemented.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. B
Higher demand. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase the business's productivity levels. Increased productivity levels result in increased outputs, lower costs, and increased revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. A premium is an item that a business offers to the purchasers of a particular product. Offering premiums to customers and increasing product options do not impact the continuous quality-improvement efforts of a business's products.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuousquality-improvement-cqi.html
91. A
Act ethically themselves. If a company’s top leaders are not ethical, it is unlikely that anyone else will be. Leaders need to set the precedent by acting ethically and encouraging the importance of ethics in risk management. Discouraging risk-taking is not necessarily ethical or a good business practice; risk-taking is unavoidable if businesses want to succeed. Hiring risk managers is not necessarily a way to encourage ethical behavior in risk management unless those risk managers are focused on ethics. Finally, everyone in the company should be involved in risk management, not just middle managers.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
92. D
Gap analysis. A business uses a gap analysis to compare the current status of an activity or process with the desired outcome for that activity or process. Businesses use gap analyses to evaluate many types of business functions and activities including necessary skills, training, technology, and profitability. A mind map is a creative-thinking technique that involves generating ideas by making associations. A decision tree is a method that businesses often use to facilitate the decision-making process. It involves using a tree-shaped image in which each branch of the tree represents a possible occurrence or outcome. Critical path refers to a project management tool that illustrates all activities needed to complete a task in the order in which they need performed.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Ball, J. (2018, January 23). Gap analysis. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.projectmanagement.com/wikis/233055/Gap-Analysis
93. D
Environmental. Environmental risks include natural disasters. When relying on a factory in another country, the automobile manufacturer in Country A assumes the risk that if a natural disaster occurs in Country B, it will possibly be unable to continue production. This is not an example of employee, political, or health and safety risks.
SOURCE: RM:092
SOURCE: NIBusinessInfo.co.uk. (2017, March 14). Risk management: The types of risk your business faces. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.nibusinessinfo.co.uk/content/typesrisk-your-business-faces
94. C
Managers decide how to use the business's resources. Management is the process of coordinating resources to accomplish an organization's goals. Managers are responsible for coordinating the resources needed to operate the business, including human resources (staffing), financial resources, equipment, and supplies. Coordinating resources involves using them in efficient, cost-effective ways. Managers must understand the employees' jobs, but they do not always need to know how to perform them. Executive-level managers, rather than employees, set the organizational standards. Managers determine the type of training needed, but do not always train the employees themselves.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. C
Reallocating resources. The organizing function of management sets up the way the business's work will be done. Often, managers such as Caitlin need to reorganize employees' workloads in order to accomplish the business's goals. Providing employees with feedback is a controlling activity. Providing employees with training is a staffing activity. Establishing goals is a planning activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Putting It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
96. D
Staffing; recruiting. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Staffing activities include recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and orienting new employees. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Monitoring is a control activity. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Acquiring is obtaining or purchasing something.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Petty, J.W., Palich, L.E., & Hoy, F. (2020). Small business management: Launching and growing entrepreneurial ventures (19th ed.) [pp. 438-439]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
97. D
People-focused. Interpersonal communications are the foundation of directing, so the human factor must be taken into account. The relationships managers form with their subordinates are essential, and managers need to understand human behavior. While directing is also executive, continuous, and creative, these aspects are not described in this example.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)
98. B
Profitability. Profitability control measures the profitability of the company's various products, territories, customer groups, channels, and order sizes. Annual-plan control is used to ensure the company achieves sales and profit goals. Strategic control includes a periodic assessment of the company and its strategies in the marketplace. Efficiency control focuses on finding ways to increase the efficiency of the sales force, advertising, sales promotion, and distribution.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: LAP-SM-400—Measure Up! (Managerial Control)
99. C
Collaboration. One of the ways that an organization can encourage change is through collaboration. Collaboration between multiple departments allows for more creativity, which in turn leads to more innovation and change. This example is not related to training, customer service, or resilience.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Metcalf, M. (2017, July 21). How to create a culture of innovation and learning. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2017/07/21/how-to-create-a-culture-ofinnovation-and-learning/
100. D
Companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle. Many organizational changes fail because the changes are not implemented properly. Big changes may be difficult to execute throughout entire companies, but it can be done by using the change-management lifecycle. Most people are resistant to change, but executing a change correctly can help them accept the change. Employees may need a large amount of time to adjust to changes.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: Lipman, V. (2016, February 8). Why does organizational change usually fail? New study provides simple answer. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/victorlipman/2016/02/08/why-does-organizational-changeusually-fail-new-study-provides-simple-answer/#3142f3044bf8
Test Sample 2014
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. D
Recycling programs. Environmental regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. The goal is to protect the environment. By encouraging businesses to participate in recycling programs, environmental regulations help to conserve natural resources and control waste. Agencies that oversee environmental regulations are the ones that enforce the laws. Environmental regulations do not encourage businesses to participate in resource identification or ethical contracts.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 673-674]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. B
Open corporation. Open corporations sell stock to the general public. By buying stock in an open corporation, John can become a business owner without daily involvement in the business. In addition, shareholders in an open corporation are only liable for the amount they invest in the company. Sole proprietorship is a form of ownership that requires owner participation. General partnership combines the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. Sole proprietorships and general partnerships involve unlimited liability. A close (private) corporation does not offer stock for sale to the general public. In many cases, the shareholders manage and operate the business, which means the owners participate in the day-to-day activities of the business.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Forms of Business Ownership)
3. D
Oral directions. When your parents tell you to vacuum the living room, you are receiving oral directions. When a person speaks, s/he is not giving nonverbal directions or written directions. Directions for vacuuming the living room are not social directions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
4. B
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues are unspoken messages shown through eye contact, facial expression, and body language. Acknowledgement responses are short verbal statements such as “uh-huh” and “I see.” Nonverbal cues are not distractions—quite the opposite, they usually reinforce the speaker's message. Nonverbal cues are not listening skills in and of themselves, but paying attention to them is.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
5. D
Pronounce words clearly. To enunciate means to create clear sounds and to correctly pronounce words. The speed at which words are pronounced may be fast or slow, but words need to be spoken distinctly, not run together.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd. ed.) [p. 35]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
6. B
To clarify meanings. Relevant questions are those questions that pertain to the issue at hand. They are asked to obtain information. Employees should ask relevant questions in order to clarify the meaning of statements or instructions. By asking relevant questions, employees can obtain additional explanations to help them understand what they are expected to do. Employees do not ask questions to send messages, offer suggestions, or make statements.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 80]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. A
Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion. A discussion between an employee and a supervisor about work related issues is formal communication. Formal communication in the workplace involves behaving professionally and using a respectful tone. Asking another person (coworker) for an opinion or brochure are informal forms of workplace communication. A possible firing in the workplace is an example of gossip, which is a type of informal communication that should be avoided.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: People Communicating. (2009-2010). Workplace communication dynamics. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.people-communicating.com/workplacecommunication.html
8. B
Organize his notes in a logical manner. Effective note-taking is essential in school as well as on the job. Regardless of whether you are in a university lecture hall or in a staff meeting, taking notes helps you to better remember important information and record facts, figures, and other details that may not be available elsewhere. Notes that are organized in a logical manner are much clearer, more understandable, and easier to read than notes that follow no form at all. When taking notes, it is not necessary to capture every word that is said. Instead, you should focus on the main points and subpoints of the conversation. It is also not necessary to write notes in complete sentences. To save time and space, you should use abbreviations and symbols whenever appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Sweet Briar College. (n.d.). Note-taking skills. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.arc.sbc.edu/notes.html
9. B
A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization. When asking for financial support, the writer is trying to persuade the recipient to give money. When developing a persuasive message, the writer is trying to change the recipient's behavior. The recipient might require information such as how the money will be used and why the organization needs the money. In persuasive inquiries, it is usually best to use the indirect format. When using the direct format, the writer has specific information that is needed. Sales reports, the date and time of a workshop, or eligibility requirements in an organization can usually be requested through the direct format.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 636-637]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. A
Simple progress. Progress reports often are used to provide business managers with brief summaries of information. They are an effective means of keeping managers informed about the status of activities within their departments. Long research reports and detailed annual reports usually provide extensive information in a lengthy format rather than brief summaries. A short biographical report provides information about individuals rather than activities.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 318, 322]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Logical arguments. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. When developing an analytical report that addresses a controversial issue or contains information that readers might disagree with, the writer should provide logical arguments that explain and support their conclusions. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade readers to accept the conclusions. Technical statistics may distract the reader. Personal opinions should not be expressed during an analytical report. Enthusiastic statements that do not provide logical arguments or supporting evidence are less likely to convince readers that the conclusions are reasonable.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L. & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 411-412]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall. 12
12. C
Recommendations. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, and it is the last component presented in the report. The purpose of the study, which appears at the beginning of the report, describes why the research is needed. The background or historical information is presented at the beginning of the report and usually appears after the purpose of the study. The methodology section of the report appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why they were selected.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Sonnenberg, K. (n.d.). Conclusions and recommendations. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.papermasters.com/conclusions_recommendations.html
13. D
Resolve problems. Providing good service includes resolving problems and complaints. Some customers will be very upset about a problem, and employees must be prepared to find solutions without getting as upset as the customer. Solving problems satisfies customers and gives them the service they deserve. Employees do not have the authority to lower prices, offer discounts, or plan events without the approval of management.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. B
Nature of the business. A business's policies must be appropriate for the type of business. For example, a policy that might be appropriate for an investment business might be inappropriate for a hardware store. Not all business policies are written, and it would not be necessary to display them. The personal preferences of management should not be a consideration. Employees who lack good communication skills can receive training that will improve their skills in communicating policies to customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
15. C
Complaints can often be opportunities. Salespeople should view customers' complaints as opportunities to impress customers positively. Customers whose complaints are handled satisfactorily often become repeat customers. This benefits the business and the salesperson. Most businesses expect salespeople to handle routine complaints as part of their selling responsibilities. Management often provides assistance if the problem is difficult to resolve. There is no way to prevent all customer complaints. Complaints can cause problems for both the salesperson and the business if they result in lost sales, income, and profits.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Tringas, F. (2012, March 29). How to turn customer complaints into a sales opportunity. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://blog.micros.com/2012/03/29/how-to-turncustomer-complaints-into-a-sales-opportunity/
16. A
Economic and noneconomic. Economic wants have monetary values attached to them, while noneconomic wants are free. Economics is concerned with economic wants. Wants are considered unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough resources to satisfy all of their wants. Limited wants do not exist.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
17. D
Form. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. The lumber business is creating form utility by turning tree trunks into boards that consumers can use. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or resources are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
18. B
Public interests. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. These contributions in the public interest may include donations to support the arts, the environment, community centers, etc. Businesses do contribute to private causes, but this is not required by social responsibility. Contributions to promotion would benefit the company, not society, and contributing to pollution would not be socially responsible.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
19. C
Staffing. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing employees. Staffing is an important part of human resources management and includes all the activities necessary for the recruiting, hiring, and training of the people who work to produce goods and services. People are a business's most important resource; therefore, effective staffing is a vital aspect of the business. Without competent and satisfied employees, businesses would not be able to perform their primary functions. Pricing, promoting, and selling are marketing activities.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
20. C
Authority. The organizational structure is the way the business is set up (designed) to carry out its work. Many factors influence the way that the business carries out its work—the way it functions. The ways in which the employees relate to or communicate with one another (interpersonal relationships) and the type of work (tasks) that needs to be done affect the organizational structure. Authority, which also influences the organizational structure, is the power a person has to influence or control other people's behavior. Some organizational structures have centralized authority in which one person or a few people make business decisions. Other businesses have decentralized authority, a situation in which employees have the authority to make decisions and hold a high degree of control over their work. An injunction is a court order forbidding an action. Initiative is a personal trait that involves a willingness to act without being told to do so. Attrition is the natural reduction in numbers of employees due to job changes, death, etc.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Business)
21. B
$227,375. Gross profit is the amount of money that is left after the cost of goods is subtracted from the income from sales. In this example, calculate gross profit by subtracting cost of goods from income ($367,500 - $140,125 = $227,375). Payroll and rent are operating expenses and are not used to calculate gross profit.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
22. D
Protect public health. Government has passed many laws intended to protect public health by regulating the use of products that may be harmful. Asbestos has been found to be harmful to people's health. Public welfare programs provide assistance to disadvantaged individuals. Government attempts to stabilize the economy by controlling the amount of money in circulation, adjusting interest rates, and through various other financial measures.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. C
Contraction. Contraction is the third phase of the business cycle characterized by decreased demand for goods and services, rising unemployment, increased saving by consumers, and reduced sales and profits for businesses. The business is presently in the peak phase of the business cycle which is considered the high point of economic activity. During this phase, demand for goods and services begins to exceed the production capacities of producers. Expansion is the first stage of the business cycle, characterized by increased spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, increased employment rates, and decreased interest rates or loans. Trough is the fourth phase of the business cycle and is considered the low point of economic activity. It is characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
24. C
A European client greets the person with a kiss on each cheek. The concept of space and proximity differs among cultures. In countries such as the United States and Japan, people prefer to maintain distance from others during conversation. In these countries, maintaining space is a sign of respect for the other person. Kissing someone on the cheek requires close proximity, so the American businessperson may feel very uncomfortable, especially if s/he doesn't know the client well. It is not unusual for Americans to meet in conference rooms to discuss business or for Americans to dine with clients after a meeting.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Flipipowich, M. (n.d.). What is the meaning of kissing on both sides of the cheek? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/info_8167807_meaning-kissing-sidescheek.html
25. D
Hello, Mr. Schmidt. Using titles to greet friends or business associates is common practice in German culture. Because the client speaks English fluently, Carolyn should greet him as Mr. Schmidt. The title Herr Schmidt would also be appropriate because herr is the German word for Mister (Mr.). Carolyn might want to use a common greeting used by Germans, such as, "Guten tag, Herr Schmidt," which means, "Good day, Mr. Schmidt." Sir is a title used by Great Britain to address individuals who have been knighted by the British monarch (i.e., Queen Elizabeth). Greeting the client using the first and last name or by last name only would not be appropriate.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
26. B
Collectivist culture. Collectivist cultures emphasize or focus on the good of the group rather than individual gain. Loyalty, compliance, and teamwork are very important to collectivist cultures such as Japan. Japan is not an explicit society, elitist nation, or ceremonial civilization.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Brown, S. (2009, May 14). Understanding cultural differences in business. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.suite101.com/content/understanding-culturaldifferences-in-business-a117469
27. B
Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public. When businesspeople visit a foreign country, they should try to learn about the culture so that they don't do something offensive. Before going to a foreign country, businesspeople should research the country's standards for appearance and dress. For example, wearing shorts or tank tops in Middle Eastern country is exhibiting an inappropriate appearance. Middle Eastern businesspeople would not take foreigners seriously and would be quite offended if they walked around in shorts and tank tops. Other aspects of the culture that foreign businesspeople may want to research include nonverbal behavior such as facial expressions and gestures and communication styles. Because government and religion are closely connected in many Middle Eastern countries, visitors should also understand the religious practices of Middle Eastern countries.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). United Arab Emirates: Appearance. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/uae.htm
28. B
Dietary habits. When planning a meal for foreign businesspeople, it is important to consider their dietary habits. In India, religious customs prohibit Hindus from eating beef and Muslims from eating pork. Some religious customs prohibit followers from eating dairy products and certain types of vegetables. To respect the religious practices of other cultures, it is important for Hilda to develop a menu that accommodates her Indian guests. Seating preferences, table manners, and physical differences are not relevant factors when planning an appropriate menu.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Shuka, M. (2006, December 5). India: Prosperous entertaining-part l. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.executiveplanet.com/index.php?title=India:_Prosperous_Entertaining_-_Part_1
29. D
Initiative. Initiative is the ability to perform work tasks without being told to do so. This is what Todd is doing by straightening the shelves and restocking the merchandise; nobody asked or told him to do so. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Loyalty is being dedicated to a specific group or business. Receptivity is openness to change and input from others.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personal Traits in Business)
30. A
Texting friends during a work shift. Ethical employees are responsible employees who adhere to a standard of appropriate behavior. Ethical employees are reliable and honest. They completely take responsibility for their mistakes, use supplies wisely to complete work-related tasks, and often arrive at work early so they are ready to begin their tasks on time. Ethical employees do not use company time to conduct personal activities, such as sending text messages to friends.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
31. D
Accepting the consequences for the decision he made. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. In the example, Tim admits that he made a mistake by not conducting computer backup activities, so he is accepting the responsibility for his behavior. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future, rather than promising not to make any more mistakes. It does not always involve making informed decisions because some people make decisions without knowing all the facts, or they make impulsive decisions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Nickles, J. (n.d.) Take personal responsibility for a better life. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://mysuperchargedlife.com/blog/7-ways-to-take-personal-responsibility-and-live-abetter-life/ 16
32. A
Schedule enough time to complete activities. It is important for employees to allow sufficient time to complete a work activity. For example, if an employee must present a report at a 2:00 p.m. meeting, and it takes two hours to prepare the report, the employee should not begin preparing the report at 1:00 p.m. that day. Employees do not always have authority to delegate their work to coworkers or to reorganize their work goals. Focusing on the least important tasks will not always help employees to effectively manage their work commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
33. D
Training. In the future, you will have a greater need for education and training to obtain, keep, and advance in a career. This does not necessarily mean a college degree. In fact, more jobs will require some sort of technical training at a community college or vocational training center. The specific knowledge and abilities needed will depend on the career that is chosen.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 880-881). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. B
Privacy does not exist. Although businesses should not read the messages that their employees send or receive by e-mail, the businesses have a right to do so because it is their system and it is being used on company time. Employees who use company e-mail should assume that privacy does not exist and that whatever they write can be accessed and read by others. With this in mind, employees should avoid sending and receiving personal e-mail or making derogatory comments about coworkers, because their messages are not private. Employees should assume that their e-mail messages might be read by others because businesses have a right to monitor the system.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 472-475]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
35. C
Needs. Assertive people understand that they have the right to ask other people to respond to their needs, but they also know they should be able to accept legitimate refusals. Aggressive people often have the mistaken belief that they have a basic right to expect people to respond to their directions, orders, and/or whims.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
36. D
Authority. Authority is defined as a person's level of power, or the level of control s/he possesses in a specific situation. When two people want to hold the same leadership position, the reason the conflict exists is that each person wants to have control. Resentment can be defined as dislike or anger. The statement does not indicate if the two people dislike one another or are angry with one another. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Motivation refers to a person's level of drive, or his/her determination to meet a goal or complete a task.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
37. D
Standing. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time. A committee whose members are expected to serve for three years would be considered a standing committee. An ad-hoc committee is a temporary committee that deals with a specific or unexpected issue. A multifunctional committee may deal with a variety of issues. The committee members did not volunteer but were appointed.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2013) Standing committee. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-committee.html
38. B
Being a good listener. By being aware of what's going on in the industry, Matthias is being a good listener. He's keeping his ears and eyes open for issues and trends that may affect the team vision. In this situation, Matthias is not demonstrating enthusiasm, flexibility, or being an example.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
39. A
Democratic. If you like to feel as though you are an important member of the team, you will probably work best under a democratic manager. Such individuals usually have a participatory approach to management. Workers who like to be a part of a team, contribute their ideas, help solve problems, and generally take a personal interest in their work do well under democratic managers. Authoritarian managers see themselves as the sole source of authority. Laissez-faire managers prefer to exercise little to no control and use a hands-off approach.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
40. D
Immediate gratification. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a person decides to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. When a person places $500 in the bank, the opportunity (benefit) is having money available for the future. The cost of placing money in the bank means that the person does not have the money to purchase a desired item. When a person purchases something that s/he doesn't need but really wants, the benefit to the person is immediate gratification or a sense of instant satisfaction that s/he has acquired the desired product. The opportunity cost (benefit lost) is not a higher discretionary income, lower salary or wages, or long-term dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 20-23). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. D
Installment. Customers must usually pay a finance charge, or interest, for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Revolving credit plans do not require down payments. Regular, or open, credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
42. C
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 312-314]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
43. A
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive credit-card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first, since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit-card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Basco, P. (2006-2012). Seven ways to avoid runaway credit card debt. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article20.shtml
44. B
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, working parents can deduct or subtract a certain amount of their incomes for the childcare expenses they incur while at work. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home mortgage interest, and charitable donations. Capital gains are taxes on earnings from the appreciation of an investment. Dividends are a portion of a company's profits that are paid to shareholders. A rebate is a part of the price that a customer pays for a good or service, which is usually offered by the product's manufacturer.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 394). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. D
Current assets. Assets are anything of value the business owns. Current assets would include cash on hand, accounts receivable, and inventory owned by the business. Income is money received by a business or an individual from an outside source. Liabilities are debts that the business owes. Capital gain refers to the difference between the purchase price and selling price of an investment.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
46. A
Viruses and loss of data. Viruses, fraud, and loss of data are common security concerns associated with using a computerized accounting system. Viruses are programs designed to disrupt computer operations. Fraud is deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. Pollutions, variances, and vested interests are not security concerns.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Manda, G. (n.d.). The benefits of accounting information systems. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/list_6588708_benefits-accounting-informationsystems.html
47. D
Employees' salaries. Liabilities are debts that a business owes. Liabilities are classified as current, which means that the debts will be paid off during the year, or long-term, which means that they will be paid off over a period of time. Employees' salaries are current liabilities because the business is expected to pay its employees for their work on a regular basis throughout the year. Mortgage loans are long-term liabilities because businesses usually make mortgage payments for several years. Accounts receivable are assets because they are all the monies owed to the business by its customers. Owner's equity is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 858). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. D
That is when employees are anxious to learn. New employees are anxious to learn about the company; its policies, rules, and regulations; working hours; benefits; and any other factors that will affect them. Giving them this information at the beginning takes advantage of their desire to learn. Employees can start work without orientation, but they will need to ask a lot of questions that would have been answered in orientation. Orientation presents basic company information and does not try to teach employees everything at one time or focus on specific job tasks.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill Irwin.
49. A
Turnover. Julie's promotion is an example of turnover—employees leaving their job positions for various reasons. Because of the high amount of turnover in modern businesses, knowledge management is very important to keep things running smoothly in times of transition. Information overload refers to the chaos created when too much information is present or available. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of labor, capital, and ideas across national borders. Innovation refers to the creation of new products, processes, ideas, etc.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: KM LAP 1—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
50. B
Inevitable disclosure. The concept of inevitable disclosure suggests that workers are likely to intentionally or unintentionally share their current employers' trade secrets with future employers. Although most jurisdictions have regulations that acknowledge and protect trade secrets, the treatment of inevitable disclosure cases varies. Some jurisdictions do not support non-compete clauses as a way to limit tradesecret disclosure because these types of agreements inhibit a worker's right to seek employment. These jurisdictions view the sharing of knowledge as an inevitable occurrence, which may occur unintentionally. The situation does not illustrate limited confidentially, competitive obstruction, or trade-character infringement.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Nolo.com. (2013). Trade secret basics faq: The "inevitable disclosure" doctrine. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/trade-secret-basics-faq29099-5.html
51. B
Message boards. A message board is a page on a website that allows computer users to ask questions and post responses to the questions. Message boards allow customers and employees to share information to solve problems, which may or may not contain interesting content. Meta tags are Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) codes that display information about web pages. Bots are computer programs that scan the Web to find computer-program updates.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Tsui, L. (2006). A handbook on knowledge sharing: Strategies and recommendations for researchers, policymakers, and service providers. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.uws.edu.au__data/assets/pdf_file/0018/405252/Knowledge_Sharing_Handbook.p df
52. D
Protect its trade secrets. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. Nondisclosure agreements provide the business legal recourse if a competitor attempts to use the information for financial gain or benefit. Businesses do not ask their employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to avoid discrimination lawsuits, ensure their employees' privacy, or prevent copyright infringement. Copyright infringement involves the unauthorized use of written or artistic works.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Nodisclosure agreements. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/nondisclosure-agreements-29630.html
53. B
Gain in market share. Businesses take action for the purpose of achieving certain results. One of the results that a business might want to achieve is a gain in market share, which is a business's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market. An action that a business might take to obtain this result is to lower the price of a product for the purpose of taking business away from competitors. If the price is lower, the business has an opportunity to gain market share. If the price is significantly lower, the business might lose money in the short-term, while increasing market share. Lowering the price of a product will not result in a decrease in cost or a reduction in staff.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
54. C
Last quarter, sales increased by 12%. A fact is a true statement—something that is known to be correct. To prove that sales truly increased by 12% last quarter, you can compare last quarter's sales with the sales from two quarters ago. An opinion, on the other hand, is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. "I believe that the product is defective"; "It seems that we have a problem"; and "Kerry and Dean are the nicest managers" are opinions. They reflect people's beliefs about the product's quality, about a situation, and about Kerry and Dean.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2013, May 27). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
55. A
Nolo Legal Encyclopedia. Expertise and credibility are primary considerations when evaluating the relevance of a source. Because regulations and legal procedures are important considerations when setting up a corporation, Melissa should obtain information from a source that has legal expertise, such as Nolo Legal Encyclopedia (www.nolo.com). The Wall Street Journal is a print and online business publication that focuses on a wide variety of business and economic issues and trends. Because Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, some of the information might be inaccurate or irrelevant. MarketWatch is a website that focuses on financial issues such as investing and the stock market performance.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Regents of the University of California. (2012, May 12). Evaluating web pages: Techniques to apply & questions to ask. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.lib.berkeley.edu/TeachingLib/Guides/Internet/Evaluate.html
56. D
To be ethical. Businesses gather and maintain a wide range of information, and some of this information may be private or confidential. For example, businesses may have personal information about customers and employees. Making sure that this information is secure is a matter of ethics. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm to individuals. Businesses do not keep information secure to be secretive, beat the competition, or avoid publicity.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Everard, K.E. (2008). Business principles and management: Annotated instructor's edition (12th ed.) [p. 170]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
57. D
To graph data. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. Another standard capability of spreadsheet software is to convert this data into graph form. Complicated accounting information is often easier to understand when it is presented visually in the form of graphs or charts. Presentation software is used to create slides. Wordprocessing software is used to prepare text. Database software is used to manage files.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Allocate project resources. Project-management software allows businesses to plan, track, and evaluate all aspects of a project. A comprehensive project-management software program can help the project manager allocate resources—human, financial, material, capital—in the most efficient ways. Stakeholders, rather than software, define the project's purpose, establish the project's standards, and evaluate the quality of project deliverables.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S.J., Meredith, J.R., Shafer, S.M., & Sutton, M.M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (p. 49). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
59. C
Forecast sales. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review their invoices to evaluate ideas, execute promotions, or improve service.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 562-563]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
60. C
Inventory records. Inventory records contain information related to the goods that a business has on hand or on order. They are also likely to contain information about a retail business's suppliers and the products that the business purchases from each to sell to consumers. Quality records usually contain information regarding the degree of excellence of the business's products. Human-resources records contain information about the business's employees. Payroll records contain information about money paid to employees in a given period.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (n.d.). Starting a small business: Record keeping. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/small-business/creating-maintainingbusiness-records.asp
61. A
Statistical findings. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. For example, it may be important for businesses to find out how many customers are in certain age groups, and then convert those figures to percentages to determine which groups make the most purchases. By analyzing this type of statistical finding, businesses can make decisions about targeting certain groups to increase sales and profits. Businesses might analyze training results rather than training methods. They do not analyze information skills or privacy factors when making business decisions to improve the company.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
63. D
Local ordinances. Businesses must follow various government regulations that are designed to protect the public from illness and hazardous conditions. To ensure that businesses are following these regulations, government agencies at all levels often inspect businesses. For example, the local fire department may inspect a business facility to determine if the business has the appropriate number of fire extinguishers as required by law. If an inspection determines that a business is violating regulations, the agency may fine the business or close it until the business is in compliance. Free-trade agreements, securities regulations, and consumer-protection laws do not involve inspecting facilities to determine if the business is free of safety and health hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Ray, L. (n.d.). Commercial building inspection checklist. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_4842000_commercial-building-inspection-checklist.html
64. C
The Internet. Regardless of your line of work, you must follow instructions for some type of equipment, tool, and/or machinery. Even Steve, who recently purchased a used laptop for work, must follow the manufacturer's instructions—usually found in a user's manual—for the computer. Since Steve doesn't currently have the laptop user's manual, he can't be sure that he is using it properly. He is most likely to find a copy of the manual on the Internet because most manufacturers (of computers, kitchen appliances, automobiles, etc.) post all of their owner's manuals on their websites for users to download for free. He is much less likely to find a copy of the manual at the library, a used-book store, or even an office-supply store. Although many office-supply stores sell computers, they may not sell that particular model. If they do not, they are unlikely to have the manual on hand.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: OwnerIQ. (2013). Manuals online. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.manualsonline.com/
65. C
Pilferage. Pilferage is the theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Employees usually do not recognize that their personal use of company supplies is a business expense and a form of theft. Fraud is the act of deceiving or cheating a business or an individual out of money or property. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers. Robbery is theft through the use of force, violence, or fear.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
66. D
Interdependent. A work team consists of individuals who possess different skills to accomplish a common goal. When two people rely on each other to accomplish a task or goal, they are interdependent. There is not enough information to determine if the two coworkers' jobs are complex, nor is there enough information to determine if they work for a bureaucratic organization.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 110,112]. New York: Penguin Group.
67. D
Tracking deadlines. This activity is important during the planning stages and while the project is being completed. It is necessary to keep track of due dates and not let the project fall behind schedule. Also, one part of a project may need to be completed before another part can begin. Project managers make sure everyone is focusing on the same objective rather than change the objective. Project managers usually give directions that workers are expected to follow. Effective project managers encourage others to do their part rather than giving orders.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
68. C
Internal audit. An audit is an evaluation of an organization, process, or project. The project manager and team members can determine its successes, strengths, problems, and weaknesses by evaluating all aspects of the project upon completion. The evaluation helps the project team develop a “lessons learned” document that can be used by teams that execute similar projects for the organization in the future. A comprehensive audit will evaluate many different activities associated with the project, including resource utilization, team productivity and performance, efficiency of processes, and stakeholders' satisfaction, which is done by comparing the objectives with the actual results.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Row, J.R., & Scudder, R. (2013, June 25). Internal audit of your project deliverables: Staying on track. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/monitoringprojects/70376-the-project-deliverables-of-an-internal-audit/
69. D
Control the project. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Various reports can help project managers monitor the work effort. An activity-status report provides a project manager with information about where the project stands at a given point. If the activity-status report indicates that the project is running behind, then the project manager can takes steps to get the project back on track. Reviewing an activity-status report does not create barriers but may identify them. The project manager determines the project scope and develops project specifications during the project planning phase, rather than the project execution phase.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 41]. New York: Penguin Group.
70. B
Ongoing cooperation. When a business is continuously willing to work with other businesses (e.g., vendors) to achieve their mutual goals, it is exhibiting ongoing cooperation. Ongoing cooperation involves a willingness to negotiate fairly and to communicate (interact) openly and honestly on a continuous basis. These actions help build a trusting and favorable relationship. In most situations, a company does not need to fully disclose all of its business information to its vendors—only relevant information.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 389-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
71. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements, the vendor needs to custom make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
72. C
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the demand goes up, and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business to cover its needs until supply is stable and available. Maintenance inventory refers to items the business uses to maintain the facility such as cleaning supplies and light bulbs. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Customary inventory is sometimes used to describe the regularly stocked goods that the business carries.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eNotes. (2013). Inventory types. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.enotes.com/topics/inventory-types/reference
73. C
Concede on minor points before major points. Planning for concessions is an important aspect of an effective negotiation strategy. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later during the negotiation process. An effective negotiator wants to give up (concede) something minor or unimportant early to make it seem more valuable than it really is. If the negotiator gives up a major point early in the negotiation, then s/he will lose her/his power base and leverage. If the negotiator does not plan to provide some concessions, then the negotiation session may end in a stalemate, and agreement may not be reached. Refusing to concede anything might result in a stalemate.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 477-478]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. D
To remain competitive. To be competitive in a global market, many companies must meet standards set by outside groups or agencies, such as the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which set international quality-control standards. Meeting these standards does not provide a way to estimate future sales or to determine raises for production workers. These standards may or may not be related to laws or regulations.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
75. B
Preventive maintenance. Regular inspections help to ensure that equipment is in good repair and will not break down. Vendor analysis is a rating of suppliers in terms of quality, service, and price. Physical inventory is an actual count of items in stock. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Williams, S. (n.d.). Ideas for preventative maintenance. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/info_8091632_ideas-preventative-maintenance.html
76. D
Competitive. Companies analyze many business functions to determine if they are achieving their organizational goals. Companies analyze their activities in relation to their competitors' activities to determine how well they are performing in the marketplace. If a competitive analysis reveals that a company has lost some of its market share, the company will need to attract new markets or develop new products to improve its market share. Luke will likely review the competitions' promotional, financial, and production processes as part of the competitive analysis if the information is available.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2013). Competitive analysis. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/competitive-analysis
77. A
Help to prevent medical problems. Good posture helps to keep the body in alignment and enables the body's organs to function properly. This helps to prevent such medical problems as a bad back, fatigue, and muscle strain. Good posture may make you look taller than you really are, but that is not an important reason for practicing good posture. Good posture cannot eliminate the need for some clothing alterations, and it is not likely to improve your ability to relax.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
78. A
Framing. The way information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others—not the way it is presented. Style is the method for including others in the decisionmaking process. And, logic is a way to make sense of the facts—apart from personal or outside influence.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
79. C
Fair treatment. Discrimination is the unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, which include race, religion, and gender. In the example, the business pays both its male and female employees the same salary range for the same type of work, which indicates it is treating people fairly on the basis of their gender. In many countries, there are laws that prohibit discrimination, so businesses should take steps to ensure that they are in compliance with the law and treating their employees fairly. The example does not describe the employees' right to work in a safe environment or their right to privacy. Businesses do not prevent employees from buying stock. Some types of corporations encourage their employees to buy their company stock.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Employee rights law center. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/employee-rights/
80. C
Human resources. The human resources department in a large company handles such personnel responsibilities as hiring of staff, keeping personnel records, and administering benefit programs. Most human resources departments expect to answer inquiries from job seekers about possible job openings. The payroll department issues paychecks to employees. The credit department handles customer credit accounts. Training and development may be part of human resources, but it is set up to provide assistance to current employees or new hires, not job applicants.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 896). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
A question about salary or benefits. The main purpose of the follow-up letter is to show your appreciation to the interviewer. It would be inappropriate to include a question about salary and benefits, which should have been discussed during the job interview. If the applicant is offered the job, then s/he should bring up any further questions about salary, benefits, hours, vacation time, etc. Making a comment that indicates you understand something about what the business does, referring to your qualifications for the job, and expressing a wish to be hired for the job are all acceptable.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 144-145). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. B
Trade association. People join trade associations hoping to solve problems they could not solve alone. A trade show is a group of producers who exhibit their products in one location for the convenience of buyers. A corporation is a form of business that is owned by a group and requires a charter from the state. A partnership is a form of business with two or more owners.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 657). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. D
The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs. Rules of conduct are necessary to provide a fair and consistent working environment for all employees. When all employees are held to the same standards, the employees tend to work well together to accomplish the company's goals and reinforce its image. Companies' rules of conduct can vary and are influenced by the industry, profession, and company philosophy. Companies should document their rules of conduct because employees' personal ethics and values may differ from their employers' ethics and values.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Glenn, S. (n.d.). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6559640_importance-code-conduct.html
84. D
Vice president of finance. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. A hierarchical chain of command provides structure and organization for the business. Large companies often set up their chain of command by department. For example, all of the vice presidents of various departments (e.g., finance, operations, marketing, etc.) report directly to the CEO. A regional marketing manager generally reports to the vice president of marketing. The production coordinator reports to the production manager. The board of directors consists of individuals who are selected by the shareholders (owners) to manage the corporation. The CEO reports to the board of directors.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [pp. 261-262]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
85. A
Provide direction. Organizational goals are the overall objectives that a group wants to achieve. Developing organizational goals provides the foundation for and direction to achieve the objectives or desired outcomes. Depending on the nature of the group or organization, one goal might involve achieving a profit, although profitability cannot be ensured. Groups develop organizational charts to outline the chain of command or levels of authority. Organizational goals cannot establish loyalty.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Yahoo.com. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://voices.yahoo.com/the-nature-organizational-goals-1977351.html
86. D
Ongoing communication. Employees' goals should align with the business's organizational goals. To ensure that employees understand the importance of their work and their roles in achieving the business's goals, managers must communicate with the employees on an ongoing basis. Ongoing communication may include brainstorming ideas to improve productivity, motivating employees by providing positive feedback, and evaluating their performance on a regular basis. Performance reviews may or may not include evaluation from peers.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: SuccessFactors. (2013). SuccessFactors Goal management. Retrieved September 12 2013, from http://www.successfactors.com/en_us/solutions/bizx-suite/talent-solutions/performancegoals/goals.html
87. D
Project deliverables. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project—what the project will produce. The purpose statement defines the reason for the project. Schedule estimates are used to predict when work will be completed throughout the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 75-76]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. A
WBS dictionary. A WBS dictionary is a tool that helps inform project team members about the scope, status, milestones, and deliverables associated with each project activity. The dictionary can be formatted in a variety of ways, such as an organizational chart or an outline. By maintaining and keeping the dictionary in a central location (e.g., computer intranet), all team members have access to the information at any time. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words. A training chart would not be applicable to the situation described. A pie chart would not be feasible to use because of space limitations.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Project Management Knowledge. (2007-2010). Work breakdown structure dictionary. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.project-managementknowledge.com/definitions/w/work-breakdown-structure-dictionary/
89. A
Help resolve the conflict. Conflict resolution is the process of resolving or ending a conflict. Project managers may need to help resolve conflicts if the team members cannot reach resolution by themselves. When team members disagree, the project manager would not negotiate with external sources, evaluate the reward system, or change the project scope.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (pp. 296-297). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
90. D
Lessons learned document. Developed during the closing phase of the project, the "lessons-learned" document summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for improvement for similar projects in the future, such as the need for additional training and ongoing technical support. An executive summary is an overview of a report or plan. A termination checklist is a list of tasks that need to be done during the closing phase of a project. An expense audit involves reviewing and evaluating various project expenses.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 334-337]. New York: Penguin Group.
91. B
Consumer pressure. Consumer pressure is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world. Customers demand quality, and if a company doesn't provide it, they'll take their business elsewhere. Various consumer groups also keep the pressure on companies to make quality a top priority. Weather patterns, outdated technology, and currency fluctuations are not factors keeping quality as a main concern for today's businesses.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: QM LAP 1—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
92. D
Improving, and controlling. Six Sigma is a quality improvement framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. It builds upon previous goals to set higher goals that continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. DMAIC is an acronym for the Six Sigma method of improving existing processes. The steps include defining goals, measuring performance, analyzing problem areas, improving the problem areas by eliminating defects, and controlling future performance and processes.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (n.d.). What is six sigma? Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.isixsigma.com/sixsigma/six_sigma.asp
93. A
Evaluation. To determine if quality has improved, the business needs to compare the product or process before the improvement was made with the product or process after improvements were implemented. After evaluating the improvements, the business can document results and recommend additional improvements, if necessary.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (n.d.). Continuous improvement process definition. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/continuous-improvement-process-definition4534.html
94. A
Insurance company did not explain all of the policy's exclusions to the store. It is unethical for an insurance company to place obscure, complex exclusions in an insurance policy without explaining them to the policyholder. Insurance policies can be very difficult to understand, so the insurance company should explain important information so the policyholder understands what the policy covers. The policyholder can reduce or manage its risk by reviewing (or having a lawyer review) the contract carefully before signing it. The insurance company can reduce the risk of policyholders filing lawsuits by explaining the policy's terms clearly. If the store owner did not pay the insurance premium on time, the policy lapsed, and the insurance company is not obligated to pay for damages. When the insurance policy was purchased is not an ethical issue in relation to the situation. The insurance policy would not cover workers' compensation. Workers' compensation covers employees who are injured on the job.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Allen, Allen, Allen, & Allen. (2000-2013). How insurance companies deny, delay, confuse, and refuse. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.allenandallen.com/insurance_companies_deny.html
95. B
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit-card numbers). Another way that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information, which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll, rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Harwood, M. (2009, July 28). TJX settles data breach for $9.7 million. Retrieved September 12, 2013, from http://www.securitymanagement.com/news/tjx-settles-data-breach-97-million005941
96. B
Government fines. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Compliance with the law is an important aspect of risk management. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. A substantial financial loss can hinder the business's ability to achieve its goals. Increased inventory and decreased quotas are not risks that are directly associated with failure to comply with laws.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
97. C
Short-range and specific. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year or less) of specific actions that the business will take. Tactical plans involve day-to-day operating activities and are usually implemented by lower-level managers. Tactical plans are based on strategic plans. Strategic planning involves long-term planning (more than one year) and focuses on the general future of company. Strategic plans are usually developed by upper management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Management Innovations. (2008, December 10). Tactical planning vs. strategic planning. Retrieved September 13 2013, from http://managementinnovations.wordpress.com/2008/12/10/tactical-planning-vs-strategicplanning/
98. B
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Supervising employees' performance is a controlling activity. Arranging is not a management function.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Management function of organizing: Overviews of methods. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://managementhelp.org/orgnzing/orgnzing.htm
99. B
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important staffing activity is identifying qualified candidates to do the work. To identify qualified candidates, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Leading involves directing the activities of others. Persuading is convincing others to take a certain course of action. Controlling is the management function of monitoring the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (n.d.). Staffing as a management function. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.cliffsnotes.com/more-subjects/principles-of-management/staffing-and-humanresource-management/staffing-as-a-management-function
100. B
Actual results. Control is the management function that involves comparing what was planned with the actual results. To be successful, businesses must be able to achieve what they plan. By monitoring the actual results, managers will know if the business is performing as planned or if changes need to be made. Goals are the objectives the business plans to achieve. Managerial control does not involve comparing what was planned with the operating policies or the established strategies.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2013). Controlling function of management. Retrieved September 13, 2013, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/controlling_function.htm
Test Sample 2015
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. C
Resolve disputes. The legal procedure is the process of reviewing disputes or claims and resolving them in a fair manner. Businesses are often involved in disputes with other entities, such as suppliers or competitors. If a business believes it has been wronged by another, the business follows the appropriate legal procedure to resolve the issue. Enacting legislation, establishing laws, and dissolving businesses are not the main functions of the legal procedure.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [p. 16]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning. 
2. D
Corporation. A corporation is a form of ownership owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. The liability of each owner is limited to the amount invested. A franchise is an agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. A partnership is a form of business ownership owned by two or more persons. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
3. A
Company policies identify general company rules. Company policies are rules made in advance by management to assist employees in decision making. They are typically general rather than specific in nature and relate to the company's overall vision. Company policies also describe whom the rules apply to and why they exist. Company policies and procedures are not the same; company procedures provide more detailed step-by-step plans of how to carry out policies and processes. Company procedures identify very specific employee actions, such as what to do in the event of an emergency.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Difference Between.info. (2012-2014). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-and-procedure 
4. A
Listen. Speaking and/or writing does not help a person to follow verbal directions. Following directions can only be accomplished by listening to what the other person has to say and interpreting its meaning. Understanding is the result of good listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dufrene, D.D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 51-53]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning. 
5. B
Ask questions. When giving verbal directions, it is important to regularly ask questions to make sure the audience understands the directions. Asking if listeners understand a certain word or phrase will provide feedback that indicates understanding. Many times, listeners will not admit that they do not understand, and the only way to find out is to ask questions. Maintaining eye contact, using gestures, and explaining information are techniques for giving verbal directions. However, they will not indicate if the audience understands the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 113-115]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
6. C
Speaking with coworkers. Jargon is a specialized language known only to a certain group of people. Industries and companies often use jargon that is meaningful to their businesses and may not be easily understood by people outside their industries or companies. Coworkers are more likely to use jargon because they are familiar with the terms and their meanings or applications. New customers, friends, business associates, and acquaintances may not be familiar with a specific industry's jargon.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
7. B
Tell the caller you're happy to hear about his vacation, but you have to take another call. It's important to be as professional and polite as possible, even if a talkative caller is taking up too much of your work time. By saying something courteous yet assertive, like, "I'm happy to hear about your vacation, but I have to take another call now," you're letting the caller know that you appreciate his personal stories, but that you also have work to do. This customer brings money to your business, so you don't want to be rude or risk offending him. You shouldn't tell the customer that you don't have time for him, even if he's just telling personal stories. You also shouldn't transfer the call to another person, as that would be considered rude both to the customer and your coworker. Although it's important to sound interested when you're talking to a customer, you shouldn't talk to them for too long, especially not if you have important work to do. It's necessary to strike a good balance between making a customer connection and asserting yourself.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (n.d.). How to end a phone call professionally. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://operationstech.about.com/od/informationtechnology/tp/Phone-Call-EndProfessionally.htm
8. A
Appoint a leader. When participating in group discussions, it is often helpful to appoint a leader so someone will be able to guide and control the discussion. The leader will be able to encourage all members to participate and keep the discussion on track. Without a leader, the group might lose its focus and discuss issues that are not relevant. A leader can keep the discussion moving rather than allow the group to socialize. Also, a leader can prevent others from interrupting or slow down someone who is dominating the discussion. A leader should be assertive rather than aggressive.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Exforsys. (2006, September 24). How to discuss in a group. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.exforsys.com/career-center/group-discussions/how-to-discuss-in-a-group.html
9. A
Identify the audience. Before writing informational messages, business employees need to know who the audience is so they can present the message in a way that is relevant to that audience. For example, one audience might be the business's customers while another audience might be the business's investors. The message a business employee sends to customers is very different from the message that will be sent to investors. Before writing informational messages, employees do not need to plan a response or wait for feedback. In most cases, the message will generate a response or feedback from those who read it. The medium is the written message.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 201). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
10. B
Clear, concise, and error free. An executive summary is a section of a formal report that highlights the most important information that appears in the body of the document. A well-written executive summary should be clear, concise, and error free. An executive summary should be easy to read and simple to understand. Because an executive summary is part of a formal report, it should follow a formal format. An executive summary does not need to be creative—its primary purpose is to inform the reader about essential facts.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2006). Business and administrative communication (7th ed.) [p. 431]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
11. A
Benefits and risks. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. An important aspect of developing an analytical report involves providing recommendations for a course of action related to the issue, opportunity, or problem. When providing recommendations, the writer should clearly state both the benefits and risks associated with the recommendation, so the reader(s) can make informed business decisions. Analytical reports may discuss a particular product, a project, or the business's budget, depending on the report topic.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 407-413]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. A
The purpose of this study is to determine why sales have been decreasing for three consecutive quarters. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. A comprehensive research report contains several sections. In the introductory section of the research report, the writer identifies the problem and the purpose of the report, such as declining sales. Recommendations are detailed at the end of the report. Details about the research process, such as survey data, are addressed in the methodology section of the research report. Statistics are included in the results section of the research report.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 456]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. A
Tact. Tact is the ability to say or do the right thing in all circumstances. Tact helps to build good customer/client relations because it shows courtesy and respect to others. Generosity is a willingness to give of oneself or one's means. Character is the combination of traits or the reputation of an individual. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
14. B
Using humor. Because Germans tend to be very formal and serious about their business, they do not find it appropriate to use humor during business situations. It is appropriate to use titles, shake hands, and make eye contact with Germans in business situations. These behaviors are respectful to Germans.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
15. C
Friendly. Treating customers in a friendly manner will make them feel more comfortable. They will feel that the business has a personal interest in them and be more accepting of any explanation of policies. Distant, remote, and superior are terms that refer to an unfriendly and cold atmosphere that would make customers feel uncomfortable.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Gibson, P. (2012). The world of customer service (3rd ed.) [pp. 6, 11]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
16. C
Form. Form utility means altering or changing the shape of a product to make it more useful to the consumer, as in transforming various raw materials into cars and trucks. Time utility involves making products available at the time they are wanted or needed by consumers. Place utility occurs when goods and services are available at the place (location) they are wanted or needed by consumers. Possession utility is created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the person who will use it.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
17. C
Financial analysis. This is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. Aspects of this activity involve obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. The accounting activities keep and interpret financial records. Information management is the process of coordinating the resources pertaining to business knowledge, facts, or data. Marketing is the process of creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
18. A
A country loses talented employees to better opportunities overseas. "Brain drain" occurs when employees leave their native countries for better jobs in other nations. It can have a negative effect on developing countries struggling to build strong economies. "Brain drain" does not refer to online shopping, offshoring, or communication between people who speak different languages.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
19. C
Proactive management. To thrive and grow, businesses must be willing to accept and adapt to changes in the marketplace. This requires a proactive attitude by management, which involves looking for new market opportunities and taking quick action to accommodate trends. Reactive management involves taking action after an occurrence. Authoritarian management (rather than leadership) is a management style in which managers prefer to exercise a high degree of control over their subordinates. Conservative leaders tend to favor tradition and shy away from drastic change.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: EC LAP 25—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
20. A
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
21. C
Additional expense and inefficiency are experienced. They occur because businesses need large numbers of employees just to handle government requirements. Some businesses become so involved in meeting government requirements that they do not operate efficiently. Property protection, regulation of resources, and prohibition of unfair trade practices are all positive effects of government regulation.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
22. C
National union. This organization exercises a great deal of control over local unions. For instance, local rules must always be in line with those established on the national level. National unions serve the locals by promoting union growth, recruiting new members, helping to establish new locals, and negotiating with management. Neither federal nor state government would be involved in union establishment. Shop stewards negotiate members' grievances with management. The National Labor Relations Board is a federal agency concerned with unfair labor practices.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5—Get United (Organized Labor)
23. A
Average price per unit. Total revenue is one of the two key measures of revenue that businesses use to decide what amount of output will produce the greatest profits. It is calculated by multiplying the number of units sold by the average price per unit. Marginal revenue, on the other hand, is the extra revenue associated with the production and sale of one additional unit of output. Marginal revenue is not used to calculate total revenue. Fixed costs are costs that do not change, even if output is zero, and are not used to calculate total revenue. Marginal costs are the extra costs incurred when a business produces one additional unit of a product. Marginal costs are not used to calculate total revenue.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2014). Total revenue. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=total+revenue
24. A
An individualist society. An individualist society is one in which group ties are loose and everyone is expected to take care of himself/herself. When a person takes care of herself/himself, s/he is being selfreliant. Because self-reliant people are independent, they take pride in accomplishing goals on their own. Collectivism embraces interdependence, group affiliation, and team orientation. A long-term oriented society focuses on future rewards and values actions such as persistence.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Roberts, K., & Taylor, S. (n.d.). Geert Hofstede analysis for United States of America. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/us.htm
25. A
Have a low tolerance for uncertainty. Cultures that have numerous rules and like to know what to expect tend to have a low tolerance for uncertainty and ambiguity. Because these cultures prefer structure and order, they do not easily accept new ideas or change, nor do they feel comfortable taking risks. The example does not indicate that Germans are highly ethnocentric, which is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: Priest, M. (n.d.). Geert Hofstede analysis for Germany. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
26. A
Arrive at meetings on time. The way a culture views the concept of time is an important consideration when conducting international business. In some cultures, punctuality is very important; therefore, it is important to arrive on time for business meetings or social functions. Meeting breaks, luncheon meetings, and government ordinances do not relate to keeping people waiting.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (n.d.). Costa Rica behavior and manners. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/costa_rica.htm
27. B
Women are not permitted to drive a car. Different cultures have different expectations and rules in relation to gender. In Saudi Arabia, women are not permitted to drive a car. The day of rest is often associated with religious traditions. Laws regarding the consumption of pork are related to religious practices. The “thumbs up” symbol is a form of nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). Saudi Arabia: Behavior. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/saudi-arabia.htm
28. C
Taken the time to learn about the client's culture before the meeting. Because customs and gestures differ by country, businesspeople must understand and monitor their body language, when conducting business in other countries. Certain gestures may be friendly in some cultures and offensive or disrespectful in other cultures. If the businessperson had taken time to learn about the client's country and culture, s/he could have avoided making the offensive gesture altogether. There is not enough information provided to determine if the client expressed his/her discomfort—verbally or nonverbally— about the businessperson's offensive behavior during the meeting. Gestures are nonverbal behaviors rather than a verbal or language barrier. A letter of apology would not have prevented the businessperson from making the gesture in the first place. A letter of apology may have helped smooth things over with the client, but the letter should have been sent directly to the client rather than the country's ambassador.
SOURCE: EC:135
SOURCE: Butler, P. (n.d.). India: Behavior. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/india.htm
29. D
Good for. Not doing things you don't want to do is one way of being responsible to yourself. It is as good for your self-esteem as doing the things that make you feel good about yourself.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 1-3]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
30. A
Leadership. Leadership is one type of personality trait that will contribute to success in personal and professional endeavors. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others. The ability to guide employees is an important aspect of managing a company's employees. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's situation. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personal Traits in Business)
31. D
You gain others' respect. Most people do not like to make mistakes, but everyone makes them from time to time. It's the way that a person handles a mistake or poor decision that is important. Taking responsibility means admitting the wrongdoing, accepting the consequences of the decision, and trying to do better the next time. When a person admits making a mistake, s/he is likely to gain the respect of others and gain trust. When people do not admit their mistakes or they blame others for mistakes, they are showing that they value their well-being over others, which is demonstrating self-importance. Most people do not trust individuals who do not accept responsibility for their actions or decisions, and are likely to be skeptical about those individuals' true motives. People cannot control others' opinions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: Klingeman, A.M. (2007, November 20). Taking responsibility for your actions. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Taking-Responsibility-for-YourActions&id=842366
32. A
Estimate the time that it takes them to perform their tasks. When businesspeople estimate the time that it takes to perform their tasks, it helps them to plan, prioritize, and manage their workloads effectively. Planning their work helps businesspeople avoid scheduling activities too close together, which can affect the quality of their work. For example, if it takes a businessperson one hour to prepare a status report that is due at 4:00 p.m., s/he should not start the report at 3:30 p.m. Because coworkers have their own work commitments, they only should help in emergencies with management's approval. Pleasant tasks are not always priorities for businesspeople. Taking shortcuts and performing work too quickly often results in errors and low-quality work.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—Six effective guidelines to get things done (part 2). Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/2/
33. A
Improve your ability to do the job. Constructive criticism points out mistakes for the purpose of helping someone to improve. It is your responsibility to accept the criticism and to improve your job performance. Showing you your lack of ability, demonstrating the supervisor's superior job knowledge, or trying to hurt or discredit you are examples of destructive criticism.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
34. B
Receptive. Most people are resistant to change out of fear or insecurity. They are, however, more likely to accept change that they have helped to create. Employees feel a sense of responsibility when involved in the process of making changes. Consequently, smart business managers frequently involve employees in the decision-making process leading up to the change. Employees who have had no input may react negatively by being indifferent, resistant, or resigned.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N., & Achua, C.F. (2010). Leadership: Theory, application, & skill development (4th ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. B
Direct eye contact. During a negotiation, a person is usually more credible and successful in getting what s/he wants if s/he conveys self-confidence—a belief in his/her own talents, skills, and objectives. To convey self-confidence, a person should speak clearly, maintain direct eye contact, and make sure that s/he does not engage in negative body language, such as nervous foot tapping, arm crossing, or defensive facial expressions.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
36. B
Being irritated when dealing with customers. Interaction with customers is a major cause of stress in the workplace. Customers are not always polite and understanding. Sometimes they are demanding, unrealistic, and angry. Employees who are not experiencing a lot of stress usually are able to handle these types of situations with customers and resolve the problem. However, when employees are under a lot of stress, they often feel annoyed and irritated when dealing with customers—even those customers who are behaving appropriately. Routinely feeling this way is an indication that an employee is stressed, in which case management should take steps to help the employee reduce the level of stress. Concentrating on doing the job correctly, drinking one or two cups of coffee a day, and having occasional conversations with coworkers are not indications that employees are under a lot of stress.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 235). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. B
Contentment. Adapting to new circumstances isn't always easy. Many people avoid trying new things at all costs, even if it means staying in the same job, position, or town for years. In Henry's case, he doesn't want to adapt to a new job because of contentment. He doesn't want to stretch, try new things, or get out of his comfort zone. This attitude might be easy, but it means his job situation will never change or get any better. Henry is not refusing to adapt because of fear or lack of control or trust. A desire for change is not a reason that people refuse to adapt.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
38. D
Genuine concern for others. Coaching involves working hard to make a positive change in someone's life, and it's hard to do that unless you really want to help. Naya wants Jamie to succeed because she is genuinely concerned. Coaches who possess humility admit that they don't know everything and own up to their mistakes. Coaches who are flexible are able to accept changes. Positivity and enthusiasm involve keeping coachees excited about their goals.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
39. B
Coworkers with empathy are better able to understand others. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. When you can "walk in someone else's shoes," even though you have not had the same experiences, you are better able to understand and to get along with that person. Empathy cannot prevent disagreements, help workers to understand legal guidelines, or enable them to learn a job quickly.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
40. B
Exceed the rate of inflation. When making investments, it is important to consider the time value of money, which is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Earnings from investments can come in different forms, such as accumulated interest from debt securities or dividends from equity securities. At the end of the investment period, a successful investment will yield more money than the investor started with. However, it is important to consider the rate of inflation—which is an increase in prices of goods and services. If inflation increases more rapidly than the investment earns (e.g., 10%) during the investment period, then the value of money earned will not yield the desired results. Documents and forms do not affect the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 89-92, 180). South-Western Cengage Learning.
41. B
Credit users to buy at any time during a set period. This period is usually 30 days. At the end of that time, the person or business is expected to pay the entire amount that is due. Most credit accounts require a credit check of first-time or regular credit users. Having a credit account for a long time does not eliminate finance charges if the customer does not pay the account according to the account's requirements.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
42. B
College fund. In many cases, paying for college is a future financial need for which many individuals and married couples plan. In order to make sure sufficient money will be available to pay for college, individuals often establish a college fund. This may be set up with a bank or an investment company. People often set aside a certain amount to invest on a monthly basis so the fund will have a certain value by the time it is needed to pay college expenses. A living will involves a person's wishes concerning medical issues. A work history is a list of jobs a person has had during his/her life. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 266). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. C
Deposits and credits. A bank statement is a summary of all transactions that occur for a certain period of time, usually one month. The bank statement will indicate the day, amount, and transaction type on the statement. The account holder compares the bank statement with his/her checkbook to determine problems or discrepancies. Ian's employer is electronically putting his paycheck into his account; therefore, the amount will be recorded as a deposit (credit) since money is being added to the account on Ian's behalf. The withdrawals and debits column on the bank statement records all of Ian's withdrawals (debits). Ian bills are located in this column—rent, car payment, groceries, etc.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (p. 193). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
44. A
Penalty. A penalty is a punishment. The government depends on income tax to support public programs. When people do not provide income tax information when it is needed, the government often imposes a penalty, usually a fine or fee. Ongoing failure to report income can result in imprisonment. The government does not offer a refund or allowance for missing an important deadline. However, a person can file for an extension to avoid being penalized for missing a filing deadline.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Perez, W. (n.d.). Penalties and interest. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://taxes.about.com/od/backtaxes/qt/irs_tax_penalty.htm
45. D
Place. Place decisions also include where products or supplies will be purchased and how the inventory of products or supplies will be managed. The price section should identify the range of prices to be offered. The promotion section should describe how efforts will be coordinated to increase sales. The product section should describe the quality, variety, and style of goods or services sold by the business.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
46. A
Protection from theft and fraud. The accounting system should be set up in a way that makes it difficult for employees to gain access to the system and make changes to the information. The cost of operating the system and the capability to generate printed financial statements are not related to the issue of theft. A business would not be likely to maintain both a computerized and a manual accounting system.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
47. D
Budget. Budgets are based on reports of figures recorded in previous years. A balance sheet is a summary of a business's assets, liabilities, and capital at a particular point in time. An income statement provides information about a company's profits and losses.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
48. D
High trust and mutual respect. Human-resources managers play a significant role in ensuring the existence and adherence to organizational ethics. In fact, they set the standard for ethical behavior within their organization and serve as examples for other employees. Indicators of strong organizational ethics include high trust and mutual respect, complete information, open discussion of different options, and concrete goals. Overpromising, underperforming, and a refusal to accept responsibility are indicators of poor ethics.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: Matthews, J. (n.d.). Eight elements of an ethical organization. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.entrepreneurship.org/resource-center/eight-elements-of-an-ethicalorganization.aspx
49. A
Expert system. An expert system captures the knowledge of experienced workers from both within and outside an organization. It can be used to guide employees when they encounter certain situations or problems. An intranet is an organization's "internal Internet." A spreadsheet is simply a software program for arranging figures in rows and columns. A decision support system is a computer program that draws on gathered knowledge to help managers improve their decision-making skills.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: KM LAP 1—Know Go (Nature of Knowledge Management)
50. B
Personal gain. Robert possesses certain knowledge that may help other employees perform their jobs more efficiently, which might improve the group's cohesiveness and teamwork. Because Robert is purposely withholding this information, he is more concerned with his personal career advancement than he is with helping the company improve its performance. Inevitable disclosure is a concept that suggests that workers are likely to intentionally or unintentionally share their current employers' trade secrets with future employers. Inevitable disclosure and privacy are not reasons why Robert is unwilling to share his knowledge with coworkers.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Wang, S., & Noe, R.A. (2009). Knowledge sharing: A review and directions for future research. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.ucdenver.edu/academics/colleges/clas/centers/writing/documents/hr_managame nt.pdf
51. C
Accountability matrix. An accountability matrix is a table that assigns tasks to workers and tracks the workers' progress in relation to various business or project activities. Accountability matrices are components of project-management software. Businesses may design their own accountability matrices through word-processing or spreadsheet applications. A customer database is a central location in which the business records and maintains information about its customers. A surveillance system consists of audio/visual equipment that is used to monitor various activities. Magnetic cards (e.g., debit cards, credit cards) contain data that can be read by electronic devices. Businesses do not use customer databases, surveillance systems, and magnetic cards to assign and track various business tasks.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2014). Accountability matrix. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/accountability-matrix.html
52. D
Patent. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Businesses can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. A patent is legal protection for a product or process, such as a production process. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for a specific number of years and is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect written documents and artistic compositions. A trademark is legal protection for a symbol, design, or word (name) that a business uses to identify its brand.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 786, 805]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
53. D
Marketing concept. The marketing concept expresses a philosophy of conducting business that is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Product planning, pricing, promoting, and distributing goods and services are elements of the marketing mix. The consumers' movement refers to organized efforts by consumers to establish fairness, quality, and safety in the marketplace.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
54. A
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Many businesses use the Internet to obtain needed external information efficiently. For example, businesses can access the websites of governmental agencies as well as competitors to find information about specific issues. This is a fast and efficient way to obtain information from a variety of sources without needing to visit the library and look through printed materials such as textbooks. Software instructs computers to perform specific operations. Not all software is used to obtain information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 139-143]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
55. B
Federal income tax returns. The IRS suggests there are some records that a company should keep for the life of the business. These records include federal income tax returns. Some other types of business documents don't need to be kept as long. Documents such as cancelled checks and invoices only need to be kept about six or seven years, while credit card statements only need to be retained for a year. It's important to keep documents for the recommended amount of time in the event of a tax audit. When it's time to dispose of a file, per the company's policy, that file should be completely destroyed.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Omar, S. (n.d.). What every small business owner should know about record retention. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.isnare.com/?aid=298230&ca=Business
56. D
Constantly changing. Information management can be a challenge because the business world is constantly changing. Companies can't sit back and assume their current programs will continue to fit the bill. They must stay alert to information management needs and trends and be willing to adjust accordingly. Business technology is always changing and, more and more, companies' information is electronic rather than paper. Employees often suffer from too much information, known as information overload.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
57. D
Presentation. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Communication software programs establish connections between computers. Numeric and electronic are not types of software programs, although some programs analyze numerical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 215-216). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Sort. The sort function allows computer users to change the order of data in a spreadsheet. The chart function allows the computer user to place a graph or pie chart in the spreadsheet. The consolidate function allows the computer user to add, average, or count numerical data in a spreadsheet. The find and replace function allows the computer user to locate text or numerical values within the spreadsheet and replace them with designated text or numbers.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2014). How to sort a row or column in Excel. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_9697_sort-row-column.html
59. D
Schedule tasks. Project management is the process of planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of a project to achieve a specific goal. There are computer-software programs available that help businesspeople manage their projects. The software can help businesspeople determine the resources that they will need to complete the project, such as materials and supplies, people (e.g., contractors, employees), and money; however, the software does not handle the hiring process. Software can also help businesspeople schedule the various tasks needed to complete the project on time and within budget. Businesspeople do not use project-management software to establish credit or authorize payments.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The Complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 366-367]. New York: Penguin Group.
60. A
In the cloud. An increasingly popular method for storing business records is in "the cloud." Cloud storage involves storing your records in a database maintained by a third party at an off-site database storage facility. Rather than storing his records to his computer hard drive, a flash drive, or other nearby storage device, Dale uploads his files to the Web and then saves them to the remote database—the cloud. To retrieve any files that he's saved to the cloud, he simply goes online, logs into the database, and accesses whatever records he needs. Dale's customer records are not maintained on his hard drive, on a flash drive, or in a log file.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Borea Systems. (2012, February 23). Is cloud computing secure for businesses? Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.refocusingtechnology.com/2012/02/23/is-cloud-computingsecure-for-businesses/
61. B
To obtain useful information. Statistical findings need to be interpreted in order to convert them to useful information. Simply gathering statistics, which are data presented in numerical form, is not helpful unless a business analyzes them and converts them to useful information. For example, it is not useful to know that 500 customers buy a certain product unless the business also knows the total number of potential customers and what percentage of the potential customers are current customers. Perhaps 500 seems like a strong customer base, but that is not the case if the potential is 10,000. Businesses often use statistical findings to develop charts and tables and calculate frequency distributions. However, those are not reasons why the business interprets them. Businesses do not interpret statistical findings to organize a database.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-193). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. A
Environmental regulations. If a business does not follow the jurisdiction's environmental laws, it risks being shut down until it is in compliance. High emissions of toxic chemical in the air create pollution and can negatively affect the natural environment and the health of people and animals. Building codes, rather than construction codes, regulate the structure of facilities such as offices, factories, and homes to ensure their safety. Administrative policies are internal guidelines for carrying out the business's work. Estate laws regulate the distribution of a person's assets to his/her beneficiaries.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: United States Environmental Agency. (2014, July 8). Summary of the Clean Air Act. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www2.epa.gov/laws-regulations/summary-clean-airact
63. D
Poor housekeeping can cause safety hazards. Cluttered areas of the workplace can create safety hazards. For example, people can trip over items lying on the floor, slip on liquids that have been spilled, or be injured when poorly-stacked containers fall over. Ongoing equipment maintenance can reduce risks of some types of accidents and injuries. However; operator error can cause injuries and other types of hazards can exist in the workplace. Safety hazards differ according to the kind of business. Safety hazards are not obvious to most people unless they have been taught to recognize them.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
64. D
The necessary tasks. To coordinate work, you must know what tasks should be done, who should do them, and the order in which they should be performed. It is important to communicate with all people involved in the work effort so they know exactly the process and procedures they need to follow to complete the work correctly. Technical changes are not always part of the work effort. High customer satisfaction levels may result when the work is coordinated effectively. The business's requirements or needs are considered when coordinating the work rather than the employees' requirements or needs.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 267-268]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. C
Wikis. Project management can benefit greatly from user-generated, user-updated websites called wikis. Encyclopedias, forums, and flash drives are not names of commonly used technologies for project management.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
66. D
Job description. A job description is an explanation of all of the responsibilities and tasks associated with a specific job. It is important to develop a job description to explain exactly what is involved such as qualifications, education, or experience. Then, match the skills of project members to the job description. If no one in the group is qualified to perform that job, having a job description will help when you ask others to volunteer. When identifying the people who have the necessary skills, it is not important to develop a sponsor list, a realistic budget, or a status report.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
67. A
Identify needed resources. The success of a project depends on how well it is planned and organized. One of the first steps in developing a successful project involves identifying the needed resources which include the financial, technical, material, and human resources needed to complete the project. Before any project can begin, a business needs to decide how much it will cost, what type of materials and expertise are required, and how many employees are needed to perform the work. Once the needed resources are identified, a business can begin to put them in place in order to start the project. After identifying the necessary resources, a business can develop plans to purchase the resources, recruit the needed employees, and organize training classes.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
68. A
Monitoring. Controlling is an important aspect of managing projects effectively. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Monitoring is periodically checking on the progress of something. Because Isabelle is asking Todd about the status of his work, she is monitoring his work effort. Initiating is the first step of the project-management process, which involves authorizing the work to begin. Isabelle had to coordinate and assign work activities before team members could begin to work on their tasks.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 250, 285-286]. New York: Penguin Group.
69. B
Share relevant information. To maintain favorable relationships with its vendors, a business should share relevant information. Open, frequent, and honest communication can build trust and respect, which facilitate long-term business relationships. A competitive orientation may help the business achieve shortterm goals, but may damage long-term vendor relationships. Automating ordering processes and requesting volume discounts will not always help the business maintain long-term relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Krajewski, L.J., Ritzman, L.P., & Malhotra, M.K. (2007). Operations management: Processes and value chains (8th ed.) [pp. 389-391]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
70. B
Open. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). Because Sheets Paper Company was best able to meet the retail chain's requirements, it was the vendor selected to fulfill the order. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). There is no indication that Elaine prepaid for this order. A standing order, sometimes known as a blanket order, is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
71. B
To sell it to end users. Businesses keep different types of inventory on hand for different reasons. If the business sells the goods that it buys to end users, it is resale stock. For example, an appliance-store chain (retailer) buys stoves, refrigerators, and dishwashers from manufacturers, and sells the items to consumers. Items such as parts (e.g., nails) and raw materials (e.g., wood) are used to produce manufactured goods. Businesses also maintain an inventory of supplies (office, cleaning) for employees to use to complete their work.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2014). Inventory types. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html
72. A
Make a concession. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. Effective negotiators plan the points that they are willing to concede before going to the negotiating table. Often, the negotiator will use silence as a way to make the vendor feel uncomfortable. The business hopes that the vendor might concede the point to fill the silence and keep the discussion going. The business will work to maintain its leverage or power (authority) over the negotiation so it can get what it wants from the vendor. If agreement cannot be reached, the negotiation may end in gridlock, a situation in which neither party gets what it wants.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 478-481]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. D
Creates form utility. One of the benefits of production is that it creates form utility—usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer or user. Without production, many resources would be of little use to consumers. All of the other alternatives are benefits of production to businesses, not consumers.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
74. D
Excellence. Another term for quality is excellence. Adequacy and mediocrity imply that something is "just OK," not excellent. Quality means that something conforms to a predetermined set of standards.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
75. C
Exterior sidewalk. Customers use exterior sidewalks to gain entry to a business. Exterior sidewalks must be maintained on a regular basis in order to prevent damage, such as cracks and holes, that might present a safety hazard to customers. Maintaining sidewalks on a regular basis is less expensive for a business than replacing them once they deteriorate. Corporate offices, employee lounges, and storage facilities are areas in a business not often used by customers.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: American Facility Services. (2013, March 26). The importance of maintaining commercial parking lots. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://afsflorida.com/blog/2013/03/theimportance-of-maintaining-commercial-parking-lots/
76. A
How to increase its efficiency. In this situation, the business is analyzing an “if, then” situation. If the company purchases a certain type of software, then it can increase its data-entry outputs. If the company increases its outputs, it is increasing its efficiency (productivity). How does the business increase its efficiency? It installs a specific type of software. The information does not indicate how to detect a problem or why the company should evaluate work schedules. A business uses a marketing analysis to determine why it should obtain new market segments.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2014). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/curriculum/training-program/Business-Analyst-Skills/
77. D
Almost all marketing occupations involve creativity to some extent. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions and can be used in many marketing jobs. For example, employees can be creative when making sales presentations and in solving human-relations problems among coworkers. Creativity is not limited to advertising and display nor to working with things rather than with people.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Beyer, G. (2010, September 13). A career in marketing/advertising. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052748703453804575480221659764174
78. B
Prioritizing. Prioritizing is determining the order for completion of activities based on their importance. It is a helpful way to manage time. Classifying, categorizing, and grouping activities are sorting techniques in which the importance of each activity is not a factor.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
79. D
Business information technology. Business information technology is an umbrella term covering those careers that provide a bridge between business processes/initiatives and information technology (IT). Employees in this area help to align business and IT goals. Examples of job titles in IT include project manager, business process manager, and business process architect. People working in corporate management focus on planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating part or all of a business organization through the allocation and use of financial, human, and material resources. Careers in insurance involve protecting individuals and businesses from financial losses by transferring risk from an individual or business to an insurance company. An individual working in marketing communications focuses on activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience about the business and its goods and services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
80. A
Creativity and innovation. There are many characteristics that all successful entrepreneurs share, including creativity and innovation. Not all entrepreneurs are equally strong in these areas, but the important thing is that they realize their weaknesses and work to improve them. Entrepreneurs must be determined, but they don't necessarily have to be aggressive. Optimism is extremely important for entrepreneurs, but risk aversion is not. A successful entrepreneur must be willing to take risks. While organization is an important quality for an entrepreneur to possess, timidity isn't helpful—a successful entrepreneur is confident in his/her ideas and abilities.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
81. D
Important information. After an interview, applicants may think of something important that they forgot to mention, such as specialized training or a unique job skill. This type of information may be included in the follow-up letter to the interviewer. The applicants should briefly explain the important information to reinforce the fact that they are qualified for the position. An applicant's Social Security number and personal background are included in the employment application form. A follow-up letter usually contains a reference to the position being applied for, even though that was discussed during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 144). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. D
Work at the company that is hiring. Many of the people in a network are professionals that the individual knows because of business or work-related activities. The advantage of including these people in a network is that they often work at the company that is hiring and can pass on information to others in the network. If the contacts are interested in the same position, they might not be willing to network and share information. The contacts may have information about job skills and know how to communicate with others, but those are not reasons why networking is so effective.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building (7th ed.) [pp. 401-402]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
83. D
Organizational cohesiveness. The rules of conduct are the company's policies, procedures, and expectations for its employees' behavior in the workplace. When employees are consistently held to the same basic expectations, and they follow the company's rules, the company's overall cultural environment is stable, and employees tend to be more willing to cooperate with one another. If some employees are allowed to get away with inappropriate behavior (e.g., consistent tardiness) and others are reprimanded for the same behavior, conflict is more likely to occur. Laissez-faire managers assume little or no leadership responsibility, and allow subordinates to determine their own work behavior and productivity level. Depending on the situation, inflexible attitudes are likely to cause conflict.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Glenn, S. (n.d.). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6559640_importance-code-conduct.html
84. C
Jim, the production-line supervisor. The chain of command defines the level of authority and identifies the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide structure for business. As a production-line worker, Sally should report problems to the production-line supervisor (Jim). The production-line supervisor reports to the production-section manager (Tom). The production-section manager is likely to report to the production manager, but possibly the operations manager (Linda). Executive-level managers in charge of various operations functions report to the vice president of operations (Sylvia).
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Kelchner, L. (n.d.). The importance of following the chain of command in business. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-following-chain-commandbusiness-23560.html
85. A
Organizational goals. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes that the business wants to achieve. After the business determines its goals, it plans, executes, and controls the strategies, policies, and procedures to do the work necessary to achieve the organizational goals. A product objective is one type of organizational goal that the business sets. The business may also consider profit margins in relation to pricing goals.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Symes, S. (2014). Organizational structure & goals. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/organizational-structure-goals-15886.html
86. B
Communicate priorities. Employees carry out the work to achieve the organization's goals. To carry out the work, managers must communicate their work priorities to employees. When employees know and understand their priorities, they can perform the most important tasks before they tackle the less important tasks. An organization's mission statement guides the goal-setting process, but it does not provide specific information for completing specific work tasks. Although a variety of work subcultures (e.g., departmental, team, social) exist in most organizations, managers must communicate their work priorities to employees so that they can carry out tasks that will achieve organizational goals. Collected information must be communicated and acted upon to achieve the organization's goals.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Kawaskaki, G. (2007, September). The art of execution. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/183026
87. C
Constraints. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and conditions of the project. The SOW should outline any limits or restrictions (e.g., time, money, human resources) that might affect the execution of the project, which should be placed in the constraints component of the SOW. The purpose or reason for the project is outlined in the beginning of the SOW. The benefits are the project's advantages. Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion of the project. The example does not describe the purpose, benefits, or deliverables of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 74-77]. New York: Penguin Group.
88. A
Work breakdown structure. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the project into small work packages helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor project activities. Isabelle is not developing a project status report, data interchange program, or a technical operating system.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 86-97]. New York: Penguin Group.
89. A
Rewarding. An important aspect of managing a project team is motivating the team members. Project managers can motivate team members by showing appreciation for their efforts and by rewarding them for reaching certain goals. A reward might include a nice meal, time off, or a financial bonus. Mentoring is an activity in which one experienced employee helps or guides a new employee on the job. Evaluating is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Business Performance. (2003-2014). Managing a project team. Retrieved August 18, 2014 from http://www.businessperform.com/project-management/project_team_management.html
90. A
Closing. Many activities occur at the end or close of a project. Because the project has been completed, equipment and materials (supplies) are disposed of or provided to others for different projects or uses. Team members may be released to work on new projects or to return to work on previous assignments. Scheduling is the process of setting timelines for tasks to be completed. The goals are established during the planning phase of the project. During the initiating phase, the project is authorized to begin. Releasing resources from the project are not activities that occur during the scheduling process or during the project's planning or initiating phases.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 250, 332-333]. New York: Penguin Group.
91. A
Systematic process. Quality assurance is a process that businesses use to prevent defective products from being created, not just to eliminate or correct them after they have already been produced. Quality assurance involves developing and executing processes in a methodical (systematic) way to ensure that the business creates products that meet its product standards. Product innovation is a part of the product-development process. Classifying information is an information-management activity. The need for supplier input depends on the type of product and the nature of the business's relationship with the supplier.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2014). Quality assurance. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quality-assurance-QA.html
92. A
Quantitative information. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that focuses on continuously setting higher goals of perfection to improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. Six Sigma uses quantitative information (easily measureable facts and data) to assess the degree of improvement at various intervals and to set new improvement goals. The types of quantitative information that the framework evaluates include costs, production rates, the quantity of outputs with defects, profit margins, etc. Quantitative information is often used to determine technology needs, develop expansion plans, and review policies, such as employees' compensation and benefits.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: iSixSigma. (2000-2014). Linking quality to finances. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.isixsigma.com/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&id=1513:linking-quality-tofinances&Itemid=111
93. B
Increased sales. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. A potential benefit of improved processes is increased sales. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. Continuous quality improvement processes can increase productivity (outputs), which lowers costs and increases profits.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (n.d.). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5317408_benefits-continuous-quality-improvementcqi.html
94. A
Implement an ethics program. Because employees represent the business, their unethical behavior can negatively affect the business's reputation. If a business develops a poor reputation or public image, customers may take their business elsewhere. To reduce the risk of a tarnished reputation, the business should implement an ethics program. An ethics program might include ongoing ethics training, which provides continuous guidance for the employees as to what constitutes ethical behavior on the job. The business should discourage fraudulent behavior, offer credit to customers who meet the business's credit criteria, and maintain optimal inventory levels so that the products are available when customers need them; these actions promote a positive public image for the company.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (2010, October 23). 10 Benefits of managing ethics in the workplace. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://managementhelp.org/blogs/businessethics/2010/10/23/10-benefits-of-managing-ethics-in-the-workplace/
95. A
Automated oversight. Risk managers can use automated oversight technology to assign specific risk limits to individual divisions, departments, or employees. If focused on individual employees, the automated oversight technology tracks each employee's activity to determine if and when s/he exceeds the preset risk limit. If the employee exceeds his/her limit, the software notifies management immediately. Management can then take the necessary actions to reduce the risk exposure. Financial analysts use stress testing to determine a particular financial instrument's stability in different extreme events. Data aggregation involves pulling together data from several disparate systems into one central repository or database. Corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their responsibility toward shareholders.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Compliance Week. (2012, October 26). Oversight Systems delivers FCPA automated transaction monitoring solution. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.complianceweek.com/blogs/grc-announcements/oversight-systems-delivers-fcpaautomated-transaction-monitoring-solution#.U_JQ7E10w5s
96. B
Liability. Risk retention groups are liability insurance companies owned by their members, who are typically businesses, professionals, and municipalities that are unable to acquire liability insurance from traditional insurance companies. Types of liability insurance that risk retention groups typically offer include errors and omissions, medical malpractice, directors and officers, product liability, professional liability, etc. Risk retention groups are not legally permitted to offer life, homeowners, or health insurance in most countries.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: IRMI. (2000-2014). Risk retention group (RRG). Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.irmi.com/online/insurance-glossary/terms/r/risk-retention-group-rrg.aspx
97. D
Maximize resource efficiency. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Effective planning helps the business to determine how to allocate all of its resources—human, financial, equipment—in the most efficient and cost-effective ways. Businesses are more likely to achieve their goals when they plan, but planning does not guarantee positive results. Planning does not necessarily improve interpersonal relationships, nor does it influence employees' adaptability.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Robbins, S.P., & Coulter, M. (2007). Management (9th ed.) [p. 185]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
98. D
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training are staffing activities. Leading is an activity that involves influencing and motivating others to take a certain course of action. Coordinating is an organizing activity that involves bringing resources together to accomplish a goal.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2013). Functions of management. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
99. B
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Directing activities include motivating, leading, and disciplining workers. When a manager encourages an employee to do something, the manager is performing a directing activity. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Recruiting is a staffing activity. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2013). Directing function of management. Retrieved August 18, 2014, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm
100. D
Feedforward. Control is the management function of monitoring the work effort. Managers monitor the work effort in many ways. Feedforward control involves taking preventative measures and occurs before a business activity is performed. Feedforward control often involves establishing standards (e.g., quality of materials used in production) and procedures for carrying out the activity. Concurrent control involves monitoring the work while the employee performs it. This allows the manager to determine if the employee is performing the work correctly and efficiently. Feedback controls occur after a business activity has been completed. A standard is a control tool and a measure for determining the level of excellence of something.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 561-564]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
Test ST-BMA-10
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. B
Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA is responsible for enforcing federal environmental laws and regulations. The Food and Drug Administration oversees the safety of the food supply and drugs. The Federal Trade Commission enforces a variety of regulations regarding pricing, advertising, and other business practices. The National Transportation Safety Board investigates transportation safety issues.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 86-87]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
2. C
Limited. A limited partnership permits a partner to invest in a business but have limited liability. For example, the amount of the financial responsibility could be limited to the amount the partner invested. Or, a partner could limit his/her time involved in managing the business. Close and "S" are types of corporations. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. Since franchises can be proprietorships, partnerships, or corporations, more information would be needed in this question for franchise to be the correct response.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
Chronological order. When assigning jobs or tasks to employees, managers need to provide employees with precise, easy-to-follow directions. Often, these directions involve performing tasks that need to be completed in a certain order. Then, the directions should be explained in chronological order so the employees will be able to follow them correctly. For example, employees need to know that steps one and two must be completed before step three. If directions are given out of chronological order, employees might not understand or be able to perform as expected. Directions that are explained in complex terminology, in excessive detail, or in technical language may be difficult for employees to understand and follow.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
4. A
Sharing and understanding. Sharing means that there must be one who sends the message and one who reacts to it. Understanding means that both sender and receiver grasp the same message. Telling/Informing is a one-way process. All messages have words but meanings are generally not included. Personal beliefs and attitudes determine if you care about a message or not.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. C
Your caller may have difficulty understanding what you are saying. Pace of speech refers to how fast or slowly you speak. If you speak too fast, your listener will have difficulty understanding you. You may also sound rude or pushy. Speaking too slowly may cause the caller to become disinterested in what you are saying. Attitude is reflected by tone of voice rather than by pace of speech. Choosing the wrong words and phrases can be offensive to callers.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 128-129). Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. A
Appoint a leader. When participating in group discussions, it is often helpful to appoint a leader so someone will be able to guide and control the discussion. The leader will be able to encourage all members to participate and keep the discussion on track. Without a leader, the group might lose its focus and discuss issues that are not relevant. A leader can keep the discussion moving rather than allow the group to socialize. Also, a leader can prevent others from interrupting or slow down someone who is dominating the discussion. A leader should be assertive rather than aggressive.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 328-329]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
7. C
The use of toxic chemicals in the environment can result in the extinction of many species of waterfowl. This example indicates that the extinction of waterfowl (the end result or effect) is caused by the use of toxic chemicals (the cause). The public supports increased spending on national security, and a survey reports that over seventy percent of the citizens fear future terrorist attacks: This is an example of the use of a generalization with an example method of presentation organization. Monet and Cezanne were both impressionist artists; however, their painting techniques and use of color varied greatly: This is an example of the compare and contrast method of presentation organization. An example of the enumeration method of presentation organization is as follows: We will begin by discussing the basic steps used in developing effective time management techniques, and the first step is to prioritize all of your commitments.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 144-145]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. B
Easily understand it. Effective written communications are those that are presented clearly, in simple language, and in an interesting style so that readers will easily understand the message. Written business messages do not need to be entertaining. When written communications are unclear, complicated, or difficult to understand, readers tend to lose interest and ignore them. Readers should not have to read written communications many times to find out what they really mean.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 23-25]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
9. A
Transmittal. A letter of transmittal is usually placed after the title page to give the reader an introduction to the report that follows. While the letter transfers the report from the writer to the reader, it is not called a letter of transferral. A letter of authorization is used by some organizations to grant permission for a report to be prepared. A letter of recommendation presents the views or opinions of one person about another—usually someone applying for a job.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 346-347]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
10. D
Simple progress. Progress reports often are used to provide business managers with brief summaries of information. They are an effective means of keeping managers informed about the status of activities within their departments. Long research reports and detailed annual reports usually provide extensive information in a lengthy format rather than brief summaries. A short biographical report provides information about individuals rather than activities.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 318, 322]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Benefits and risks. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. An important aspect of developing an analytical report involves providing recommendations for a course of action related to the issue, opportunity, or problem. When providing recommendations, the writer should clearly state both the benefits and risks associated with the recommendation, so the reader(s) can make informed business decisions. Analytical reports may discuss a particular product, a project, or the business's budget, depending on the report topic.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 407-413]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. C
Purpose of the study. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. A research report contains many elements. The purpose of the study states why the topic at hand is being investigated. The purpose of the study should be described in the report's introduction, which is at the beginning of the report. Stating the purpose of the study is important because it lets readers know what they are reading and why. Proposed solutions to a problem (recommendations) are addressed near the end of the document after the research has been presented. The appendices are segments that include supporting information, and are added to the end of a document. The bibliography contains the list of resources from which the writer obtained information for the report. The bibliography is generally placed at the end of the research report—after the recommendations section and before the appendixes.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Walonick, D. (2005). Elements of a research proposal and report. Retrieved July 27, 2009, from http://www.statpac.com/research-papers/research-proposal.htm
13. D
Tact. Tact is the ability to say or do the right thing in all circumstances. Tact helps to build good customer/client relations because it shows courtesy and respect to others. Generosity is a willingness to give of oneself or one's means. Character is the combination of traits or the reputation of an individual. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 259). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. C
Build a clientele. A clientele is a body of customers upon which an organization can rely for considerable repeat business. Building a clientele contributes to the success of the business. Obtaining feedback is finding out how customers feel about the store's policies. Segmenting the market involves dividing the total market into smaller, more specific groups.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. A
Serve promptly. The disagreeable customer is often surprised and calmed by employees who are composed, courteous, and efficient. When dealing with disagreeable customers, salespeople should serve them promptly in order to eliminate a reason for complaining. Salespeople should observe closely those customers whom they think may be dishonest. Salespeople should avoid interrupting disagreeable customers or acting offended by their unpleasant behavior.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: IS LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
16. D
Productive acts that satisfy economic wants. Services are also defined as intangible activities performed by other people for a certain amount of money. Examples of economic services are a haircut, a physical exam, and dry cleaning. Physical objects that are useful, scarce, and transferable are economic goods. Both goods and services require distribution.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
17. C
Resources. Economic resources are the natural and human resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services. Economic incentives are the monetary motivations for engaging in economic activity. An economic model serves to illustrate a point about economic happenings.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 53). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. B
Storing and retrieving information. Information management includes/requires an effective system for storing and retrieving information. A system for researching customers' needs would be used in marketing. Systems for hiring appropriate employees and for conducting employee evaluations would be used in human resources management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
19. C
Lack of competition. Government ownership eliminates competition, which may result in higher prices, smaller selections, and lower product quality. Government ownership usually includes det ailed central planning. Resources may be used less efficiently because businesses are not free to increase their productivity by finding less costly and time-consuming methods of production.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 93-94). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
20. C
By increasing tax dollars paid to government. Profitable businesses can expand, hire more workers, and invest in new businesses. All of these help to make the economy stronger and healthier because they result in more tax dollars paid to the government. The government uses the additional tax dollars to pay for services and programs, such as education and defense, which benefit all citizens. Profitable businesses meet consumers' wants and needs by developing new and improved goods and services, conserving resources for future use, and conveniently serving customers.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
21. C
Capital goods. The use of specialized types of machinery to do specific tasks at high rates of speed is specialization involving capital goods. Capitalism is an economic system that is characterized by free enterprise. Natural resources are resources found in nature. Human resources are the people who use their skills in different jobs.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 293-294). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
22. C
Surplus. Countries strive to export more goods and services than they import in order to maintain high levels of production and sales which assure greater earnings. A trade deficit occurs when imports exceed exports. Balance of trade is the difference between a nation's exports and its imports. Expansion is a form of growth.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
23. C
A cultural belief. The belief that one can be protected from evil by doing certain things can be found in many cultures. Businesspeople need to be aware of different cultural beliefs in order to deal effectively with people from other countries. Cultural baggage includes all the ways people interpret the things that happen in their lives. Many people believe that any practice of another culture that differs from their own is a matter of ignorance when, in fact, the issue is often their own lack of understanding. Some beliefs may be shared by several classes, so the amulet does not define the class.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Bravewell Collaborative. (2009). The power of beliefs and the importance of culture. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.bravewell.com/integrative_medicine/philosophical_foundation/beliefs_and_culture /
24. A
Directness and impatience. Because of cultural differences, some countries believe that U.S. businesspeople are rude and arrogant. This stems from differing viewpoints about time and work ethic. Americans tend to be direct and to the point—they often want to "get down to business" right away. Then, they can move on to the next issue or task. In this way, U.S. businesspeople have a very strong work ethic. However, businesspeople from other cultures often want to take time to get know the people with whom they do business, and they tend to take a more relaxed, leisurely approach to business encounters. Because Americans value time, they often become impatient with those who want to take more time for business activities. When this comes across in a negative way, others think these people are rude and arrogant. Politeness, honesty, and dedication are positive attributes, and most foreigners appreciate these characteristics in businesspeople. Being inflexible may be viewed as a strength in some cultures and a weakness in others. Being adaptable is a positive attribute to exhibit in any culture because it indicates that the person has respect for others and has tolerance for differences.
SOURCE: EC:130
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [p. 185]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
25. A
Time. The concept of time is an important consideration when doing business with foreigners. In some cultures (e.g., Germany), punctuality is very important; therefore, it is important to be on time to any meetings or social gatherings. In other cultures, time is less important or is viewed differently. For example, in some countries, businesspeople will keep people waiting while they finish another activity, so that s/he can provide the visitor with his/her undivided attention. This action may appear rude to people in some cultures, while it is viewed as a courtesy in other cultures. Spatial issues refer to the amount of personal space (close, distant) different cultures allow during interpersonal interaction. Achievement is the level to which a person reaches his/her personal goals. Education is the type and level of training or schooling that a person has obtained.
SOURCE: EC:131
SOURCE: InternationalBusinessCenter.org. (1998-2008). Germany: Behavior. Retrieved July 23, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/germany.htm
26. A
Body language. Body language is a person's nonverbal cues—facial expressions, movements, posture, and gestures. It is important for foreign businesspeople to understand that gestures, which may be appropriate or positive to people in one country, may be offensive to people in another country. Taking the time to research a country's culture and behavioral expectations can prevent foreign businesspeople from making embarrassing mistakes—mistakes that may affect the outcome of business transactions. Verbal skills refer to oral language. Table manners are elements of body language. Gender differences are the different ways in which males and females are perceived in other cultures.
SOURCE: EC:132
SOURCE: InternationalBusinessCenter.org. (1998-2008). Brazil: Appearance. Retrieved July 23, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/brazil.htm
27. D
Language barriers. Misusing and mispronouncing words in another language can create a lot of misunderstandings and be very embarrassing in a business situation. When language is an issue, it is often best to hire a professional translator for meetings with foreign businesspeople. Nonverbal cues (body language) are gestures, facial expressions, and the way people carry their bodies. The example does not provide enough information to determine if Kevin and Mr. Suzuki have different work ethics or if they have attitude problems related to change.
SOURCE: EC:133
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 198-200]. Boston: McGrawHill/Irwin.
28. B
Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public. When businesspeople visit a foreign country, they should try to learn about the culture so that they don't do something offensive. Before going to a foreign country, businesspeople should research the country's standards for appearance and dress. For example, wearing shorts or tank tops in Middle Eastern country is exhibiting an inappropriate appearance. Middle Eastern businesspeople would not take foreigners seriously and would be quite offended if they walked around in shorts and tank tops. Other aspects of the culture that foreign businesspeople may want to research include nonverbal behavior such as facial expressions and gestures and communication styles. Because government and religion are closely connected in many Middle Eastern countries, visitors should also understand the religious practices of Middle Eastern countries.
SOURCE: EC:134
SOURCE: InternationalBusinessCenter.org. (1998-2008). United Arab Emirates: Appearance. Retrieved July 23, 2009, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/uae.htm
29. C
Promoted. Employees with initiative have a much better chance of being selected for promotion or advancement because they have shown their willingness to do more. They also enjoy greater job security and, therefore, are much less likely to be threatened by exploitation, termination, or transfer.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
30. D
Stealing. Stealing is taking something that belongs to someone else with no intention of returning it. Misusing company time is a form of stealing because the company is paying for that time, and it cannot be replaced. Ethical employees work during all of the hours for which they are paid. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Pilfering is taking small sums of money or inexpensive items. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
31. B
Accepting the consequences for the decisions he made. When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. In the example, Tim admits that he made a mistake by not conducting computer backup activities, so is accepting the responsibility for his behavior. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future, rather than promising not to make any more mistakes. It does not always involve making informed decisions because some people make decisions without knowing all the facts, or they make impulsive decisions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: McGuirk, S. (n.d.). Personal responsibility and decision making: The moments of truth. Retrieved August 6, 2009, from http://www.hsc.unt.edu/departments/oasis/documents/personal_decision_making.ppt
32. A
Planning ahead. If you plan ahead, you leave yourself enough time to complete important tasks, which is important when unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. Scheduling activities too close together may be stressful, particularly if unexpected situations or delays occur. When you focus on the unimportant details, you are wasting time and energy. Managing work commitments does not always involve organizing others' activities.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Time Management. (n.d.). Manage your scheduling commitments—six effective guidelines to get things done (part 1). Retrieved July 31, 2009 http://www.timemanagment.info/111/manage-your-time-scheduling-commitments-sixeffective-guidelines-to-get-things-done/
33. C
Responsible. Positive people accept responsibility for their own actions and don't try to blame others when they make a mistake. They care about their job duties and are willing to learn new tasks or to take on new duties. This makes them valuable employees. Positive people are flexible and adaptable. They are also generous, but that is not important to the business. Whether they are well trained is related to their background rather than their attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
34. C
It tells her how she can improve her performance. Constructive feedback on the job is essential in order for employees to grow professionally. It should be given in a tactful way that does not attack, embarrass, or discourage the recipient. The other alternatives are results of destructive feedback on the job.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
35. C
Manipulative. Assertive people are direct and upfront rather than being manipulative. This is part of honest communication. Assertive people may also be considerate, respectful, or talkative, but these qualities are not necessarily associated with being direct and upfront.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
36. B
Agree on an alternative. To reach a consensus, the entire group must agree on an alternative. Consensus is not about voting, having a leader, or relying on the majority's opinion because, with consensus, everyone's say is equal.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard
37. C
Allowing followers to take moderate risks. Achievement-oriented leaders allow their followers to take moderate risks. This can lead to greater accomplishments for the team, as well as more confidence for the individuals. Achievement -oriented leaders set challenging goals for their followers, not easy goals. They also provide feedback and expect their followers to take responsibility.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
38. B
Explaining how they will benefit. People tend to work harder to achieve a vision or goal if they understand how they will benefit. Therefore, a leader should explain the benefits they will receive so employees will be encouraged to work toward a shared vision. Simply describing the objective or reviewing the new assignment will not encourage employees to work unless they also understand how they will benefit. Generating a profit is a benefit to the business that will not necessarily encourage employees to work unless they will share in the profit.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2004). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (4th ed.) [p. 291]. New York: Houghton Mifflin.
39. A
Adapt human relations skills to the different work situations. This approach helps people to get along well with others. A casual relationship is relatively unstructured and has few rules. This is not always appropriate for the job, nor is it appropriate to act the same in all situations with all people. Neither approach would be acceptable when dealing with supervisors, subordinates, and even some coworkers. You may come in contact with a great many people at work, but the number of people is not the most important consideration.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
40. D
To meet future financial needs. There are many types of life insurance available to meet an individual's future financial needs. Some types of life insurance have cash value and can be redeemed at the end of the payment period. Other types are intended to make a lump sum payment to beneficiaries upon an individual's death. Many people decide what their financial needs or goals are in the future, and then invest in the types of life insurance policies that will meet those needs. Disability insurance, rather than life insurance, provides income to those who become disabled. Certain types of health insurance will pay for private health care. Individuals name their beneficiaries when purchasing life insurance policies, but that is not why they invest in those policies.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 466-469). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. C
Allow borrowers to use their money for a price. With a lending investment, investors allow borrowers to use their money for a price. The extra money received provides the motivation for lending. With any investment, an investor might decide to hire a financial advisor. No investment avoids risk altogether. Money market accounts (specific lending investments) sometimes require investors to maintain a minimum amount of money in the investment.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
42. B
Financial plan. The risk of financial loss is the basic risk in business. The key to reducing financial risk is the estimate of financial needs, capital, to support alternative target returns for each aspect of the business. Therefore, the development of a financial plan is a critical step in reducing business risk. The marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. The information system provides an organized way of gathering, sorting, analyzing, evaluating, and distributing the data the business needs. Cash-flow analysis predicts whether the cash generated by a business can cover the operating expenses and loan repayments. This analysis identifies the need for capital but does not create it.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
43. C
Expenses from gross margin. Cost of goods sold is subtracted from net sales to determine gross margin. Subtracting operating expenses from gross margin calculates net income, or profit. Subtracting liabilities (debts) from assets (items of value) gives a business's net worth, or the value of the business. Operating expenses, the costs of operating a business, would not be subtracted from net worth. Sales revenue, the income of a business, cannot be subtracted from trade credit, which is an agreement whereby the supplier sells products to a buyer but does not require immediate payment.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
44. D
Payroll and benefits. Payroll and benefits are often one of the largest sources of money flowing out of a business because businesses must pay employees for their labor. Many businesses also pay for employee benefits, such as health insurance, paid vacation, sick leave, tuition reimbursements, and retirement savings. Businesses bring money in by selling goods and services. Accounts receivable are all the monies owed to a firm by its customers. Profit and loss indicates if the business is making sufficient money to cover its expenses.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
45. D
Gross profit. Gross profit is determined by subtracting the cost of goods sold/cost of sales from revenue. It is the total amount of money a business makes as a profit before all other remaining expenses have been deducted. Determining the gross profit helps businesses to see how much money they invested in making or obtaining their products versus how much it costs to operate the business. The bottom line is net profit, which is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Cash flow is the movement of money into and out of a business.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
46. B
Investments. The administration of assets refers to decisions about investments. Each company has assets—things it owns that are of value. Financial managers are responsible for determining what types of assets the company should own, as well as the proper mix of those assets. Financial managers do not necessarily make decisions about accounting. They do make decisions about company spending, but this is not necessarily involved in the administration of assets. Financing decisions are referred to as the acquisition of funds.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
47. B
An estimate of income and expense for a specific period. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period. Budgets are made of two large categories, income and expense, and are tied to a specific period of time. A budget might act as a plan for limiting personal spending, but only as it relates to the definition of income and expense. Budgets are not defined as a method for evaluating a manager's performance, mainly because there is often good reason to stray from budgeted amounts. (Budgets are estimates.) A budget can be part of the reason for a business's success, but it must be combined with effective management, well-trained employees, a solid business plan, etc.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
48. B
Determining need. The first task in the HR management activity of staffing is determining need. A company cannot fill job positions with appropriate employees until it knows exactly where human resources are lacking. Determining job descriptions, recruiting, and screening and selecting applicants are all staffing activities that occur after need has been determined.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
49. D
Easy to communicate and quantify. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. In some cases, tacit knowledge might evolve from a gut feeling or intuition about something.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: The OR Society. (2003). Explicit and tactic knowledge. Retrieved July 27, 2009, from http://www.orsoc.org.uk/about/topic/projects/kmwebfiles/explicit_and_tacit.htm
50. C
An employee deliberately doesn't share information with management that will help the company meet its goals. Knowledge management is the process of leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. If an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. For example, the employee might be unwilling to share information because s/he has a grudge against a certain manager. Or, the employee might be unwilling to share information with coworkers because s/he wants to use the knowledge as leverage with management for career-advancement purposes. The remaining examples do not provide enough information to determine if an ethical issue exists in relation to knowledge management.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: Wang, Chi-Chien. (2004, September 19). The influence of ethical and self-interest concerns on knowledge sharing intentions among managers: An empirical study. International Journal of Management, Vol. 21, Issue 3, pp. 370-380.
51. A
Webcam. A webcam is a video camera that attaches to a personal computer and transmits real-time images through the Internet. Webcams are tools that many businesses use to share information and knowledge through videoconferences with people who are located in different geographic locations. Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information (e.g., spam). A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A kiosk is a stand-alone structure located in public places and is designed to provide information and sell products.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 21, 49]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
52. D
Injunction. An injunction is a court order forbidding a business or a person to perform certain activities. For example, if a former restaurant-chain employee discloses to others a trade secret, such as the chain's fried-chicken recipe, the restaurant chain can request an injunction, which legally requires the former employee to stop circulating the recipe. A warrant is a legal document granting permission to do something, such as search a building or facility for evidence. An appeal is a request to review the decision of a lower court. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: Nolo. (2009). Trade secret basics faq. Retrieved July 27, 2009, from http://www.nolo.com/article.cfm/pg/5/objectId/90781CA8-0ECE-4E38BF9E29F7A6DA5830/catId/1FBE2D95-203C-4D38-90A2A9A60C6FD618/310/119/FAQ/
53. A
Market share. A company's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market is known as its market share. Increased market share is a positive result for any company. Efficiency refers to how well a company is getting its job done compared to the amount of effort it's putting in. Ethics refer to a business's moral standards. Brand value refers to the worth of a brand.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
54. D
Creating data. Information management does not involve creating data, just processing it. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision making.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
55. A
Cellular phones. Many businesses provide their outside salespeople with cellular phones, which enables the business to communicate with salespeople when they are traveling. The benefit of using cell phones is that salespeople can call in orders from distant locations or receive important information from the business that will help them in selling to customers. Data processing gathers and analyzes information but does not communicate with salespeople while they are traveling. Fax machines are not widely used to communicate with salespeople while they are traveling from one customer to another, although a business might fax information to a salesperson's hotel. Voice recognition is a feature of some cell phones.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 158]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. A
Including it as a file attachment or by pasting it into the body of the e-mail. If the sender is unsure of the receiver's ability to read a document type, pasting the document into the e-mail is the best choice. If maintaining the format is important and the sender knows the receiver can read the document type, a file attachment is best. While rekeying is a possibility, the amount of time required makes this a poor choice. Hyperlinks lead to places on the World Wide Web or to other places in the document, so cannot be used to locate a file on either a local or network computer.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Microsoft Corporation. (2003, August 20). Compose and send e-mail messages using Outlook Express. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.microsoft.com/windows/ie/using/howto/oe/composesend.mspx#EAAA
57. C
Mailing labels. Database software programs have the ability to sort customer lists based on a variety of criteria such as zip code, name, type of business, etc. Once a list of customers has been identified based on specific criteria, the database software can generate mailing labels for the targeted customers. This enables a business to send information to select customers rather than to the entire customer list. Database software programs are not used to print sales catalogs, budget reports, or internal memos.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 199). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. B
Schedule tasks. Project management is the process of planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of a project to achieve a specific goal. There are computer-software programs available that help businesspeople manage their projects. The software can help businesspeople determine the resources that they will need to complete the project, such as materials and supplies, people (e.g., contractors, employees), and money; however, the software does not handle the hiring process. Software can also help businesspeople schedule the various tasks needed to complete the project on time and within budget. Businesspeople do not use project-management software to establish credit or authorize payments.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The Complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 366-367]. New York: Penguin Group.
59. B
To time each promotion appropriately. A typical reason businesses keep promotional records is to time each promotion effectively. They also want to evaluate the effectiveness of each promotion. Businesses do not keep promotional records to prepare for lawsuits in advance, although the information may come in handy if there's a dispute about something. Businesses do not keep promotional records for the purpose of answering employees' questions, although the records may be useful in a discussion. Although keeping a promotion within budget is important, it is not the typical reason businesses keep the records in the first place.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
60. A
Rights to privacy. More and more businesses are using marketing information systems to collect personal information about customers. What businesses do with this information is important because they risk violating their customers' rights to privacy. Businesses need to protect their customers' rights to privacy because customers who feel that businesses have misused their private information may stop buying from those businesses or go so far as to take legal action. Customers' access to credit, level of service, or need for information are not affected by a business's use of a marketing information system.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 191]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
61. B
Inventory. Companies keep many types of records about their various business activities. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. The goal of a sales promotion is to stimulate short-term sales. A company that is planning a sales promotion featuring specific products needs to make sure that there are enough products available at the right time to meet the anticipated increases in customer demand. By reviewing inventory reports, employees can see how much stock is available and how much they need to order to ensure stock is available during the sales promotion. Accounting, operations, and performance data do not provide enough information to make an informed decision about inventory issues.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
62. D
Day-to-day activities. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for the company to function. This includes obtaining and allocating the appropriate type and amount of resources to do the work, such as employees, equipment, and supplies. Strategic management involves determining, monitoring, and managing long-term goals for the company. Communication is the exchange of information, which is necessary in the workplace to complete a wide range of internal and external business activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 358-359]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
63. C
Zoning ordinances. Zoning ordinances are regulations that govern the ways in which land and buildings may be used in certain jurisdictions. In many towns and cities, land is designated for commercial (business) or residential use. Although zoning ordinances vary by community, they may regulate the size of the facility. In many situations, cities require that some buildings be designed to accommodate a certain style (e.g., American colonial). A company that wants to build a facility in a certain location must consider the city's zoning ordinances to make sure that the regulations are compatible with the company's needs and goals. Health regulations are laws that are designed to protect the health and wellbeing of society. A partnership agreement is a written agreement (contract) signed by business partners that specifies the terms of the partnership arrangement. The tax code outlines the tax obligations and laws that individuals and businesses must follow.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Beatty, J. F., & Samuelson, S. S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 744]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
64. B
Following the proper procedures for closing the business. Businesses should establish definite procedures that must be followed in closing and locking the business to reduce the risk of burglary. Locking doors would be one procedure to follow, but some lights should be left on both inside and outside the business. Burglary takes place during hours the business is not opened, so having an emergency number by the phone would not help.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 164). Washington: Author.
65. C
Determining which activities are the most important. When you are prioritizing your work, you are ranking activities in the order of their relative importance. For example, suppose your supervisor wants you to submit a budget analysis on Thursday at 3:00 p.m. and a project-status report for a meeting on Friday at 10:00 a.m. Because the budget analysis takes more time to prepare and is due before the project-status report, you determine that it is important to complete the budget analysis before the project-status report. When you work on two or more activities at the same time, you are multi-tasking. When you assign authority or responsibility to another person, you are delegating. Group decision making occurs when several people are choosing among two or more alternatives or courses of action.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Eruptingmind.com. (2009). How do I prioritize? Retrieved July 27, 2009, from http://www.eruptingmind.com/how-do-i-prioritize/
66. D
Thread, buttons, and zippers from Tara and denim from Bill. Work efforts are often interdependent— workers rely on each other to accomplish a task or goal. In many situations, specific people are responsible for providing specific elements to complete a project or achieve a goal. In the example, Lauren needs several items from Bill and Tara so that she can perform her job of sewing the jeans. Because Bill is the fabric buyer, he is responsible for buying the denim so Lauren can make the jeans. Tara buys the small items needed to make the jeans, so she is responsible for obtaining items such as thread, buttons, zippers, snaps, and pins. Corduroy is a different type of fabric used to make various types of apparel items.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The Complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 95-100]. New York: Penguin Group.
67. C
Human. Human resources are people who work to produce goods and services. Karen's coworkers are people she needs to help her complete the project. Technical resources might include computers, telephones, and fax machines. Financial resources include monetary lenders and cash. Intangible resources are not capable of being detected through the senses.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
68. A
Monitoring. Controlling is an important aspect of managing projects effectively. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Monitoring is periodically checking on the progress of something. Because Isabelle is asking Todd about the status of his work, she is monitoring his work effort. Initiating is the first step of the project-management process, which involves authorizing the work to begin. Isabelle had to coordinate and assign work activities before team members could begin to work on their tasks.
SOURCE: OP:340
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 250, 285-286]. New York: Penguin Group.
69. D
Solving problems together. Trust, honesty, and collaboration help a business build positive, long-term relationships with its vendors. When the business and a vendor collaborate, they work together to solve problems and implement strategies that will help both of them achieve their business goals. Limiting communication, negotiating too aggressively, and withholding information may hurt a business's relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 114-115, 122-123]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. D
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements, the vendor needs to custom make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Cash, R. P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J. W., & Friedlander, J. S. (2006). Management of retail buying (p. 208). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
71. B
Pens, paper clips, staples, and copy paper. Inventory is all the stock that a business has on hand. Businesses often carry many types of inventory-items for resale, maintenance supplies, office supplies, etc. Businesses keep office supplies on hand so employees have the tools they need to do their jobs. Types of office supplies that employees use include pens, paper clips, staples, copy paper, envelopes, and pencils. Pliers and hammers are tools. Paper towels and light bulbs are types of maintenance supplies.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2009). How to manage office supplies inventory. Retrieved July 29, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4518917_manage-office-supplies-inventory.html
72. A
Prevent losses to the business. A business should try to produce only as much as it can produce well. If production quantities exceed consumer demand, the business will lose money on unsold products. If the business does not produce enough to meet consumer demand, it will lose sales to competitors. Planning production quantities does not help increase demand, locate resources, or sequence production steps.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
73. D
Operating. Operating expenses include variable and fixed expenses. Variable expenses may be different from month to month, e.g., payroll and supplies. These are directly affected by production or sales. Fixed expenses, on the other hand, remain the same for an extended period of time, e.g., mortgage or rent. A liability is a debt owed either short -term (due in the current fiscal year) or long-term.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 767-769). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. A
To buy new equipment. One way that businesses can use the money saved by controlling expenses is to buy new equipment. Employees need up-t o-date equipment in order to do their jobs properly and efficiently. Controlling expenses provides businesses with the money they need to obtain new equipment that keeps up with the advances in technology. Buying new equipment helps businesses to remain competitive and earn profits.Businesses would not use money saved by controlling expenses to invest in their competitors, purchase excess inventory, or obtain bank loans.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Think Big. (2009, April 29). Steps for reducing business expenses. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1682579/steps_for_reducing_business_expenses. html?cat=3
75. D
Repair of the firm's equipment. Maintenance of a business includes repairing the business's equipment and preventing the need for repairs by taking care of the equipment on a routine basis. The visual merchandising, or display, department is responsible for the construction and installation of displays. Purchasing handles the buying of stock, and inventory is monitored by receiving and purchasing.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
76. D
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to make adjustments, so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations. Production is the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring, so it can take the appropriate steps to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the production issues relate to the production-workers' performance levels, raw materials and inventory shortages, or equipment malfunctions.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: B2T Training. (2009). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved August 3, 2009, from http://www.b2ttraining.com/curriculum/training-program/Business-Analyst-Skills/
77. D
Is appropriate for the occasion. The clothing outfits you choose should suit the occasion—whether professional or personal. Colors, patterns, and textures should be well balanced. An outfit should have one focal point and should maximize personal strengths. Clothing that looks, or is, expensive would not be appropriate for all occasions.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
78. C
Yourself. In order to set goals for yourself, you must have a clear understanding of what your skills and abilities are. You cannot be successful unless you know who you are, what you want to achieve, and what you are capable of doing. An understanding of human relations will help you in your interactions with others. An understanding of technology will help you toward career success. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
79. A
General Aptitude Test Battery. The General Aptitude Test Battery (GATB) will measure your aptitude in the following areas: verbal, numerical, and spatial aptitude; general learning; form and clerical perception; motor coordination; and finger and manual dexterity. It is often available through the school system. The Activities Preference Inventory is a professionally prepared test created to help you identify your areas of greatest interest by asking you about activities that appeal to you. The Scholastic Aptitude Test and a Standard Proficiency Test are used to determine levels of academic achievement.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. D
Marketing communications. Taylor's career in public relations is in the area of marketing communications. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience. Examples of marketing communication techniques include advertising, direct marketing, digital marketing, publicity/public relations, and sales promotion. Taylor's career is not in the areas of operations management, professional selling, or marketing research. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, such as designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
81. B
Passion for. Successful entrepreneurs are all passionate and enthusiastic about what they are doing. They enjoy their work, and they often start their businesses so that they can share their natural talents, interests, or hobbies with others. Successful entrepreneurs do not have concerns or reservations about what they are doing; if they did, they wouldn't have started their businesses in the first place. Entrepreneurs certainly are not apathetic or indifferent about what they are doing; they are dedicated to it.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
82. A
Trade shows. A trade show is a promotional method that many businesses use to introduce new products, generate new sales leads, and contact current customers at the same time. A trade show gives businesses the opportunity to display their products and meet with a large number of potential and current customers. Many businesses spend a significant portion of their promotional budgets on trade shows because they are an effective promotional method. Cash rebates involve returning part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. A sales contest is a way of motivating salespeople to increase their sales performance. Free samples are offers of a small amount of a product.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. C
Take disciplinary action. A firm's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. Often, businesses document the rules of conduct in an employee handbook. If employees break the firm's rules of conduct, the firm may take action to discipline the employee. Disciplinary actions that a firm might take include counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. Employees who do not follow the company's rules of conduct are not usually promoted. Although it is possible for a business to change certain policies, not all policies address the rules of conduct. For example, the business might change aspects of its selling policies, some of which may not address the sales staff's conduct in relation to the selling process. Quotas are specific goals (e.g., sales dollars) to be met.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 529-530, 533-534]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
84. D
Margaret. Companies develop a chain of command for employees to follow. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide structure for business. Because Ken is a production-line supervisor, he would report to Margaret, who is the section supervisor. Margaret reports to William, who manages the entire plant. William reports to Maggie, who is the vice-president of production. Because Sarah is the lead line worker, she reports to Ken who is the production-line supervisor. Line workers might report to Sarah.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2001). Understanding management (3rd ed.) [pp. 224-227]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
85. B
Provide direction. Organizational goals are the overall objectives that a group wants to achieve. Developing organizational goals provides the foundation for and direction to achieve the objectives or desired outcomes. Depending on the nature of the group or organization, one goal might involve achieving a profit, although profitability cannot be ensured. Groups develop organizational charts to outline the chain of command or levels of authority. Organizational goals cannot establish loyalty.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Associated Content. (2008, October 3). The nature of organizational goals. Retrieved July 31, 2009, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1059363/the_nature_of_organizational_goals.html
86. C
Job responsibilities. A business needs its employees to carry out their job responsibilities in order for the business to achieve its overall objectives or organizational goals. Management determines these goals and assigns job responsibilities to the employees who will accomplish the goals. For example, the primary responsibility of an accounts-receivable employee is to process the business's financial receipts. By fulfilling this responsibility, the employee is helping the business achieve its overall goal of acquiring income, so it can continue to operate. The benefits package does not affect the employee's role in helping a business achieve its goals. Employees are given specific goals to accomplish in relation to their jobs, which may or may not include some risk taking. Networking, which is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development, may or may not be an important aspect of an employee's job responsibilities.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Success Factors. (n.d.). Goal management. Retrieved July 31, 2009, from http://www.successfactors.com/goal-management/small/
87. D
Project scope. A project charter is a document that outlines the purpose and terms of the project, describes the team members' responsibilities, and serves as a contract with the project's stakeholders. An important element of the project charter is the project scope. The project scope provides details about the boundaries of the project, including specific deliverables, requirements, and timelines. The project objectives section of the project charter describes the desired outcomes of the project. The project background section describes historical information that is relevant to the project. The project resources section summarizes the various types of resources that will be needed to complete the project (e.g., human resources, materials, etc.).
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Baker, N. (2009, February 23). Project charter example for every project manager. Retrieved July 28, 2009, from http://www.brighthub.com/office/project-management/articles/5159.aspx
88. B
Divide the workload into independent work packages. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. The related activities in each component make up the work package. Work packages help the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor project activities. After dividing the entire workload into independent work packages, the project manager can determine timeframes, monitor the work, and evaluate the quality of the work after the activities have been performed.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [p. 102]. New York:Penguin Group.
89. A
Project managers are often responsible for coordinating the activities of team members from several departments. Many types of projects require the input and skills of team members from different departments—finance, legal, production, research and development, etc. When managing cross-functional project teams, the project manager must understand each team member's role in the project so s/he can effectively coordinate all of the activities that need to be completed for the project. Although the project manager may be responsible for developing a budget for the project, the operations manager is usually responsible for developing the business's operating budget. Because team members have different experiences, skills, and perceptions, project managers may, in some situations, need to intervene and help resolve conflicts. Although financial-management expertise may be important, project managers must have effective communication skills in order to guide the team members' activities and help them to resolve problems and conflicts.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 269-270]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. B
Documenting results. An important part of closing a project is documenting the project's results. This involves advising the stakeholders of the project's outcomes, which is often provided in a formal report. Setting goals, selecting resources, and assigning tasks in a logical sequence are activities that take place when initiating a project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 332-333]. New York:Penguin Group.
91. A
Improvement. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Quality assurance is the processes involved in checking processes or products to ensure that they are consistently meeting the business's quality standards. Deviation is the degree to which a process or product does not meet the business's quality standards.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com (2009). Quality improvement. Retrieved July 31, 2009, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quality-improvement.html
92. B
Lowering costs. Quality management involves the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. First implemented by Motorola, Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals in order to continuously improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. An important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is continuously lowering costs while improving quality. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. The focus of the Six Sigma framework involves the efficient allocation of its own internal and external resources rather than the assessment of competitors. Continuous improvement may or may not require intermediary changes and increases in visibility.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: Daft, R.L., & Marcic, D. (2009). Understanding management: Instructor's edition (6th ed.) [pp. 576-577]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
93. A
Increase efficiency. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. The improvement of processes is often related to increased efficiency. When a business wants to improve efficiency, it is looking for ways to maximize the use of its resources, such as money and time. It might also involve applying employees' skills in new and different ways, which will streamline processes and improve efficiency. Continuous improvement may or may not involve finding ways to motivate employees, encouraging employees' creativity, or communicating more effectively.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Smith, A. (2008, April 4). Continuous process improvement: The search for efficiency through redesign. Retrieved August 4, 2009, from http://businessmanagement.suite101.com/article.cfm/continuous_process_improvement
94. B
Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics. Employees must clearly understand the business's ethical standards and expectations. Offering ethics training can help employees understand the business's rules and ethical standards. Employees who do not have a clear understanding of the business's expectations in relation to ethical behavior put the business at risk. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. Because employees' experiences and beliefs often vary and because there are many gray areas in the business world, the business should not allow employees to follow their personal set of ethics or assume that the employees know what the business considers ethical behavior. Ethics are a set of principles that do not vary by situation.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics. Retrieved August 3, 2009, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
95. D
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit-card numbers). Another way that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information, which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll, rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Harwood, M. (2009, July 28). TJX settles data breach for $9.7 million. Retrieved August 3, 2009, from http://www.securitymanagement.com/news/tjx-settles-data-breach-97-million005941
96. B
Financial losses in relation to lawsuits. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may face a lawsuit. If the business loses the lawsuit, it may be required to pay money to the plaintiff. For example, if an employee is severely injured on the job, s/he might decide to file a lawsuit against the business for negligent behavior. If the court finds that the business acted negligently because it didn't follow safety regulations, then the business may be required to pay the employee, which is costly to the business. Acquiring insurance that offers lower premiums saves the business money and is not always related to business regulations. Customer-satisfaction levels are not always related to the business's compliance issues. Businesses that develop and implement effective reporting methods can minimize their risk in relation to compliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics. Retrieved August 3, 2009, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
97. C
Setting goals. The management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished is planning. An important aspect of the planning function is determining the goals or desired outcomes. All other functions of management—organizing, staffing, controlling, and directing—are affected by the planning function. Monitoring work is an element of the control function of management. Training employees and assessing their performance are elements of the staffing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (1997-2008). Planning in organizations. Retrieved July 29, 2009, from http://managementhelp.org/plan_dec/plan_dec.htm
98. A
Organizing. The management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done is organizing. Organizing involves determining how to best use the available resources (i.e., financial, material, human) in the most efficient manner to achieve the business's goals. Leading is guiding or directing the actions of others in a desired manner. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: McNamera, C. (n.d.). Management function of organizing: Overviews of methods. Retrieved July, 29, 2009, from http://managementhelp.org/orgnzing/orgnzing.htm
99. D
Necessary skills. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. An important aspect of staffing involves hiring employees to do the work. To hire qualified employees, the manager must know what skills are needed to perform the work. Investment goals, communication methods, and reimbursement procedures are not primary staffing considerations when a manager decides to hire a new employee.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Taleo Corporation. (2009). Staffing management. Retrieved July 29, 2009, from http://www.taleo.com/research/g-staffing-management-19.php
100. D
Directing their work activities. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. When managers are directing the staff members' work, they are monitoring and evaluating the work to determine if it is being done correctly. This often involves observing the employees and providing feedback. The scope of control that an employee has over his/her work affects how much a manager directs the employee's work. If an employee has a great deal of control over his/her work, has authority to make decisions about how his/her work is accomplished, and works independently in a responsible manner, then the manager does not need to spend a lot of time directing the employee's work activities. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Identifying ways to achieve goals is an element of the planning function. Negotiating employee contracts is an activity associated with the staffing function of management.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (1998-2009). Directing function of management. Retrieved July 29, 2009, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/directing_function.htm