Test 1031
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. In order for a contract between two parties to be legally binding, one party must make an offer and the other party must accept the offer. This offer and acceptance meet the __________ provision.
A. consideration
B. competent parties
C. legality
D. agreement
No Status
2. When an agent legally acts in the best interests of his/her client, the agent is establishing a(n) _______ relationship.
A. authoritative
B. fiduciary
C. principal
D. legislative
No Status
3. Which of the following usually is a benefit of listening to others and trying to understand what they are saying in order to respond appropriately:
A. Access to management
B. Guaranteed promotions
C. Respect of coworkers
D. Fewer assignments
No Status
4. An effective technique for personalizing a telephone sales presentation is to
A. greet the customer by name.
B. ask the customer questions.
C. use a merchandise approach.
D. call the prospect at home.
No Status
5. One of the advantages of rehearsing an oral presentation is that it gives the businessperson the opportunity to
A. organize new information.
B. prepare attractive visuals.
C. time the presentation.
D. anticipate questions.
No Status
6. When writing persuasive messages to convince customers to do something, it is often helpful to explain the
A. benefits of taking action.
B. business's point of view.
C. technical aspects in detail.
D. predictions for the future.
No Status
7. Supplemental materials that help to explain the information contained in a simple report can be included in the form of
A. resources.
B. references.
C. attachments.
D. bibliographies.
No Status
8. When analytical reports contain information that readers might disagree with, writers should back their conclusions with
A. enthusiastic statements.
B. technical statistics.
C. personal opinions.
D. logical arguments.
No Status
9. Which of the following statements would be placed in the introductory section of a research report:
A. Based on the previously stated findings, it is recommended that the XYZ Company revise its operating budget.
B. The purpose of this study is to determine why sales have been decreasing for three consecutive quarters.
C. The survey consisted of 250,600 respondents from the northern region of the country.
D. The statistics indicate that the business is losing up to 15% of its market share to new competitors.
No Status
10. What channel of staff communication are managers usually unable to control?
A. Grapevine
B. Downward
C. Formal
D. Objective
No Status
11. Employees usually are able to provide good customer service by considering the customers'
A. wages.
B. habits.
C. needs.
D. appearance.
No Status
12. A customer has politely expressed dissatisfaction with the business's policy, but s/he is actually upset about an employee's attitude. This is an example of a
A. difficult customer.
B. customer objection.
C. false accusation.
D. hidden complaint.
No Status
13. Offering higher wages, employee-assistance programs, and benefits are responses to limited
A. capital goods.
B. natural resources.
C. human resources.
D. economic resources.
No Status
14. What happens when the amount of a good that is supplied is greater than the amount demanded?
A. Prices increase rapidly.
B. Prices increase slowly.
C. Prices remain the same.
D. Prices go down.
No Status
15. The amount of satisfaction a product will provide a customer is referred to as the product's
A. price.
B. incentive.
C. value.
D. market.
No Status
16. Individuals put limits on their own economic freedom by
A. complying with the law.
B. competing with others.
C. making personal economic choices.
D. deciding to learn new job skills.
No Status
17. Risks that may result in a loss, no change, or a gain are
A. insurable.
B. uninsurable.
C. avoidable.
D. unimportant.
No Status
18. One of the benefits of economic growth is that government
A. will not need to find trading partners.
B. can ensure workers of finding jobs.
C. can carry out its activities more easily.
D. will have fewer problems to solve.
No Status
19. Which of the following is an important language consideration when conducting business with Canadians:
A. Titles are more important to English Canadians than they are to French Canadians.
B. Most French Canadians are not familiar with the English language.
C. French Canadians should be provided printed materials in both French and English.
D. French is the dominant language in most Canadian metropolitan areas.
No Status
20. David Lyle, an American businessperson, is in Munich, Germany to negotiate a deal with Braun's Bratwurst Company. When David opened his presentation with a joke, Braun's executives glared at him, and the room was silent. If David had done some research, he would have learned that
A. social interaction is necessary for successful negotiations.
B. Germans tend to have a casual attitude about business situations.
C. German businesspeople adapt to change easily.
D. it is inappropriate to use humor with Germans in business situations.
No Status
21. Katherine is going on a business trip to Argentina. Cecilia, Katherine's coworker, is from Argentina. Cecilia tells Katherine to make sure that she keeps her hands on the table because it is considered rude to put your hands in your lap while in a restaurant. Cecilia's tip is related to
A. verbal communication.
B. dress and appearance.
C. spatial differences.
D. dining etiquette.
No Status
22. When doing business in Taiwan, foreigners should avoid winking because this is considered a(n)
A. sincere greeting.
B. negotiation tactic.
C. verbal insult.
D. inappropriate gesture.
No Status
23. Which of the following is an example of a Saudi Arabian custom that relates to gender:
A. Women are not permitted to drive a car.
B. Friday is the day of rest.
C. The “thumbs up” symbol is offensive.
D. It is illegal to eat pork.
No Status
24. Foreign businesspeople should understand that Saudi Arabians might leave a business meeting for several minutes to attend daily prayers. This is an example of a custom related to
A. punctuality.
B. speech.
C. age.
D. religion.
No Status
25. Paige is a Canadian businessperson who is attending a meeting in India. What should Paige wear to the meeting to make a positive, professional impression?
A. Leather belt
B. Ornate jewelry
C. Conservative pantsuit
D. Sleeveless dress
No Status
26. Emotional intelligence is especially important today because
A. collaboration is becoming a standard method of achieving business goals.
B. our culture is more relaxed and free.
C. people need to interact in more secure business environments.
D. everyone can be a world traveler and see other cultures.
No Status
27. Most people have consistent patterns of behavior that are based on their personal characteristics known as personal
A. affirmations.
B. skills.
C. abilities.
D. traits.
No Status
28. In order for responsible employees to meet deadlines or timelines on the job, they must learn to avoid
A. cooperation.
B. initiative.
C. procrastination.
D. dedication.
No Status
29. Susan is a purchasing manager for a manufacturer. On Monday, Susan received a call from the plant manager, who frantically told Susan that the production line ran out of 3/8” washers, which has forced production to stop. Because Jason is the senior buyer in charge of ordering the washers, Susan set up a meeting with Jason to discuss the problem. During the meeting, Susan asked Jason to explain why the washers were out of stock. Jason replied, “Well, I told the office assistant to check the inventory. It's not my fault that we don't have the washers in stock.” What is Jason doing?
A. Blaming another person for his mistake
B. Helping Susan to resolve the problem
C. Providing Susan with a valid reason for the stock-out
D. Denying that a problem exists
No Status
30. To manage your work commitments in a timely manner, you should first
A. try to complete the least important tasks first.
B. determine the time it takes to complete various tasks.
C. allocate a minimal length of time to complete critical tasks.
D. complete tasks in the order of their difficulty.
No Status
31. A person who has willpower would also be described as having
A. self-respect.
B. self-understanding.
C. self-control.
D. self-affirmation.
No Status
32. Employee recognition and approval is a form of __________ feedback.
A. internal
B. positive
C. critical
D. negative
No Status
33. Jim likes to tease Susie because she gets upset, but she doesn't say anything to him about it. What kind of behavior is Susie exhibiting?
A. Passive
B. Aggressive
C. Independent
D. Verbal
No Status
34. Abby feels that the company's vacation policies are fair, while Joe thinks that they are too strict. Abby and Joe's disagreement is an example of a(n) ___________ conflict.
A. functional
B. essential
C. emotional
D. critical
No Status
35. Which of the following is a cost of credit:
A. Discounts
B. Finance charges
C. Fidelity bonds
D. Rebates
No Status
36. Which of the following is an example of an individual setting a financial goal:
A. Saving enough money to retire in 10 years
B. Making a will to distribute personal assets
C. Reviewing various health insurance options
D. Obtaining a credit card for emergencies
No Status
37. Business risks caused by negative personal characteristics are examples of __________ risks.
A. human
B. environmental
C. economic
D. marketing
No Status
38. In order for an accounting system to be useful to the business, the accounting information it contains must be
A. approved by the chief executive officer.
B. accurate and up-to-date.
C. posted by an accountant.
D. recorded using the accrual method.
No Status
39. Which of the following phrases effectively describes a business's income statement:
A. Financial picture
B. Budget estimate
C. Cash-flow report
D. Income preview
No Status
40. The cash conversion cycle should be
A. on an upward trend.
B. at equilibrium.
C. as long as possible.
D. as short as possible.
No Status
41. Businesses regularly evaluate and compare the figures in their original budgets to the actual figures in order to
A. establish quotas.
B. change investments.
C. make adjustments.
D. follow procedures.
No Status
42. Which of the following business functions is responsible for developing a firm's employee-orientation program:
A. Funding acquisition
B. Human resources
C. Information management
D. Security operations
No Status
43. Information consists of facts and data for a specific situation or condition, and knowledge consists of __________ and ___________ that accumulate over time.
A. definitions, competence
B. data, expertise
C. symbolism, transitions
D. fabrications, creativity
No Status
44. Pamela has devised a process that helps her complete her work in a more efficient manner. This is an example of
A. statistical information.
B. raw data.
C. tacit knowledge.
D. quantitative fact.
No Status
45. To have effective knowledge-management processes, businesses need their employees to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. argumentative
B. ethical
C. transparent
D. curious
No Status
46. What do companies often use to assign and track various business tasks?
A. Customer database
B. Accountability matrix
C. Surveillance system
D. Magnetic cards
No Status
47. Which of the following is an example of a business taking action to legally protect its intellectual property:
A. An organic farm obtains a patent for a new hybrid tomato plant.
B. A small sporting-goods business uses a logo that is very similar to a well-known athletic sportswear manufacturer.
C. A web-based company provides individuals the ability to download music without the consent of the song writers or owners.
D. A snack-food manufacturer hires a graphic artist to develop a trade character.
No Status
48. The use of sorting techniques to capture knowledge involves
A. setting long-term objectives.
B. obtaining and storing confidential information.
C. documenting relevant facts.
D. comparing and ordering concepts.
No Status
49. What process involves all of the planning, pricing, promoting, and distributing activities that must take place in order to get goods and services to the consumer?
A. Importing
B. Cognitive
C. Exchange
D. Marketing
No Status
50. Paulette works for a retail chain. She has been asked to determine if the retail chain should build another store in a remote but growing area of town. After obtaining the necessary information, what format should Paulette use to present her findings?
A. Business plan
B. Formal report
C. Instruction manual
D. Research diary
No Status
51. How does appropriate information management affect a business's relationship with its customers?
A. Businesses serve customers more effectively.
B. Businesses earn higher profits.
C. Businesses lose focus on customers.
D. Businesses make better financial decisions.
No Status
52. Which of the following is an example of a business managing its information in an ethical manner:
A. GVZ and Associates deliberately prepares its annual report to confuse readers.
B. The TKN Corporation sells its customer mailing list to third parties without consent.
C. OWC Manufacturing distributes an employee's performance review to his/her coworkers.
D. The XPB Company takes precautions to maintain the privacy of its clients' information.
No Status
53. Which component of project-management software helps project managers to determine the length of time that a series of interdependent tasks will take to complete under various circumstances:
A. Procurement
B. Critical path
C. Presentation
D. Channel management
No Status
54. Which of the following is a typical reason businesses keep financial records:
A. To support personnel decisions
B. To determine an asset's value
C. To make budget comparisons
D. To time promotions effectively
No Status
55. Which of the following is a business trend that might affect a local company:
A. Global competition
B. Domestic transportation
C. Social behavior
D. Physical environment
No Status
56. A primary reason for a business to interpret statistical findings is to
A. aid decision making.
B. promote creativity.
C. increase production.
D. influence buyers.
No Status
57. To maintain a hazard-free work environment, local regulations might require businesses to undergo
A. tax assessments.
B. accounting audits.
C. safety inspections.
D. ethics training.
No Status
58. Which of the following is a major effect of employee accidents on a business:
A. Financial loss
B. Loss of career
C. Reduction of benefits
D. Lower insurance rates
No Status
59. The purpose of depositing large bills in drop boxes upon receipt is to prevent
A. fraud.
B. robbery.
C. burglary.
D. pilferage.
No Status
60. Which of the following activities should be an employee's top priority:
A. Photocopying a three-page document for a meeting with a customer that is scheduled to occur five hours from now
B. Preparing a purchase order that needs to be faxed to the vendor in two days
C. Making reservations at a local restaurant for a business luncheon that is going to be held in two weeks
D. Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour
No Status
61. Which of the following situations is an example of employees coordinating their work efforts:
A. Bob unpacks a shipment and places the items on shelves in the warehouse.
B. Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him.
C. Sarah calls a vendor to verify the delivery date of an order, while Shelley sells products.
D. Ed reviews his monthly financial report to verify his calculations.
No Status
62. When you look at whether or not your project is “do-able,” what should you examine?
A. What the project is exactly
B. How much money the stakeholders want to invest
C. How long you have to complete the project
D. What could happen with a similar project
No Status
63. Which of the following is a situation that involves a project manager involved in a control activity:
A. Samantha reviews the qualifications of several employees to determine whom she wants on the project team.
B. Ben meets with the project's stakeholders to determine what they want the project to accomplish.
C. Adriana is coordinating and documenting the tasks that need to be completed for a construction project.
D. Tim reviews an inventory-status report to determine if there are enough supplies on hand for the next project phase.
No Status
64. What should project managers do when an unexpected situation occurs during the execution of a complex project?
A. Reassign work
B. Work overtime
C. Be flexible
D. Get support
No Status
65. An important step in the process of purchasing equipment and supplies for the business is
A. visiting trade shows.
B. reviewing revenues.
C. monitoring competitors.
D. selecting vendors.
No Status
66. When companies work with their vendors to develop mutually beneficial business arrangements, they are more likely to
A. maintain long-term relationships.
B. double their profit margins.
C. experience vertical conflict.
D. experience horizontal conflict.
No Status
67. Cassandra is a buyer for a department-store chain. On Tuesday, she placed a seasonal order with an apparel vendor without providing specific models, sizes, colors, or ship dates. What type of order did Cassandra place?
A. Standing
B. Special
C. Blanket
D. Rush
No Status
68. A business orders 10% more widgets than it needs because the supply of and the demand for widgets have been difficult to forecast in recent months. This is an example of a business ordering __________ inventory.
A. buffer
B. maintenance
C. perpetual
D. customary
No Status
69. Because the ILM Manufacturing Company orders large amounts of bolts and washers, the company's buyer asks its parts vendor for an additional five percent off the invoice total. This is an example of a business negotiating
A. delivery terms.
B. a quantity discount.
C. service terms.
D. a cash rebate.
No Status
70. Why is production important to businesses?
A. It enables businesses to charge high prices.
B. It prevents businesses from wasting resources.
C. It creates goods and services businesses can sell.
D. It informs businesses about consumers' needs and wants.
No Status
71. Why should maintenance schedules for company equipment be established and followed?
A. To control the quality of products
B. To make maintenance a daily chore
C. To minimize equipment failure
D. To increase equipment deterioration
No Status
72. When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A. informing customers.
B. comparing data.
C. submitting evidence.
D. influencing others' opinions.
No Status
73. Which of the following is a characteristic of orderly and systematic behavior:
A. Giving very little thought to the things you do
B. Having a rigid personality
C. Doing things in an organized and methodical manner
D. Having an excellent memory
No Status
74. Which of the following is not part of a person's weekly master plan in time management:
A. Scheduling when an activity will be completed during the day
B. Identifying the importance of each activity
C. Determining the time needed to complete each activity
D. Determining what activities have to be done
No Status
75. Which of the following is a source of career information that is available in most schools:
A. Industry recruiter
B. Admissions director
C. Guidance counselor
D. Curriculum planner
No Status
76. How should a job seeker respond to a business's help-wanted advertisement that asks applicants to send a resume?
A. By sending a resume and a cover letter
B. By sending the resume as requested
C. By calling on the business in person
D. By telephoning the business
No Status
77. The primary focus of most professional organizations/associations is generally to
A. expand members' professional knowledge.
B. increase profit for their members.
C. promote the field of marketing.
D. recruit new association members.
No Status
78. Employees who are unsure about workplace protocol and procedures should
A. ask their managers to clarify the policies.
B. follow their instincts.
C. conduct a formal investigation.
D. obtain suggestions from coworkers.
No Status
79. Which of the following is the most serious consequence to an employee who fails to follow the business's rules of conduct:
A. Verbal warning
B. Dismissal
C. Suspension
D. Written documentation
No Status
80. Which of the following is the proper sequence for the chain of command:
A. Accounting Department Manager, Accounts Payable Specialist, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
B. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist
C. Accounts Payable Specialist, Accounting Department Manager, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
D. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist
No Status
81. What do organizational goals provide to a business?
A. Profitability needs
B. Performance standards
C. Competent workers
D. Collaborative efforts
No Status
82. What is the primary action needed to ensure that employees understand their roles in meeting the business's overall goals?
A. Ongoing communication
B. Brainstorming activities
C. Motivational speeches
D. Peer evaluation
No Status
83. In which component of the project's statement of work (SOW) would the following message most likely appear: “Due to the limited amount of time allocated to complete the study, the survey sample size may need to be reduced.”
A. Benefits
B. Purpose
C. Constraints
D. Deliverables
No Status
84. Why do project managers develop a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects?
A. To provide team members with feedback for improvement
B. To provide stakeholders with project objectives
C. To identify and better manage all project activities
D. To communicate costs associated with the project
No Status
85. A project manager who wants a central location that contains relevant information about each component of the work breakdown structure (WBS) should develop a
A. pie chart.
B. WBS thesaurus.
C. training chart.
D. WBS dictionary.
No Status
86. Corrine is the project manager for a research project. Yesterday, Corrine told Anthony, one of the project team members, that he is responsible for developing the sample plan for a survey. What was Corrine doing?
A. Monitoring processes
B. Delegating work
C. Providing guidance
D. Evaluating performance
No Status
87. Releasing equipment, materials, and team members are tasks that are completed during the ___________ phase of a project.
A. closing
B. scheduling
C. planning
D. initiating
No Status
88. When evaluating the quality of its product, one factor that a business considers is the feedback that it receives from the product's users, which indicates
A. customer-satisfaction levels.
B. the product's durability.
C. the efficiency of the production process.
D. employee-performance ratings.
No Status
89. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software has the ability to conduct an audit that compares the business's existing production and acquisition processes with the CMMI model. The audit provides information that will allow the business to
A. incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes.
B. develop long-term financial and operating plans.
C. determine the best way to comply with government regulations.
D. manage its human and natural resources effectively.
No Status
90. A potential benefit to businesses that implement continuous quality improvement processes is
A. increased sales.
B. increased costs.
C. decreased outputs.
D. decreased profits.
No Status
91. Michelle has acquired proof that her coworker Ted has been embezzling money from the company. If Michelle fails to inform her employer about Ted's activities, what will likely occur?
A. The company's property insurance premium will increase.
B. The company's financial risk will increase.
C. The company's property insurance premium will increase.
D. Ted will be charged with a felony.
No Status
92. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential data, businesses use security software to protect their
A. corporate policies.
B. intranet systems.
C. intercom systems.
D. spam e-mail.
No Status
93. To reduce the risks associated with noncompliance, a business should continuously monitor
A. competitors' activities.
B. government regulations.
C. judicial opinions.
D. social etiquette.
No Status
94. Scheduling and assigning work, checking the quality of work, making sure projects meet deadlines, and handling employees' job problems are primary responsibilities of
A. employees.
B. mid-level managers.
C. consultants.
D. supervisory managers.
No Status
95. The fundamental activity associated with the planning function of management involves
A. establishing structure.
B. evaluating progress.
C. motivating employees.
D. looking ahead.
No Status
96. What is a primary consideration when organizing employees' workloads?
A. Reward system
B. Disciplinary procedures
C. Feedback methods
D. Time management
No Status
97. What management function involves identifying qualified candidates to perform the business's work?
A. Controlling
B. Leading
C. Persuading
D. Staffing
No Status
98. What is an important question that a manager must consider when hiring a new employee?
A. How will the company compensate this worker?
B. What is the company's vision?
C. How should the workload be distributed?
D. What are the company's product quality standards?
No Status
99. One activity associated with the directing function of management is
A. interviewing applicants.
B. establishing goals.
C. determining tasks.
D. instructing employees.
No Status
100. As a manager, Pablo is taking steps to correct a problem that is affecting the business's productivity. Which of the following types of control is Pablo using:
A. Contingency
B. Preliminary
C. Rework
D. Functional
No Status
Test 1058
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Which of the following is one of the major responsibilities of environmental law:
A. Land management
B. Historic preservation
C. Conservation
D. Production
No Status
2. If all of the individuals who own a business share unlimited liability for the business's losses, these individuals are part of a(n)
A. private corporation.
B. general partnership.
C. "S" corporation.
D. public corporation.
No Status
3. A barrier to effective listening is often the __________ of the listener.
A. interest
B. concentration
C. patience
D. attitude
No Status
4. An example of a physical communication barrier is
A. emotional perceptions.
B. bias.
C. personal background.
D. noise.
No Status
5. Which of the following is a relevant question for a job applicant to ask during an employment interview:
A. What is your annual salary?
B. Are there any good restaurants nearby?
C. Why didn't the sales department meet its goals last month?
D. What type of training do you provide for this position?
No Status
6. An effective technique for personalizing a telephone sales presentation is to
A. ask the customer questions.
B. greet the customer by name.
C. use a merchandise approach.
D. call the prospect at home.
No Status
7. One characteristic of letters of inquiry that businesses write to request information from other businesses is that they are
A. formal.
B. complex.
C. social.
D. short.
No Status
8. Ella developed a document that discusses the consequences of switching to a new payroll-processing vendor. What type of analytical report has Ella prepared?
A. Troubleshooting guide
B. Feasibility study
C. Marketing plan
D. Letter of intent
No Status
9. The primary purpose of a research report is to
A. support business decisions.
B. organize a problem.
C. summarize gathered information.
D. establish objectives.
No Status
10. A request made by an employee to a supervisor is an example of what type of communication?
A. Upward
B. Downward
C. Grapevine
D. Horizontal
No Status
11. When coworkers casually discuss work-related topics at lunch, it is called ____________ communication.
A. informal
B. ceremonial
C. official
D. external
No Status
12. When participating in a project-status meeting, it is important for a participant to
A. monopolize the conversation.
B. be prepared to provide an update.
C. provide information about new company policies.
D. take notes for the group.
No Status
13. One way for employees to demonstrate a service orientation to customers is to reinforce verbal communication with
A. good training methods.
B. vast personal knowledge.
C. positive body language.
D. effective pricing plans.
No Status
14. Employees can generally identify difficult customers
A. after asking personal questions.
B. by observing customers' dress.
C. by listening to customer's accents.
D. during their initial contact.
No Status
15. Employees who handle customer complaints need to know how to
A. defend the company at all costs.
B. please the customer at any cost.
C. ignore customer complaints.
D. listen with an open mind.
No Status
16. Desires for clothes, lawn care, and CDs would be classified as
A. noneconomic wants.
B. services.
C. goods.
D. economic wants.
No Status
17. What type of utility do malls and shopping centers provide?
A. Form
B. Time
C. Place
D. Possession
No Status
18. Which of the following represents a primary business activity:
A. Designing
B. Scheduling
C. Marketing
D. Supervising
No Status
19. Businesses operating in the global environment must be sensitive to different traditions, beliefs, and etiquette, which are ________ factors.
A. political
B. cultural
C. economic
D. intellectual
No Status
20. Which of the following economic systems encourages competition in business:
A. Traditional
B. Socialist command
C. Market
D. Communist command
No Status
21. In business terms, income is the money
A. received.
B. produced.
C. supplied.
D. spent.
No Status
22. The use of robots in assembly-line work is a form of specialization involving
A. capital goods.
B. natural resources.
C. capitalism.
D. human resources.
No Status
23. What often occurs when a nation's unemployment rate falls?
A. The inflation rate increases.
B. The demand for money decreases.
C. Tariffs decrease.
D. Stock trades stabilize.
No Status
24. Which of the following North American attitudes do many foreign businesspeople consider rude and arrogant behavior:
A. Dedication and adaptability
B. Politeness and inflexibility
C. Honesty and patience
D. Directness and impatience
No Status
25. When attending a business meeting in France, it is important for U.S. businesspeople to
A. speak loudly.
B. dress conservatively.
C. arrive unannounced.
D. bring gifts.
No Status
26. Jack and Anna are U. S. businesspeople who are traveling to Brazil to meet with the president of a large Brazilian coffee-bean producer. A coworker tells them that the hand symbol that means "okay" in the United States is offensive to Brazilians. The coworker's comment suggests to Jack and Anna that they need be sensitive of their
A. table manners.
B. tone of voice.
C. gestures.
D. gender differences.
No Status
27. Because Chinese businesspeople tend to take more time to make decisions, it is important for foreign businesspeople to be
A. patient.
B. aggressive.
C. conceited.
D. intolerant.
No Status
28. Which of the following is an example of a Saudi Arabian custom that relates to gender:
A. It is illegal to eat pork.
B. Friday is the day of rest.
C. The “thumbs up” symbol is offensive.
D. Women are not permitted to drive a car.
No Status
29. When reviewing your education and experience to help assess strengths and weaknesses, look for
A. mistakes.
B. choices.
C. talents.
D. patterns.
No Status
30. Jim was recently hired to manage sport events because his previous employer said that "Jim tried to improve his performance with each new challenge and set the standard for his coworkers to achieve." Jim demonstrates the trait of
A. competition.
B. aggressive behavior.
C. negotiation.
D. time management.
No Status
31. Which of the following is a personal benefit of being interested in and enthusiastic about your job:
A. It helps to motivate others.
B. It helps you enjoy your job.
C. It helps you find new jobs.
D. It helps in exploring other activities.
No Status
32. Tony likes to make his own decisions and act without influence or direction from anyone else. He can be described as
A. dependent.
B. independent.
C. insecure.
D. egotistical.
No Status
33. Tim is the technology manager for the MSJ Company. Tim is responsible for backing up the computer system each evening to make sure that the company has a copy of each day's computer activities and transactions. On Tuesday evening, Tim was running late for a meeting and decided not to conduct the backup activities. Later that night, the computer system crashed and all of Tuesday's computer data was lost. By apologizing to his boss for making a poor decision and offering to work extra hours to help fix the problem, Tim was
A. accepting the consequences for the decisions he made.
B. blaming others for the consequences of his actions.
C. promising not to make any mistakes in the future.
D. taking the time to make informed decisions.
No Status
34. Joe has a two-hour sales meeting with a new customer at 10 a.m. today. Early this morning, a vendor telephoned Joe to schedule a one-hour luncheon meeting to discuss a co-op advertising program. The vendor would like to meet at a restaurant that is 30 minutes from Joe's office at 1:00 p.m. today. Joe must be back at his office by 2:00 p.m. for an important computer training session. Should Joe meet with the vendor today?
A. Yes. Joe can meet with the vendor after the vendor changes the lunch reservation to 12:45 p.m.
B. No. It is rude for the vendor to assume that Joe has time to meet today.
C. Yes. Joe can meet with the vendor after he reschedules his training session.
D. No. Joe would have only 30 minutes to meet with the vendor before he needs to return to the office.
No Status
35. As Zack left work one evening, his supervisor made the following comment: "Zack, I liked the way you handled the upset customer situation. Keep up the good work!" The feedback Zack received was
A. negative, external.
B. positive, external.
C. negative, internal.
D. positive, internal.
No Status
36. Most people are better able to handle change if they __________ it.
A. anticipate
B. oppose
C. avoid
D. resist
No Status
37. One way to show empathy toward another person is to
A. keep your distance.
B. be frank at all times.
C. share your own experiences.
D. resist involvement.
No Status
38. What is usually the last step in the persuasion process?
A. Motivating others to act
B. Presenting your argument
C. Telling the truth
D. Making good suggestions
No Status
39. Why do businesses often recognize and reward the accomplishments of work teams?
A. To provide feedback
B. To obtain publicity
C. To motivate members
D. To recruit employees
No Status
40. What form of currency is issued by the federal government?
A. Paper money
B. Brokerage bills
C. Corporate bonds
D. Certified notes
No Status
41. Putting $100 in a savings account today and earning 4% interest over the next year illustrates the concept of
A. inflationary impact.
B. principal modification.
C. opportunity cost.
D. the time value of money.
No Status
42. When Jeremy develops his personal budget, he should categorize the money that he spends on food, clothing, and entertainment as
A. fixed costs.
B. variable expenses.
C. relational outflows.
D. periodic investments.
No Status
43. As Tom uses his credit card to make purchases in a responsible manner, he should remember that credit is a(n)
A. privilege.
B. loan.
C. asset.
D. tax.
No Status
44. One way to reduce the risk of identity theft is by
A. disabling computer virus software.
B. shredding old bank statements.
C. storing passwords on web browsers.
D. photocopying credit-card receipts.
No Status
45. Certificates of deposit and collectibles are types of
A. securities.
B. accounts.
C. investments.
D. earnings.
No Status
46. Which of the following business functions monitors and controls the firm's revenue and debt:
A. Finance
B. Operations
C. Licensing
D. Payroll
No Status
47. What is a benefit to a business of having written records of financial transactions?
A. Information is accurate, accessible, and meaningful.
B. Accounting is simplified and less detailed.
C. Expenses are reduced, and income is increased.
D. Investments are increased, and profit is reinvested.
No Status
48. Most businesses provide employee orientation as soon as new employees report for work because
A. orientation focuses on specific job tasks.
B. that is when employees are anxious to learn.
C. employees can learn everything in the beginning.
D. employees can't work until they have been oriented.
No Status
49. Information consists of facts and data for a specific situation or condition, and knowledge consists of __________ and ___________ that accumulate over time.
A. symbolism, transitions
B. definitions, competence
C. data, expertise
D. fabrications, creativity
No Status
50. To have effective knowledge-management processes, businesses need their employees to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. curious
B. cautious
C. argumentative
D. transparent
No Status
51. While performing her job, Kendra figured out how to solve a problem that has been affecting her department. Which of the following is the most efficient way for Kendra to share this knowledge with her coworkers:
A. E-mail
B. Company web site
C. Relational database
D. Telephone
No Status
52. A business can prevent its trade secrets from further disclosure to third parties by asking the court to issue a(n)
A. injunction.
B. warrant.
C. appeal.
D. contract.
No Status
53. Pricing is an important marketing function because the price of a good or service also affects its
A. demand.
B. utility.
C. source.
D. trademark.
No Status
54. The most efficient way to verify a customer's shipping address is by
A. mailing a letter of inquiry.
B. telephoning the customer.
C. asking a coworker.
D. checking the Yellow Pages.
No Status
55. If a company is managing its information effectively, the data should be accurate and
A. relevant.
B. skewed.
C. inconsistent.
D. positive.
No Status
56. Which of the following e-mail options provides a brief statement about the message's content:
A. Subject
B. Send
C. To
D. Reply
No Status
57. Which of the following is an example of a “stop” word that a search engine is most likely to ignore when retrieving query results:
A. Hat
B. Cop
C. Sew
D. The
No Status
58. Which of the following is a characteristic common to all integrated software packages:
A. Calculates breakeven points
B. Performs interrelated functions
C. Requires minimal training
D. Includes forecasting tools
No Status
59. What is needed to post a web page to a web site?
A. Wireless router
B. PDF reader 6
C. Web server
D. Affiliate partner
No Status
60. A benefit of using project-management software is that it
A. provides job training for team members.
B. eliminates computer coding problems.
C. creates a variety of evaluative reports.
D. reduces the need to monitor costs.
No Status
61. What type of business record can a gift shop review to determine how many customers purchased items on Tuesday?
A. Quarterly credit statements
B. Daily sales receipts
C. Cash balances
D. Inventory status records
No Status
62. Which of the following is a true statement about scheduling:
A. Scheduling for business is the same thing as personal scheduling.
B. Both manufacturers and service businesses rely on scheduling.
C. Many businesses do not need to use scheduling.
D. Scheduling consists of one main activity, sequencing.
No Status
63. Which of the following is a legal consideration for a business's operations-management function:
A. Determining how to invest company resources
B. Following local fire ordinances
C. Adhering to advertising laws
D. Pricing products fairly
No Status
64. Which of the following is an example of an unsafe condition:
A. Falling asleep on the job
B. Horseplay
C. Broken handrail on a stairway
D. Using machinery before reading instructions
No Status
65. The Anderson Convenience Store charged a customer with trying to cash a bad check and with using an expired credit card. The customer was engaged in what type of fraud?
A. Short-change
B. Price-ticket switching
C. Point-of-sale
D. Internal theft
No Status
66. Randy has three tasks that he must complete in the next two days. One task that he must do is to develop the production schedule for next week, which is due by 12:30 p.m. tomorrow and will take him approximately three hours to complete. Randy must also finish a PowerPoint presentation for a meeting at 4:00 today, which will take him approximately two hours to complete. And, he must prepare and place an order for parts by 1 p.m. today, so the order arrives by next Monday. It is currently 12:15 p.m. In what order should Randy prioritize his work load?
A. Prepare and place the order; develop the production schedule; complete the PowerPoint presentation
B. Develop the production schedule; prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation
C. Complete the PowerPoint presentation; prepare and place the order; develop the production schedule
D. Prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation; develop the production schedule
No Status
67. Tim and Lara are working on different types of project tasks at the same time. They are performing __________ activities.
A. reverse
B. chronological
C. consecutive
D. concurrent
No Status
68. Because projects have a specific beginning date and a specific ending date, it is important to manage __________ wisely.
A. ideas
B. time
C. money
D. statistics
No Status
69. Which of the following is NOT a benefit of a post-implementation review?
A. Identifying cost-savings opportunities for future projects
B. Identifying cost-savings opportunities for the current project
C. Identifying ways to improve project planning
D. Identifying ways to improve the company's processes
No Status
70. What should project managers do when an unexpected situation occurs during the execution of a complex project?
A. Get support
B. Work overtime
C. Reassign work
D. Be flexible
No Status
71. Elaine, a buyer for a large retail chain, places a paper-goods order with Sheets Paper Company, one of five paper suppliers she uses, because Sheets has the best prices and can ship the order tomorrow. This is an example of a(n) ___________ order.
A. standing
B. blanket
C. prepaid
D. open
No Status
72. Which of the following is an example of a raw material that a business might inventory for production use:
A. Toothpaste
B. Wood
C. Stapler
D. Chair
No Status
73. When negotiating terms with a vendor, a business states that it wants all orders shipped within 24 hours of order placement. What negotiating tactic is the business using?
A. Bargaining
B. Limited authority
C. Deadline driven
D. Silence
No Status
74. Which of the following is a production activity:
A. Receiving
B. Advertising
C. Scheduling
D. Marketing
No Status
75. Daily customer traffic through a business makes it necessary to regularly
A. clean floors.
B. move displays.
C. remodel space.
D. build exhibits.
No Status
76. When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A. influencing others' opinions.
B. informing customers.
C. submitting evidence.
D. comparing data.
No Status
77. Mel is about to decide which job to take—using only the facts. As she compares and contrasts information about each job opportunity, Mel is showing that she is aware of which decision-making influence:
A. Input
B. Framing
C. Logic
D. Style
No Status
78. Since he likes to help others accomplish their personal goals, Gabe should consider a career that involves working with
A. things.
B. data.
C. nature.
D. people.
No Status
79. Which of the following is a technique for effectively beginning an employment interview:
A. Speak loudly
B. Tell a joke
C. Give name clearly
D. Take the initiative
No Status
80. People who have limited work experience often include what type of references on their résumés?
A. Family
B. Personal
C. Social
D. Private
No Status
81. Participating in ongoing training and education programs often helps workers to
A. update their résumés.
B. advance in their careers.
C. define short-term goals.
D. change their work ethics.
No Status
82. Professional organizations are apt to have __________ entry requirements than trade associations.
A. less current
B. shorter
C. stricter
D. more lenient
No Status
83. It is important for employees to follow the rules of conduct established by management to
A. maintain a consistent and fair work environment.
B. ensure that everyone is compensated the same way.
C. prevent workplace conflict.
D. reduce the need for professional development.
No Status
84. Who is most likely to report directly to a corporation's chief executive officer (CEO)?
A. Vice president of finance
B. Regional marketing manager
C. Production coordinator
D. Board of Directors
No Status
85. Within the next three years, the PRM Company wants to set up an electronic data interchange with all of its suppliers. What type of organizational goal is PRM establishing?
A. Technology
B. Short-term
C. Contingency
D. Financial
No Status
86. An employee's role in helping a business meet its organizational goals is affected by the employee's
A. benefits package.
B. job responsibilities.
C. comfort with risk.
D. networking abilities.
No Status
87. What section of the statement of work (SOW) defines what the project will produce?
A. Project deliverables
B. Purpose statement
C. Benefits and risks
D. Schedule estimates
No Status
88. Why do project managers develop a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects?
A. To provide stakeholders with project objectives
B. To identify and better manage all project activities
C. To provide team members with feedback for improvement
D. To communicate costs associated with the project
No Status
89. To understand how team members perform their project tasks, project managers should possess __________ skills.
A. negotiation
B. interpersonal
C. persuasive
D. technical
No Status
90. Before closing a project, the project manager, team, and stakeholders must agree that the
A. project has stayed within budget.
B. resources have been used efficiently.
C. objectives have been achieved.
D. members are ready to resume their regular duties.
No Status
91. Which of the following is a situation indicating a problem with product durability:
A. A customer returns a recently-purchased sweater because it is the wrong size.
B. A customer complains that her/his new cell-phone battery quit working after one week.
C. A customer complains to a restaurant server that his/her steak is too rare.
D. A customer returns a software package because it does not work with her/his computer.
No Status
92. An advantage to a business that uses Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software is that it
A. implements the business's online permission-based marketing efforts.
B. provides the business with confidential information about its competitors.
C. guides continuous improvement efforts throughout many levels of the organization.
D. summarizes changes related to the gross national product.
No Status
93. A potential benefit to businesses that implement continuous quality improvement processes is
A. decreased profits.
B. increased costs.
C. decreased outputs.
D. increased sales.
No Status
94. Is it ethical for an employee to bypass internal business policies and sell expensive products to individuals or businesses without verifying their credit histories?
A. Yes, various government regulations state that businesses must offer credit to all individuals and businesses.
B. No, most companies provide employees with a great deal of flexibility in terms of following internal business policies.
C. Yes, the employee is actually helping the business meet its financial goals more quickly by skipping an unnecessary step.
D. No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management.
No Status
95. The MIB Company uses protective computer-software programs to minimize losses associated with its customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. security.
B. purchasing.
C. overhead.
D. performance.
No Status
96. Which of the following is a business risk associated with a failure to follow laws:
A. Goal achievement
B. Increased inventory
C. Decreased quotas
D. Government fines
No Status
97. Which of the following is an element of the planning function of management:
A. Monitoring work
B. Setting goals
C. Training employees
D. Assessing performance
No Status
98. Caitlin is the manager for a busy accounting department and has decided not to replace the payroll specialist who recently resigned. She wants Martin, who currently handles the firm's accounts-receivable, and David, the accounts-payable clerk, to jointly take over the payroll-processing responsibilities. She also wants her assistant Fiona to take over some Martin's and David's current tasks. What organizing activity is Caitlin performing?
A. Training employees
B. Providing feedback
C. Establishing goals
D. Reallocating resources
No Status
99. Which of the following is a primary staffing consideration when a manager decides to hire a new employee:
A. Reimbursement procedures
B. Investment goals
C. Communication methods
D. Necessary skills
No Status
100. Which of the following is an example of an activity associated with the directing function of management:
A. A manager coordinates the tasks of a cross-functional work team.
B. Pedro interviews several applicants for an open position in the finance department.
C. A manager disciplines an employee for inappropriate behavior in the workplace.
D. Carmen recommends changes to increase outputs on the production line.
No Status
Test 1065
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. As the principal in an agency business relationship, Lynn tells Bob to take specific action on her behalf under certain circumstances. What type of authority has Lynn given Bob?
A. Unlimited
B. Provisional
C. Temporary
D. Express
No Status
2. Certain environmental regulations require businesses to develop operating and production systems that are intended to
A. consume resources.
B. create waste.
C. control pollution.
D. collect samples.
No Status
3. Why is it important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material?
A. To compile a database
B. To read useful information
C. To understand business communication
D. To prepare a routine message
No Status
4. During a brainstorming session, should participants be allowed to add new ideas to the list that are based on another group member's idea?
A. No, because using someone else's idea is considered stealing
B. Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas
C. No, because it can be interpreted as a poor evaluation of the idea
D. Yes, because ideas that are too outrageous should be immediately modified
No Status
5. How group members interact usually depends on
A. who knows the most.
B. who is the oldest.
C. who was in charge of the previous group.
D. who asks questions.
No Status
6. Anna, a new employee with Turbo Electronics, must write a letter to a customer. Because Anna does not know which letter format to use, she should
A. ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses.
B. select the block format because it is the mostly widely used.
C. select the simplified format because it is impersonal.
D. develop the letter in several formats and send the letter that her supervisor likes best.
No Status
7. Which of the following is a characteristic of an effective persuasive message:
A. Creates desire
B. Is aggressive
C. Describes a process
D. Summarizes an issue
No Status
8. What information should be included in the recommendations section of an analytical report?
A. Benefits and risks
B. Product characteristics
C. Budgetary constraints
D. Project status data
No Status
9. What section of a research report outlines the research plan?
A. Results
B. Recommendations
C. Methodology
D. Introduction
No Status
10. Which of the following is a type of information that supervisors often communicate to employees in writing:
A. Company policies
B. Personal opinions
C. Community news
D. Workplace rumors
No Status
11. By accurately explaining the company's policies to customers, salespeople often are able to avoid misunderstandings with customers and improve the company's
A. image.
B. routine.
C. goals.
D. rules.
No Status
12. Salespeople sometimes have difficulty meeting the needs of customers who
A. feel empathy for salespeople.
B. ask for the salesperson's opinion.
C. voice their opinions in a loud manner.
D. know exactly what they want.
No Status
13. Which of the following is an example of an economic activity:
A. Buying new company equipment
B. Complimenting a coworker
C. Conducting a meeting
D. Developing an advertising budget
No Status
14. What type of market exists when a large supply of a product and a small demand have resulted in low prices?
A. Monopolistic
B. Seller's
C. Productive
D. Buyer's
No Status
15. A business that produces a product should be socially responsible to the __________ of the product.
A. endorsers
B. providers
C. users
D. producers
No Status
16. Though employees who work for auto companies hold a variety of different jobs, they may all belong to the same union—the United Auto Workers. This is an example of a(n)
A. industrial union.
B. professional union.
C. trade union.
D. craft union.
No Status
17. There are six workers employed by a manufacturer. Over the course of six months, the manufacturer hires a new worker every month, so that at the end of the hiring period there are 12 workers total. The total output increased dramatically with the hiring of the first two workers. It increased less dramatically with each new hiring after the first two. This is an example of the law of diminishing
A. utility.
B. production.
C. output.
D. returns.
No Status
18. An economy with a high unemployment level tends to have
A. a high supply of money.
B. a lower rate of inflation.
C. fewer monetary policies.
D. rapid GDP growth.
No Status
19. In Canada, businesspeople typically provide printed materials in both French and English. This is an issue related to
A. time.
B. language.
C. space.
D. creativity.
No Status
20. German businesspeople value careful planning and attention to details. As a result, decision-making in German business situations is often a ___________ process.
A. lengthy
B. swift
C. limited
D. flexible
No Status
21. Katherine is going on a business trip to Argentina. Cecilia, Katherine's coworker, is from Argentina. Cecilia tells Katherine to make sure that she keeps her hands on the table because it is considered rude to put your hands in your lap while in a restaurant. Cecilia's tip is related to
A. dining etiquette.
B. dress and appearance.
C. spatial differences.
D. verbal communication.
No Status
22. Carmen Sanchez is a Chilean businessperson who is attending a business meeting with Mr. Takahasi in Nagoya, Japan. She knows that a formal, conservative appearance is very important in Japanese business situations. To make a favorable impression on Mr. Takahasi, Carmen should wear
A. neutral-colored casual slacks, a white, short-sleeve blouse, and slip-on shoes.
B. a dark skirt and jacket, low-heeled shoes, and no jewelry.
C. a colorful, knee-length dress, bold jewelry, and open-toe shoes.
D. a black, sleeveless ball gown and high-heeled black shoes.
No Status
23. Which of the following is a factor related to appearance that foreign businesspeople must consider when doing business in Middle Eastern countries:
A. It is common for Middle Easterners to communicate slowly with periods of silence.
B. Most Middle Easterners are Muslim, and pray five times a day.
C. Crossing one's legs is an offensive gesture to Middle Easterners.
D. Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public.
No Status
24. Foreign businesspeople should understand that Saudi Arabians might leave a business meeting for several minutes to attend daily prayers. This is an example of a custom related to
A. speech.
B. religion.
C. age.
D. punctuality.
No Status
25. To Indian businesspeople, it is offensive to put your hands on your hips because it indicates anger. This is an example of a practice or custom that relates to
A. social status.
B. oral tradition.
C. nonverbal behavior.
D. appropriate clothing.
No Status
26. Which of the following is not a benefit of assessing your strengths and weaknesses:
A. Improved ability to make decisions
B. Improved ability to work outside a group
C. Enhanced positioning of your talents
D. Increased ability to handle interview questions
No Status
27. Adhering to an established set of personal ethics is referred to as
A. honesty.
B. deceit.
C. integrity.
D. truth.
No Status
28. Ned is a line supervisor for a large distribution center. Part of his job is to gather and pack items for customers' orders. Yesterday, when the warehouse manager asked Ned about an incorrect order that he packed, Ned replied, "Well, Pete put the wrong product on the shelf. It's not my fault that the customer received the wrong item." What is Ned doing?
A. Offering to correct the customer's order
B. Blaming himself for Pete's mistake
C. Failing to accept responsibility for his actions
D. Acknowledging that he made a costly mistake
No Status
29. An important aspect of managing work commitments is
A. scheduling activities close together.
B. planning ahead.
C. focusing on unimportant details.
D. organizing others' activities.
No Status
30. When people dread change for no apparent reason, their feelings may be
A. sensible.
B. irrational.
C. logical.
D. reasonable.
No Status
31. Jamie has been asked to join a group of students who are working together to establish a school store. Jamie has been asked to be part of a
A. media channel.
B. boycott.
C. strike.
D. team.
No Status
32. How does a group reach a decision by consensus?
A. The majority of the group members reach agreement.
B. Group members vote to determine the best option.
C. Each member agrees to the same course of action.
D. The group leader solicits suggestions and makes the final decision.
No Status
33. Adaptability often involves seeking alternative ways of approaching a situation, or developing ____________ plans.
A. contingency
B. corrective
C. open
D. external
No Status
34. A change leader might find it difficult to get support from others in a group because the others may
A. dislike the status quo.
B. fear the unknown.
C. have a lot of good ideas.
D. trust the change leader.
No Status
35. Which of the following loans would have the lowest total simple-interest charges:
A. A loan for $4,000 @ 9% interest for 6 years
B. A loan for $7,000 @ 8% interest for 2 years
C. A loan for $6,000 @ 8 1/2% interest for 1 year
D. A loan for $5,000 @ 8 3/4% interest for 4 years
No Status
36. Which of the following is an example of a person using credit in a responsible manner:
A. Seeking counseling to reduce unmanageable debt
B. Paying credit-card balances on time
C. Maintaining a low credit rating
D. Using two or more high-interest credit cards
No Status
37. Which of the following is an advantage of using an online brokerage firm:
A. Additional financial products and services
B. Personal guidance from a live broker
C. 24-hour account access
D. High commissions
No Status
38. Mr. Daly bought a vacation cottage on lakefront property. What type of investment did Mr. Daly purchase?
A. Securities
B. Ownership
C. Stock
D. Escrow
No Status
39. Use of accounting standards helps accountants avoid certain pitfalls when preparing financial statements. Which of the following is one of those pitfalls for accountants:
A. Evidence
B. Transparency
C. Acceptance
D. Bias
No Status
40. Which of the following is one source of cash that flows into a business:
A. Salaries
B. Interest
C. Taxes
D. Equity
No Status
41. Assets a company already owns and can use to finance a new venture are called
A. return on capital.
B. dividends.
C. equity.
D. accounts payable.
No Status
42. Businesses often ask a new employee's coworkers to help __________ the new employee.
A. question
B. supervise
C. test
D. train
No Status
43. Tacit knowledge is often based on experiences and personal expertise, while explicit knowledge is
A. based on intuition.
B. difficult to articulate and measure.
C. based on opinions.
D. easy to communicate and quantify.
No Status
44. What is a negative effect of employees who are unwilling to share tacit knowledge with one another?
A. Low efficiency
B. More disclosure
C. Less competition
D. High cohesiveness
No Status
45. As part of its knowledge-management program, a business uses a special computer application to help detect and record unexpected issues that occur during the production process. This program allows many staff members to obtain and share information to resolve the problem quickly. This is an example of a business effectively using
A. a public domain database.
B. mind-mapping software.
C. incident-management software.
D. an accounting database.
No Status
46. A business might ask its employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to
A. prevent copyright infringement.
B. avoid discrimination lawsuits.
C. ensure its employees' privacy.
D. protect its trade secrets.
No Status
47. A business captures its employees' knowledge of certain tasks, processes, and events by developing a chart that outlines the relationships among bits of information. This is an example of a business using a(n) __________ technique to capture and transfer knowledge.
A. authority-based
B. diagram
C. statistical
D. transcription
No Status
48. The laddering technique is used to capture and change categories of
A. redundant knowledge.
B. horizontal communication.
C. meaningless data.
D. hierarchical information.
No Status
49. The development of goods and services that best satisfy consumer needs and wants is a major goal of
A. purchasing.
B. product/service management.
C. financing.
D. marketing-information management.
No Status
50. Which of the following problems is connected to technology:
A. Lack of health care
B. Inflation
C. Oil shortages
D. Air pollution
No Status
51. Thomas wants to change the word “develop to the word “create in several places throughout his document. The quickest way to make these changes is by using the __________ function.
A. cut and paste
B. find and replace
C. header and footer
D. styles and formatting
No Status
52. Which component of project-management software helps project managers to determine the length of time that a series of interdependent tasks will take to complete under various circumstances:
A. Linear
B. Demonstration
C. Presentation
D. Critical path
No Status
53. What do most businesses maintain to help them plan future sales and promotional activities?
A. Advertising proofs
B. Customer records
C. Inventory systems
D. Operating procedures
No Status
54. The growth of e-commerce is changing the way companies do business by allowing them to
A. reduce the services they provide customers.
B. communicate with similar organizations.
C. place high prices on their products.
D. be accessible to customers at all times.
No Status
55. Businesses often conduct environmental scans to determine if they should
A. improve their computer systems.
B. make staffing adjustments.
C. follow government regulations.
D. expand into other markets.
No Status
56. A business report provides statistical data indicating that the demand for a specific type of product has been increasing between three and six percent over the past several months. This information is useful to companies to
A. reduce inventory.
B. decrease costs.
C. identify trends.
D. achieve quotas.
No Status
57. Which of the following is not a main factor in a business's site selection decision:
A. Community
B. Media
C. Costs
D. Labor
No Status
58. A corporation is building a facility in the city's business district. The city requires that the facility meet certain size, style, structural, and usage requirements. These requirements are outlined in the town's
A. health regulations.
B. zoning ordinances.
C. partnership agreement.
D. tax code.
No Status
59. Most employees should not attempt to repair a business's
A. scratched desks.
B. training manuals.
C. printed signs.
D. electrical equipment.
No Status
60. What do many businesses require their employees to do after an accident occurs?
A. Attend a safety training program
B. Complete accident-report forms
C. Help redesign the work areas
D. Participate in counseling sessions
No Status
61. To establish weekly work priorities, employees should consider developing a list of
A. short-term accomplishments.
B. routinely performed tasks.
C. critical activities.
D. long-term goals.
No Status
62. Bill, Tara, and Lauren work for a small manufacturing firm that produces designer jeans. Bill is the fabric buyer, Tara buys the small items needed to construct the jeans, and Lauren sews the jeans. What does Lauren need from Bill and Tara to do her job?
A. Corduroy from Tara and zippers, snaps, and pins from Bill
B. Buttons, thread, and denim from Bill and zippers from Tara
C. Thread, buttons, and zippers from Tara and denim from Bill
D. Zippers, buttons and snaps from Tara and corduroy from Bill
No Status
63. In which of the following situations is a project manager involved in a control activity:
A. Ben meets with the project's stakeholders to determine what they want the project to accomplish.
B. Tim reviews an inventory-status report to determine if there are enough supplies on hand for the next project phase.
C. Adriana is coordinating and documenting the tasks that need to be completed for a construction project.
D. Samantha reviews the qualifications of several employees to determine whom she wants on the project team.
No Status
64. What is an advantage to a company of building long-term relationships with a few vendors?
A. Less information sharing
B. Wider product selection
C. Fewer supply interruptions
D. Easier to manage
No Status
65. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Special
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Reorder
No Status
66. The PVX automotive manufacturer keeps office supplies such as copy paper, pens, and notepads on hand at all times. These office supplies are part of the manufacturer's inventory of
A. MRO goods.
B. raw materials.
C. work-in-process.
D. finished products.
No Status
67. Which of the following are items that a manufacturing business is likely to keep as maintenance, repair, and operating (MRO) inventory:
A. Cloth, shirts, and buttons
B. Gloves, coolant, and packing material
C. Fork lift, glassware, and petroleum
D. Toner, photocopier, and pencils
No Status
68. The dating terms that the SSL Company negotiated with a vendor are 3/10 net 30 on a purchase order made August 18. Calculate the discounted amount SSL would owe for an order of $386.69 if it pays by August 25 .
A. $379.03
B. $375.09
C. $366.06
D. $369.09
No Status
69. Which of the following statements about continuous improvement is NOT true:
A. Every level of an organization should be involved in the continuous improvement process.
B. The use of objective information and customer feedback is crucial in the continuous improvement process.
C. After making a change, further testing and evaluation should be done to determine if the change was effective.
D. Each organizational level and department should work independently in the continuous improvement process.
No Status
70. Which of the following is a type of expense incurred by business other than an operating expense:
A. Cost of living
B. Retained earnings
C. Lost income
D. Cost of goods
No Status
71. Which of the following is an advantage to a business of maintaining its building(s) and equipment:
A. Business operations are smoother.
B. Equipment can be replaced more often.
C. Maintenance costs are deducted from taxes due.
D. Regular maintenance interferes with operations.
No Status
72. Ken is a manager for a local company. He has collected bids from several area trucking companies and is currently comparing them with the invoices of the company's current trucking service to determine which one is the best transportation vendor for the company to use. Ken is analyzing business data in relation to
A. product management.
B. distribution.
C. financial resources.
D. production.
No Status
73. Tim was able to keep track of how much advancement he was making towards his goal because a benefit of goal setting is that it
A. gives you a way to measure your progress.
B. raises your level of self-esteem.
C. helps you to stay on task.
D. helps you understand yourself.
No Status
74. What are people often relying on when they use the sleep-on-it technique to generate ideas?
A. Subconscious mind
B. Personal intelligence
C. Natural ability
D. Internal curiosity
No Status
75. Carrie is frequently upset because she tries to get her job done, spend time with her family, and have some time for herself. Which of the following benefits of time management will be most meaningful to Carrie:
A. Enhanced self-esteem
B. Increased productivity
C. Increased organization
D. Reduced stress and frustration
No Status
76. During a job interview, job applicants can indicate their interest in the job by asking questions about the
A. company.
B. vacation policy.
C. interviewer.
D. fringe benefits.
No Status
77. Which of the following do many businesses take into consideration when promoting employees:
A. Disability
B. Personality
C. Seniority
D. Nationality
No Status
78. When Caroline explains the company's rules of conduct to a new employee, she should also explain
A. who developed the rules.
B. the specific reasons for having all the rules.
C. the consequences of breaking the rules.
D. when the rules were implemented.
No Status
79. At Oh-So-Good Gourmet Cookie Company, Todd is the warehouse manager, Pamela is the lead shipping clerk, David is a part-time shipping clerk, Carrie is the shipping supervisor, and Sharon is the vice president of distribution. Following a vertical chain of command, who is Carrie's direct supervisor?
A. Sharon
B. Todd
C. David
D. Pamela
No Status
80. The primary purpose of developing organizational goals is to
A. ensure profitability.
B. provide direction.
C. assign authority.
D. establish loyalty.
No Status
81. Which of the following provides the foundation for a business's overall planning and controlling activities:
A. Ordering procedures
B. Profit margins
C. Organizational goals
D. Product objectives
No Status
82. A business should establish its employees' work goals so they
A. align with the organization's objectives.
B. achieve the employees' personal objectives.
C. guarantee the business's profitability.
D. encourage the employees' creativity.
No Status
83. When initiating a project, managers often develop SMART objectives, which are specific, ___________, achievable, ___________, and timely.
A. measurable, relevant
B. motivating, realistic
C. mandatory, redundant
D. memorable, reliable
No Status
84. Which of the following is the sequential order of a project's work breakdown structure:
A. Task, subtask, and work assignment
B. Subtask, task, and work assignment
C. Work assignment, task, and subtask
D. Work assignment, subtask, and task
No Status
85. Which of the following is a true statement about the responsibilities associated with managing a project team:
A. Project managers usually require team members to work out any conflicts they have on their own.
B. The most important aspect of managing a project team is developing an overall operating budget for the organization.
C. Project managers are often responsible for coordinating the activities of team members from several departments.
D. It is more important for effective project mangers to have financial-management expertise than effective communication skills.
No Status
86. Which of the following is an example of a project manager delegating responsibility to a project team member:
A. Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report.
B. Bill tells Peter that he needs to remember to include a cover sheet with his TPS report.
C. Stan asks Joanna and Tom for suggestions to improve process efficiency.
D. Anne determines that Bob has the desired organizational skills to be on the project team.
No Status
87. Which of the following is an activity associated with the closing phase of a project:
A. Determining the appropriate computer technology needs
B. Obtaining funds, equipment, and supplies for the project
C. Developing a production schedule for team members
D. Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes
No Status
88. When evaluating the quality of its product, one factor that a business considers is the feedback that it receives from the product's users, which indicates
A. the efficiency of the production process.
B. the product's durability.
C. customer-satisfaction levels.
D. employee-performance ratings.
No Status
89. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software has the ability to conduct an audit that compares the business's existing production and acquisition processes with the CMMI model. The audit provides information that will allow the business to
A. determine the best way to comply with government regulations.
B. develop long-term financial and operating plans.
C. incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes.
D. manage its human and natural resources effectively.
No Status
90. Which of the following is a business potential benefit of implementing continuous quality improvement processes:
A. Lower productivity
B. Increased revenue
C. Decreased demand
D. Higher costs
No Status
91. How can management reduce the business's level of risk associated with ethics:
A. Assume employees know what constitutes ethical behavior.
B. Allow employees to follow their own set of ethics.
C. Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics.
D. Advise employees that following business ethics depends on the situation.
No Status
92. What risk is being avoided when financial institutions use cloud computing?
A. Pure risk
B. Return on investment risk
C. Loss of customers risk
D. Speculative risk
No Status
93. To reduce the risk of future legal problems, a company might require its business partners to sign a formal
A. contract.
B. invoice.
C. premium.
D. warrant.
No Status
94. A human resources manager sets up a computerized system for maintaining employee records. What type of resource is the manager using?
A. Material
B. Financial
C. Human
D. Natural
No Status
95. Which of the following questions should effective managerial planning answer:
A. What do we want to do?
B. Who will do the work?
C. Did we accomplish our goals?
D. How will we monitor the work effort?
No Status
96. Jackie is a manager with the SDP Company and is establishing a systematic way for her department to complete a long-term assignment. What function of management is Jackie carrying out?
A. Leading
B. Organizing
C. Staffing
D. Controlling
No Status
97. An important aspect of the organizing function of management involves
A. promoting employees.
B. conducting performance reviews.
C. establishing levels of authority.
D. motivating team members.
No Status
98. Burkhart Manufacturing is implementing a new, company-wide computer system. Nadine is in the process of identifying the skills that will be needed to manage the information and maintain the various software applications. What function of management is Nadine focusing on?
A. Staffing
B. Controlling
C. Training
D. Planning
No Status
99. What is a manager doing, when s/he provides an employee with positive feedback and encouragement?
A. Coordinating
B. Planning
C. Motivating
D. Compensating
No Status
100. As a manager, Pablo is taking steps to correct a problem that is affecting the business's productivity. Which of the following types of control is Pablo using:
A. Functional
B. Preliminary
C. Contingency
D. Rework
No Status
Test 1072
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Pedro Sanchez works as a loan processor for the MON Company, which is located in Smithsville. Pedro has recently approved an application to extend a $10,000 line of credit to Mrs. Jones. Who is the creditor in this situation?
A. Mrs. Jones
B. Pedro Sanchez
C. MON Company
D. City of Smithsville
No Status
2. A type of business ownership in which one or more of the owners does not have full liability is called a
A. sole proprietorship.
B. general partnership.
C. limited partnership.
D. service organization.
No Status
3. Which of the following is not a barrier to effective verbal communication:
A. Asking for clarification
B. Thinking of what to say next
C. Interrupting the speaker
D. Judging the speaker's appearance
No Status
4. If an employee needs to do some research to answer a customer's telephone inquiry, the best action for the employee to take is to obtain the customer's telephone number and then
A. put the customer on hold until the research has been completed.
B. ask the sales manager to call the customer back.
C. send the customer literature about the business and its products.
D. follow-up with the customer after obtaining the requested information.
No Status
5. In which of the following situations might it be difficult to give effective verbal directions:
A. Information is complex.
B. Time is important.
C. Managers are organized.
D. Employees are focused.
No Status
6. When preparing to deliver an oral presentation, the most important step is
A. practicing the delivery.
B. conducting research.
C. writing useful note cards.
D. choosing the best visual aid.
No Status
7. The business manager tried to write a promotional letter that was simple, clear, and interesting so that customers who received it would
A. easily understand it.
B. need to read it many times.
C. find it entertaining.
D. ask what it really meant.
No Status
8. Which of the following is a formatting characteristic of a full-block business letter:
A. Indented first paragraph
B. Double-spacing within the paragraph
C. No paragraph indents
D. All paragraphs use right justification.
No Status
9. What component is important to include in all types of inquiry letters?
A. Contact information
B. Personal qualifications
C. Project specifications
D. Attention-getting title
No Status
10. Which of the following might a manager send to corporate management on a regular basis to briefly summarize the work accomplished:
A. Business plan
B. Project proposal
C. Strategic plan
D. Weekly activity report
No Status
11. Jacob is determining the writing style to use for an analytical report. If most of readers are likely to support the report's content, Jacob should format the report for a(n) __________audience.
A. intellectual
B. indecisive
C. argumentative
D. receptive
No Status
12. In which component of a research report should the writer place the following statement: "Based on our findings, we believe that it is imperative that PNJ Corporation make the necessary adjustments."
A. Methodology
B. Analyses
C. Assumptions
D. Recommendations
No Status
13. Which of the following is an example of an employee using nonverbal communication effectively to reinforce his/her service orientation:
A. Molly nodded and maintained eye contact as Ms. West explained the problem with her computer.
B. When Mrs. Jones complained that her steak was not cooked the way she wanted it, Leah rolled her eyes.
C. Tristan answered his office telephone and said, "Blanton Industries. How can I help you?"
D. Paul crossed his arms and tapped his foot impatiently as Mr. Cook asked about a charge on his bank statement.
No Status
14. In order for a business's handling of complaints to be satisfactory to customers, the business's rules should be
A. rigid.
B. strict.
C. flexible.
D. firm.
No Status
15. Having clear customer relationship management goals before putting a program into place helps businesses to avoid
A. having unsatisfied customers.
B. purchasing irrelevant technology.
C. having to lay off employees.
D. spending any money.
No Status
16. People are considered to be __________ resources.
A. capital
B. natural
C. human
D. physical
No Status
17. One of the factors that would help a business provide place utility to customers is its
A. low prices.
B. location.
C. helpful salespeople.
D. merchandise selection.
No Status
18. Which of the following is a true statement about trade industries:
A. Trade industries have very little flexibility because of their size.
B. Most trade industries are large and employ many people.
C. Trade industries modify or change the form of products.
D. The main types of trade industries are retailers and wholesalers.
No Status
19. The technology that has had the most influence on globalization has been
A. the Internet.
B. television.
C. inexpensive telephone service.
D. wireless connections.
No Status
20. John's business has been very successful the past year, and profits increased 15% over the previous year. John has decided to expand and to hire additional employees. This is an example of how profits
A. provide necessary training for new employees.
B. guarantee longevity of the business.
C. increase the sales in a business.
D. benefit society as well as business.
No Status
21. Every pay period, Sarah's employer withholds a certain percentage of her earnings, which her employer forwards to various government agencies. What type of tax is Sarah's employer withholding?
A. Excise
B. Estate
C. Property
D. Income
No Status
22. Which of the following terms are related to the concept of productivity:
A. Profit and loss
B. Supply and demand
C. Inputs and outputs
D. Competition and monopoly
No Status
23. In calculating gross domestic product, the goods and services that schools and churches purchase for their own use are considered to be part of
A. foreign trade deficits.
B. private domestic investment.
C. government transfer payments.
D. personal consumption expenditures.
No Status
24. Native New Yorker, Carolyn Hendricks is in London to finalize a business contract with British entrepreneur, Nigel Westwood. After their meeting, Nigel said, "Say, Carolyn. I'm feeling a tad peckish. Would yeh fancy to go out for a starter, or perhaps a sarnie and crisps?" An astonished Carolyn had no idea how to respond. What does this example illustrate?
A. Because minimal vocabulary differences exist between American and Queen's English, few misunderstandings occur.
B. Although Americans and British people speak English, the variations of the language can create barriers.
C. Americans use proper grammar, while the British tend to use more slang.
D. Americans tend to speak more slowly and pronounce words more clearly than the British.
No Status
25. While in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, German businessperson Hans Dieseldorf wanted to greet an important Brazilian businessperson in Portuguese. Instead of saying, "Hello, Brazil is a beautiful country," Hans said, "Hello, Brazil smells like onions." This is an example of a(n)
A. translation problem.
B. inappropriate use of humor.
C. ethnocentrism issue.
D. offensive gesture.
No Status
26. Irish businessperson Nicole McMurray wanted to give Mrs. Fukushima, the wife of a well-known Japanese business executive, a small token of appreciation for inviting her to dinner. Nicole carefully selected a gift, wrapped it in white paper, and placed a red bow on top of the package. When Nicole presented the gift, Mr. and Mrs. Fukushima responded with looks of confusion and frowns. Later, Nicole learned that the color white signifies death to the Japanese, while red signifies luck. This situation illustrates that
A. the Japanese culture prefers dark colors, such as gray.
B. the concept of color is similar throughout the world.
C. color is not an important concept in most cultures.
D. different cultures associate different meanings with color.
No Status
27. What issue is associated with product names that businesses often encounter when they start to sell their products internationally?
A. Readability
B. Length of the product names
C. Pronunciation issues
D. Translation issues
No Status
28. Paige is a Canadian businessperson who is attending a meeting in India. What should Paige wear to the meeting to make a positive, professional impression?
A. Conservative pantsuit
B. Ornate jewelry
C. Leather belt
D. Sleeveless dress
No Status
29. Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Humor is a desirable personality trait for a businessperson.
A. False, humor makes being an effective leader more difficult.
B. False, humor detracts from your professional image.
C. True, humor can make you appear more dependable.
D. True, humor can make people around you more comfortable.
No Status
30. Individuals with initiative usually do __________ they are asked to do.
A. less than
B. more than
C. exactly what
D. little of what
No Status
31. Which of the following is an example of an employee who is behaving in an unethical manner:
A. Taking credit for others' work
B. Using benefits appropriately
C. Telling the truth to managers
D. Admitting to all mistakes
No Status
32. Jack, a manager, said to his staff, "I know that many of you think that this is a risky course of action. But, I've decided that we should proceed. If this is successful, it could greatly benefit the company. If it fails, I'll accept the consequences and work to find a new solution." What is Jack doing?
A. Accepting responsibility for his decision
B. Indicating that he doesn't think he's made a good decision
C. Asking his staff to share the blame, if the action fails
D. Requesting that his staff support his decision
No Status
33. Jana has a meeting with her boss for two hours at 10:00 Monday morning and is leading a videoconference at 4:30 that afternoon. Susan, a potential investor, calls Jana early Monday morning and says that she will be flying in from Portland Monday morning at 11:30. After she picks up her rental car, Susan wants to meet with Jana early Monday afternoon. Jana knows that meetings with her boss tend to last longer than expected, and that Susan will have a 45-minute drive from the airport to her office. The investor could really help the company, so Jana feels that it is important to meet with Susan. What should Jana tell this important potential investor about meeting on Monday afternoon?
A. Ask Susan to meet her at her office at noon for a lunch meeting
B. Tell Susan that Monday is a very bad day and suggest that they schedule a meeting the following week
C. Suggest that they meet for lunch at 1:15 p.m. at a restaurant located between the airport and her office
D. Advise Susan that she can meet her at the airport lounge at 3:15
No Status
34. An employee who has good feelings about the company, always looks on the bright side of things, and who is optimistic that the business will succeed is said to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. positive
B. neutral
C. negative
D. indifferent
No Status
35. Which of the following demonstrates a salesperson's empathy for customers:
A. Showing an understanding of customers' feelings
B. Creating a favorable impression with customers
C. Giving customers reasons to purchase a good or service
D. Selling customers an item to go with what they already bought
No Status
36. Ali wants to negotiate with her boss to take on more job responsibilities. Before approaching her boss, Ali needs to determine her boss's position and
A. procedures.
B. abilities.
C. standards.
D. interests.
No Status
37. A leader who imagines a better way of doing things is exhibiting the trait of
A. empathy.
B. awareness.
C. discipline.
D. creativity.
No Status
38. One way that team leaders can show enthusiasm while enlisting others to work toward a shared vision is by
A. applying for promotions within the organization.
B. recognizing and rewarding progress toward the vision.
C. sharing the vision with only certain team members.
D. avoiding contact with vendors and suppliers.
No Status
39. Because the United States is made up of people from all parts of the world, it has many different
A. sanctions.
B. governments.
C. courts.
D. cultures.
No Status
40. Which of the following is NOT a name for a medium of exchange accepted and backed by the government as payment for goods and services:
A. Credit cards
B. Legal tender
C. Currency
D. Bonds
No Status
41. Which of the following statements about understanding your spending habits is true:
A. A key aspect of opening a bank account
B. A key aspect in exceeding financial goals
C. The first step in creating a financial plan
D. The last step in creating a financial plan
No Status
42. Matt is balancing his checkbook for the first time. He compares the checks he has written over the last month with those listed on his statement and finds that all of his checks have cleared. Next, he verifies that his latest paycheck, which he deposited the previous day, is on the list. It is not, so he adds it to his statement balance. After this, he should
A. subtract any interest.
B. subtract fees and charges.
C. call the bank for a new statement.
D. consider everything done.
No Status
43. When Stefanie receives her credit-card statement at the end of the month, she sees that she was charged for a down-payment on a new car that she hadn't purchased. Which of the following is NOT something she should do:
A. File a police report
B. Call the car dealership
C. Contact her credit-card company
D. Check her credit report
No Status
44. If a business chooses not to do something that it considers risky, it is __________ the risk.
A. transferring
B. avoiding
C. mitigating
D. accepting
No Status
45. Which of the following is one way that small businesses use technology to perform accounting tasks:
A. Establishing tax codes
B. Requesting quotes by e-mail
C. Filing tax returns online
D. Developing institutional policies
No Status
46. Which of the following is one of the components of a business's cash payments:
A. Total credit sales
B. Previous month's balance
C. Cost of goods
D. Interest from loans
No Status
47. Balancing the business's objective to make a profit with the interests of all the business's stakeholders is a primary consideration related to the business's
A. maintenance activities.
B. creative processes.
C. financial ethics.
D. forecasting methods.
No Status
48. Which of the following is a benefit to businesses of orienting new employees:
A. Increases profit
B. Reduces turnover
C. Provides information
D. Eliminates training
No Status
49. What is the foundation of knowledge management?
A. An unresolved conflict or problem
B. An intangible product to market
C. A place to store unrelated data
D. A willingness to share expertise
No Status
50. Camilla is being promoted and is training Cecily to take over her current position. To help Cecily acclimate to her new job, Camilla gives Cecily some tips that might help her process her work more efficiently. What does this example illustrate?
A. Camilla is providing too much information and is likely to confuse and frustrate Cecily.
B. Cecily should be cautious about the information that Camilla is giving her because it is probably incorrect.
C. Camilla is exhibiting ethical behavior by passing along personal knowledge to help Cecily learn how to do her job.
D. Cecily should develop her own way of doing things because it is likely to be better than Camilla's way.
No Status
51. How does the fragmentation of processes help to protect a company's trade secret?
A. The company will not need to monitor any part of the process.
B. It replaces the need to obtain a copyright for intellectual property.
C. Employees' knowledge is limited to a specific part of the process.
D. The need for non-compete agreements is eliminated.
No Status
52. The use of sorting techniques to capture knowledge involves
A. comparing and ordering concepts.
B. obtaining and storing confidential information.
C. documenting relevant facts.
D. setting long-term objectives.
No Status
53. Which of the following situations is an example of an employee taking action to increase sales:
A. Nigel increases the markup of the company's primary product from 25 percent to 35 percent.
B. Kevin advises a customer that shipping charges will increase five percent for orders over $1,000.
C. Nancy orders additional inventory from a vendor who was offering deep discounts for a limited time.
D. Annabelle calls on her customers to determine if they need additional products.
No Status
54. The following statement appeared in an online journal article written by Dr. Lydia Garrett: "Dr. Sanderson has limited expertise in the area of biophysics, and I do not believe that he has conducted enough research to support his theory." This is an example of
A. supporting evidence.
B. an opinion. ic , and I do no believe that he has
C. hearsay.
D. a fact.
No Status
55. Which of the following is a natural risk that businesses should consider when establishing their information-management procedures:
A. Tax audit
B. Fire
C. Technology
D. Privacy
No Status
56. Business people often use the calendar applications on their cellular telephones to
A. obtain driving directions.
B. track their appointments.
C. send text messages to clients.
D. check their e-mail.
No Status
57. Jamal wants to purchase software for his small business that allows him to create text documents, prepare presentations, maintain a customer database, and develop numerical charts. What type of software would best meet Jamal's needs?
A. Word processing
B. Integrated
C. Spreadsheet
D. Trajectory
No Status
58. Which of the following forms of communication is the most efficient way to bring four coworkers who are located in different cities together to simultaneously discuss a common business issue:
A. Switchboard
B. Audio conferencing
C. Video camera
D. Teleprompter
No Status
59. Project-management software can help businesspeople allocate necessary resources and
A. hire contractors.
B. schedule tasks.
C. establish credit.
D. authorize payments.
No Status
60. A customer sent the Webster Company a check in the amount of $1,725 as partial payment for a $2,456.29 purchase. During the current billing cycle, the customer made several purchases, totaling $466.23. Now, Webster must generate a new account statement to send to the customer. How much money does the customer owe Webster?
A. $731.29
B. $1,197.52
C. $466.23
D. $1,719.51
No Status
61. Businesses often maintain records about vendors' pricing, delivery terms, and credit policies and use the information in the records to
A. monitor inventory levels.
B. negotiate higher discounts.
C. award purchasing contracts.
D. follow safe shipping procedures.
No Status
62. Which of the following facility components are inspected by authorized officials to ensure that safety ordinances are met:
A. Computer networks
B. Photocopiers
C. Elevators
D. Portable cameras
No Status
63. A common cause of back injuries on the job is
A. poor posture.
B. improper lifting.
C. hard physical labor.
D. sitting in one position.
No Status
64. Why might a business obtain a trademark for its intellectual property?
A. To prevent the publication of the business's written work
B. To protect the integrity of the business's logo
C. To keep competitors from using the business's manufacturing processes
D. To stop the unauthorized use of the business's inventions
No Status
65. Luke is a purchasing-department employee who must complete his inventory report by 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday. He must also collect bids and place orders for staple items by Wednesday at noon. Because Luke knows that it will take a while to obtain the bids, he decides to start contacting vendors before he begins working on his inventory report. Luke is __________ his workload.
A. prioritizing
B. delegating
C. communicating
D. simplifying
No Status
66. Tom needs Allison to provide a status report, so he can review inventory levels. After Tom has reviewed the inventory report, he must tell Kayla which items the business needs, so she can contact the appropriate vendors to order stock. To achieve the business's goal of maintaining adequate inventory levels, each employee must perform his/her tasks in a(n) __________ order.
A. sequential
B. reverse
C. informal
D. flexible
No Status
67. What can you do if you will be unable to obtain the amount of financial support that you need to complete the project?
A. Decrease time
B. Eliminate the project
C. Lower expectations
D. Cut costs
No Status
68. Purchasing can help manufacturing businesses to sharpen their competitive edge by
A. promoting products to customers.
B. maximizing inventory investment.
C. limiting shipment of goods.
D. keeping their prices down.
No Status
69. If the delivery date is an important factor when placing an order, a buyer must consider the vendor's
A. quantity discounts.
B. lead time.
C. unit pricing.
D. billing process.
No Status
70. Which of the following actions will help a business maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors:
A. Negotiating aggressively
B. Limiting communication
C. Solving problems together
D. Withholding information
No Status
71. The Colbert Company ships 19 cases of model number 328 bolts to SOA Manufacturing Company every other week. This is an example of a(n) ___________ purchase order.
A. advance
B. standing
C. seasonal
D. open
No Status
72. Which of the following items would a clothing manufacturer classify as raw-materials inventory:
A. Zippers, sewing machines, and cloth
B. Buttons, cloth, and thread
C. Thread, zippers, and sewing machines
D. Cloth, zippers, and shirts
No Status
73. What should businesses do before negotiating with vendors?
A. Make minor concessions
B. Implement aggressive tactics
C. Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses
D. Adopt a win-lose attitude
No Status
74. The Six Sigma model involves continuously implementing activities that
A. influence regulation and decrease outputs.
B. promote consistency and eliminate resources.
C. stimulate revenue and lessen decision making.
D. improve quality and reduce inefficiencies.
No Status
75. Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Employees can help the business to control expenses by being as productive as possible.
A. False, employee productivity does not help the business.
B. True, when an employee wastes time, the company is losing money.
C. True, employees should be productive even when they are ill.
D. False, employee productivity does not affect expenses.
No Status
76. A businessperson conducted an analysis which indicated that the company's productivity increased15% last quarter after implementing a new production process. The purpose of the analysis was to
A. reduce organizational waste.
B. solve a problem.
C. validate an action.
D. formulate a plan.
No Status
77. A worker must remove jewelry while working with dangerous equipment. This is an example of a dress code that is influenced by
A. the nature of the job.
B. business-image considerations.
C. personal preferences.
D. corporate-casual policies.
No Status
78. Which of the following would not be scheduled on a daily "To Do" list:
A. Activities that must be done next month
B. Required activities from the master list
C. New activities that must be completed the next day
D. Activities that were previously scheduled for the day
No Status
79. Which of the following is a career search tool for determining what you are capable of doing now and might be good at doing with additional training or education:
A. Intelligence test
B. Aptitude test
C. Interest survey
D. Personality test
No Status
80. Employees who work in certain professions are required to pass an examination and obtain a
A. license.
B. sponsor.
C. charter.
D. patent.
No Status
81. Identify the weakness of the following opening paragraph used in a letter of application: Your recent advertisment in the Gazette for a customer service representative is of interest to me. I would like to aply for the position.
A. Spelling
B. Format
C. Grammar
D. Punctuation
No Status
82. Membership in a professional association can contribute to your professional growth by helping you to
A. develop leadership skills.
B. prepare for rejection.
C. fund personal projects.
D. eliminate stress.
No Status
83. Employees who are unsure about workplace protocol and procedures should
A. obtain suggestions from coworkers.
B. follow their instincts.
C. conduct a formal investigation.
D. ask their managers to clarify the policies.
No Status
84. Tiffany Evans is the purchasing manager of a janitorial supply company. Which of the following employees reports directly to Tiffany:
A. Elizabeth Curtis, assistant buyer
B. Quinn Montgomery, accounts-receivable coordinator
C. Christopher Franklin, senior buyer
D. Logan Grear, shipping clerk
No Status
85. What type of goal is designed to prevent or control internal organizational behavior?
A. Profit
B. Product
C. Order
D. Short-term
No Status
86. How can all workers help their employers achieve their organizational goals?
A. Implement liberal spending habits
B. Perform their jobs in efficient ways
C. Develop a mission statement
D. Delegate their workloads
No Status
87. When Deidra was developing the statement of work (SOW) for a complex construction project, she included a statement that describes the things that the project will and won't include. This statement is defining the project
A. constraints.
B. outcome.
C. risks.
D. scope.
No Status
88. Which of the following is the first step in developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for a project:
A. Determine how long it will take to complete each work task
B. Ensure that work tasks are being completed in the proper order
C. Evaluate the quality of completed activities in relation to the project goals
D. Divide the workload into independent work packages
No Status
89. So project-team members understand the project objectives and what is expected of them, project managers need to
A. develop grievance procedures.
B. communicate clearly.
C. eliminate conflict.
D. make decisions.
No Status
90. Which of the following is a question that should be answered when developing the "lessons learned" document:
A. What are the risks?
B. What equipment should we use?
C. Who are our stakeholders?
D. How can we improve?
No Status
91. A water-filtering company made some changes to its processes that resulted in better tasting water. This is an example of
A. market development.
B. quality control.
C. opportunity cost.
D. quality improvement.
No Status
92. The overall purpose of the Six Sigma quality-management framework is to satisfy customers and
A. lower costs.
B. simplify activities.
C. improve technology.
D. identify needs.
No Status
93. What activity helps businesses identify the various opportunities for continuous quality improvement?
A. Monitoring data
B. Setting goals
C. Establishing budgets
D. Rationing resources
No Status
94. Which of the following is a true statement about the role of ethics and business risk:
A. Businesses that follow ethical guidelines often damage their reputations in the marketplace.
B. The unethical behaviors of a business's managers do not affect the business's employees.
C. Businesses that provide ethics-training programs can reduce the business's level of risk.
D. Businesses are not at risk when they assume that their employees understand the importance of ethics.
No Status
95. Which of the following is a form of technology that businesses use to reduce the risk of robbery and theft within their facilities:
A. Kiosks
B. Deadbolt locks
C. Electronic cash registers
D. Surveillance cameras
No Status
96. When RWQ Corporation could not obtain insurance coverage to cover a specific type risk from commercial insurance companies, it formed an insurance company to provide coverage for the risk. This is an example of a company managing its risk through a(n)
A. organic entity.
B. captive insurer.
C. generic provider.
D. lending institution.
No Status
97. Which of the following is an activity associated with the organizing function of management:
A. Inspecting the quality of outputs
B. Developing a mission statement
C. Determining the division of labor
D. Providing employees with feedback
No Status
98. What is an important question that a manager must consider when hiring a new employee?
A. What are the company's product quality standards?
B. What is the company's vision?
C. How should the workload be distributed?
D. How will the company compensate this worker?
No Status
99. A primary activity of the directing function of management is
A. evaluating performance.
B. identifying skills.
C. initiating action.
D. establishing authority.
No Status
100. One of the functions of managerial control involves comparing the results of various business activities with the
A. safety regulations.
B. hiring procedures.
C. established goals.
D. purchasing methods.
No Status
Test 1079
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Which of the following are examples of intellectual property that a business can protect by registering trademarks:
A. Creative formulas and ideas
B. Original novels and movies
C. New products and processes
D. Distinctive names and symbols
No Status
2. The goal of many governmental agencies is to protect the
A. rights of business.
B. barriers to trade.
C. target market.
D. monetary policy.
No Status
3. What is one way businesspeople can improve their active listening skills?
A. Controlling the conversation by monitoring their own nonverbal language
B. Thinking about how to respond to the speaker's message
C. Concentrating on remembering what the speaker says
D. Paying more attention to the speaker's nonverbal cues than to her/his tone of voice
No Status
4. Is it a legitimate response to a customer's inquiry for an employee to say that s/he doesn't know the answer to a customer's question?
A. Yes, if the employee advises the customer that s/he will get the information and will respond to the customer as soon as possible.
B. Yes, if the employee doesn't know the answer to the customer's question, then the customer will find another employee to provide the information.
C. No. Customers do not respect employees who cannot answer simple questions, so it is better to provide them with an educated guess.
D. No. It is the employee's responsibility to learn every aspect of the business and to be able to answer every question.
No Status
5. Identify the type of appeal used in the following persuasive message: "This new book is written by Dr. Juliet Browne, who holds a doctorate from the Harvard School of Medicine and is the Chair of the World Health Organization."
A. Credibility
B. Reason
C. Emotions
D. Shock value
No Status
6. What should the first section of an executive summary contain?
A. An acknowledgement of the report's sponsors
B. A recommended course of action
C. A letter of authorization
D. A statement of the report's purpose
No Status
7. Sharon is sending a short email progress report to the three team members she meets with regularly. What writing style is most appropriate for this type of report?
A. Formal, because a title page and executive summary are used in all forms of business writing to clearly convey a message
B. Formal, because this is a business-related email and all emails about the workplace should be formally written
C. Informal, because a progress report is typically viewed by persons outside the organization
D. Informal, because she knows the team members well and addresses them informally on a dayto-day basis
No Status
8. When the audience wants to know which course of action to take, the writer of an analytical report should focus on
A. logical arguments.
B. recommendations.
C. progress.
D. external factors.
No Status
9. At the beginning of a research report, the writer should include the
A. solution to the problem.
B. purpose of the study.
C. appendices.
D. bibliography.
No Status
10. What information should employees avoid sharing with their coworkers?
A. Organizational tips
B. Current salary
C. Sales policies
D. Vacation plans
No Status
11. Learning a client's name and using it when greeting the client is a technique that promotes positive __________ relations.
A. customer
B. management
C. employer
D. employee
No Status
12. One way that many businesses reinforce their service orientation through communication is by
A. sending a directive memo.
B. distributing financial reports.
C. telling their customers the truth.
D. writing appealing news releases.
No Status
13. What kind of utility is created when a customer purchases a new television set?
A. Time
B. Possession
C. Place
D. Form
No Status
14. Manufacturers try to produce goods in response to
A. producer demand.
B. product utility.
C. consumer demand.
D. environmental factors.
No Status
15. Businesses can exhibit social responsibility by
A. maximizing their profits.
B. paying income taxes.
C. giving political donations.
D. producing low-priced products.
No Status
16. Which of the following is most likely to be a result of competition:
A. Reduction in product quality
B. Development of new products
C. High prices
D. More monopolies
No Status
17. Businesses' profits are at a 30-year low, but consumer savings are at an all-time high. For more than a year, unemployment has also been at record levels. What is the state of the economy?
A. Expansion
B. Depression
C. Recession
D. Recovery
No Status
18. Apple produces its MacIntosh computers in China. In calculating GDP, these computers would be part of
A. community revitalization.
B. the GDP for China.
C. the GDP for the U.S.
D. government purchases.
No Status
19. The United States' business culture tends to embrace self-reliance and personal accomplishment, which are characteristics of
A. an individualist society.
B. the concept of collectivism.
C. a long-term orientation.
D. a team-oriented mindset.
No Status
20. Mr. Fox, a Canadian business owner, wanted to buy franchise rights to Frau Dietrich's Strudel chain, which is headquartered in Hanover, Germany. Mr. Fox was late arriving for the meeting, which is very insulting to Germans. Unfortunately, Mr. Fox did not get the deal because he failed to recognize the importance of __________ to German businesspeople.
A. time
B. space
C. achievement
D. education
No Status
21. To make a good impression and communicate an attitude of success and professionalism, foreign businesspeople should wear well-made, conservative suits when they attend Argentine business meetings. This is an issue related to
A. business management style.
B. gestures and problem solving.
C. proper table manners.
D. appropriate personal appearance.
No Status
22. Kevin is a Scottish businessperson who wanted to learn some key Japanese phrases to use during his meeting with Mr. Suzuki, the owner of an electronics company in Tokyo. When he greeted Mr. Suzuki for the first time, Kevin wanted to say in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I am honored to meet you." But instead, Kevin bowed, smiled, and said in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I would like you to kick me." Of course, Mr. Suzuki was confused and didn't know how to respond. This situation is an example of a problem that relates to
A. attitudes toward change.
B. nonverbal cues.
C. differences in work ethic.
D. language barriers.
No Status
23. Although gift-giving practices often help establish positive Chinese business relationships, foreigners should avoid giving Chinese businesspeople expensive gifts, which others may perceive as
A. insincere.
B. bribery.
C. industrious.
D. collaboration.
No Status
24. In many Middle-Eastern countries, showing the bottom of your shoe or foot is an offensive gesture, so it is important for foreign businesspeople to
A. dress appropriately for the occasion.
B. monitor their behavior.
C. verify language translations.
D. understand the importance of punctuality.
No Status
25. When Andrea learned that her work team was meeting with a group of Saudi Arabian businesspeople, she researched the culture and discovered that Saudi Arabian woman do not participate in business activities. She also read some articles that contained tips to ensure that she dressed appropriately and did not do anything to offend the Saudi Arabian men during the meeting. This situation illustrates a cultural difference related to
A. cognitive intelligence.
B. age.
C. negotiation style.
D. gender.
No Status
26. A responsible person who accepts a job with a company is giving the business a
A. proposal.
B. challenge.
C. promise.
D. guarantee.
No Status
27. Which of the following is an example of an employee who is accepting responsibility for his/her actions:
A. Pete informed the team leader that Brenda's carelessness, rather than his own, was the reason for the inconsistencies in the group's project report.
B. Cynthia admitted to her supervisor about the billing mistake that she made on the Andrew's account.
C. Emily realized that she forgot to lock the warehouse door on the night that the equipment was stolen, and she didn't tell anyone.
D. Larry decided that he would require Bob to make the decision, so Bob would be blamed if something went wrong.
No Status
28. Planning ahead and estimating the time it will take to complete your tasks will help you to
A. learn how to procrastinate.
B. manage your work commitments effectively.
C. improve your technical skills.
D. reduce your workload.
No Status
29. Two salespeople show little interest in their own activities as well as the activities of others. What type of attitude is being exhibited by the salespeople?
A. Positive
B. Constructive
C. Indifferent
D. Pessimistic
No Status
30. The main reason many individuals resist change is
A. self-confidence.
B. decisiveness.
C. discipline.
D. fear.
No Status
31. We all have the right to express ourselves as long as we do not __________ others' rights.
A. respect
B. violate
C. support
D. influence
No Status
32. Consensus building creates high-quality solutions because
A. everyone has a unique perspective.
B. only a few ideas are considered.
C. it is very time-consuming.
D. some people have more power than others.
No Status
33. Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure in achieving the vision is part of a team leader's
A. establishing good working relationships.
B. being an example.
C. being enthusiastic.
D. being a good listener.
No Status
34. Persons who are conceited and domineering because they feel they are better than others have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. defeatist
B. mature
C. inferior
D. superior
No Status
35. Many people pay for meals and lodging on credit through a(n)
A. unsecured loan.
B. installment credit account.
C. budget credit account.
D. travel and entertainment card.
No Status
36. Lyla is applying for a loan to buy a house for the first time. Which of the following should she be certain to do when applying for the loan:
A. Read all paperwork carefully
B. Overstate her assets
C. Sign blank documents
D. Inaccurately report her debts
No Status
37. Jane can determine her credit rating by
A. obtaining a report from a credit bureau.
B. adding together her credit-card balances.
C. asking her employer for the information.
D. applying for an account with a credit union.
No Status
38. A decrease in the availability of raw materials is an economic risk that may result in __________ for a business.
A. high interest rates
B. increased regulation
C. financial loss
D. lower turnover
No Status
39. Why would a business's stockholders be interested in the business's accounting records?
A. To know when to send in their next dividend
B. To find out what benefits employees receive
C. To find out whether the business plans changes
D. To know whether they have made a good investment
No Status
40. Which of the following is a characteristic of a profit-and-loss statement:
A. Shows the owner's financial position
B. Is the same as a balance sheet
C. Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales
D. Lists assets and liabilities
No Status
41. Which of the following is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow:
A. Accounts receivable
B. Return on capital
C. Capital structure
D. Accounts payable
No Status
42. Which of the following is an example of helpful, printed information that businesses often give new employees during orientation:
A. Company handbook
B. Annual report
C. Application form
D. Promotional brochure
No Status
43. During an executive staff meeting, the company's president stated, “Samari Enterprises experienced a three percent increase during the first quarter and a five percent increase during the second quarter of this fiscal year.” The company's president is providing the group with
A. speculation.
B. tacit knowledge.
C. personal opinion.
D. explicit knowledge.
No Status
44. Because Bob was angry that Laurie received the promotion that he wanted, Bob decided not to tell her about a procedure that he uses to bypass a specific problem with a computer program—a step that would save Laurie and other employees a lot of time. This is an ethical issue that is related to
A. misleading facts.
B. unlawful behavior.
C. embezzlement.
D. withholding information.
No Status
45. Which of the following is an effective technological tool for businesspeople to use to share explicit knowledge simultaneously with coworkers who are in different geographic locations:
A. Filters
B. Webcam
C. Hyperlinks
D. Kiosk
No Status
46. What is a Web-based tool that a business can use that provides its employees with the ability to share tacit knowledge from remote locations?
A. Codification
B. Wiki
C. Spreadsheet
D. Intranet
No Status
47. To reduce the risk of employees sharing trade secrets with industry rivals, businesses might require their employees to
A. sign a nondisclosure agreement.
B. develop a mission statement.
C. analyze annual financial reports.
D. complete standard personnel forms.
No Status
48. A manager watches an employee perform a work activity and writes notes that describe the process. This is an example of capturing knowledge by
A. interrogation.
B. rationalization.
C. observation.
D. imitation.
No Status
49. Which of the following marketing functions often helps a business create an image:
A. Promotion
B. Advertising
C. Public relations
D. Selling
No Status
50. What is an important question that all businesses should answer about their ethical behavior in managing their customers' information?
A. Where can we obtain general demographic information about untapped market segments?
B. What information do we need to obtain about our customers to determine their ability to pay?
C. What research method will provide the most comprehensive results about our competitors' activities?
D. How do we obtain information about our customers in ways that do not violate their privacy?
No Status
51. Many presentation software programs allow users to
A. copyright their graphics.
B. include voice narration.
C. calculate numerical data.
D. analyze organizational progress.
No Status
52. Which of the following is a standard function of most spreadsheet software programs:
A. Managing database files
B. Preparing promotional brochures
C. Performing financial calculations
D. Creating slide presentations
No Status
53. Haley has completed a new page to add to her employer's existing web site. What does she need to do next?
A. Upload the page to the web server
B. Obtain a domain name
C. Select an Internet service provider
D. Add the page to the internal network
No Status
54. The ONT Company is a very large firm that handles many types of projects. What type of projectmanagement software program would be the best choice for ONT to use?
A. Costing
B. Scheduling
C. Corporate-level
D. Individual-level
No Status
55. Why is it important for businesses to maintain records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing?
A. To develop new displays
B. To forecast future sales
C. To plan credit programs
D. To organize special events
No Status
56. What type of internal business record will help a firm determine the status of its supplies?
A. SWOT analysis
B. Income statement
C. Inventory report
D. Credit report
No Status
57. Which of the following is unethical behavior in the operations function of business:
A. Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier
B. Using negotiating techniques to encourage a vendor to make concessions
C. Developing scorecards to evaluate suppliers' performance levels
D. Setting deadlines for vendors to submit their bids
No Status
58. The Maxwell Manufacturing Company regularly inspects its production equipment and conducts regular maintenance activities to ensure that the equipment works correctly. By conducting these activities, Maxwell is complying with laws that relate to
A. discrimination.
B. workplace safety.
C. chemical emissions.
D. technical security.
No Status
59. When should an individual consider administering first aid to the victim in an accident situation?
A. When the law requires it
B. When company policy requires it
C. When immediate treatment is essential
D. When the state has a Good Samaritan Law
No Status
60. Why is it important for business employees to follow established security procedures?
A. To avoid the risk of accidents
B. To create a pleasant facility
C. To reduce the possibility of loss
D. To develop a healthy environment
No Status
61. Which of the following activities should be an employee's top priority:
A. Preparing a purchase order that needs to be faxed to the vendor in two days
B. Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour
C. Making reservations at a local restaurant for a business luncheon that is going to be held in two weeks
D. Photocopying a three-page document for a meeting with a customer that is scheduled to occur five hours from now
No Status
62. Which of the following situations is an example of employees coordinating their work efforts:
A. Sarah calls a vendor to verify the delivery date of an order, while Shelley sells products.
B. Bob unpacks a shipment and places the items on shelves in the warehouse.
C. Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him.
D. Ed reviews his monthly financial report to verify his calculations.
No Status
63. Maddie and her project team are developing a landscape design plan for a new office complex. Midway through the project, the project client tells Maddie that the team's plans must include a walking/jogging trail. Even though this is the first time that the client has mentioned this idea to anyone on the team, Maddie agrees to add the trail to the design plan. This is an example of
A. scope creep.
B. backing in.
C. fast tracking.
D. micromanagement.
No Status
64. Jane owns a small business and would order merchandise for her business every two weeks directly from a
A. craft union.
B. trade mission.
C. retailer.
D. vendor.
No Status
65. To maintain favorable relationships with vendors, a business must
A. develop a decentralized buying structure.
B. use aggressive negotiation tactics.
C. implement return policies.
D. have a cooperative orientation.
No Status
66. A business with a cooperative orientation tends to view its relationships with vendors as
A. obligations.
B. partnerships.
C. long-term rivalries.
D. short-term transactions.
No Status
67. On what type of purchase order are you most likely to find the following information: This order covers the MRE Manufacturing Company's purchase of ½" rubber gaskets, Model # 62376 metal washers, and ¾" PVC piping beginning April 10, 2012 through March 31, 2013. The prices stated in your quotation dated January 31, 2010 are effective until March 31, 2013.
A. Custom
B. Blanket
C. Service
D. Referral
No Status
68. Which of the following are examples of raw materials that a business might keep on hand for production:
A. Leather, bolts, stapler, and ore
B. Grain, minerals, leather, and oil
C. Minerals, tables, leather, and paper
D. Oil, grain, shoes, and household cleanser
No Status
69. The Simpson Company is negotiating discount terms with Cornwell Manufacturing, a prospective vendor. During the negotiation, Cornwell states that it is willing to offer Simpson a six-percent discount on orders over $50,000. Although Simpson would rather have an eight- percent discount, it agrees to the terms, hoping to obtain something it wants later in the negotiation. This is an example of a
A. position.
B. withdrawal.
C. plea.
D. concession.
No Status
70. What must be done first to begin a Six Sigma Improvement Model?
A. Review data to determine if change needs to be made
B. Collect data to measure areas identified as problematic
C. Make improvements to areas with low customer satisfaction scores
D. Define the gaps between customer satisfaction and the company's capabilities
No Status
71. What might stockholders do if a corporation was unable to pay dividends because of excessive expenses?
A. Reduce earnings
B. Organize a takeover
C. Invest elsewhere
D. Buy additional shares
No Status
72. Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A. production.
B. distribution.
C. finance.
D. human resources.
No Status
73. A guideline for determining a healthy weight for an individual is that body weight should be in proportion to
A. sleeping habits.
B. age and nutrition.
C. height and bone structure.
D. personal grooming.
No Status
74. Which part of the time-management process helps you get a better idea of when you're most productive?
A. Setting goals
B. Identifying objectives
C. Creating "to-do" lists
D. Keeping a time log
No Status
75. Why is it effective to visit a business's employment office when conducting a job search?
A. To contact other applicants
B. To schedule an interview
C. To locate unadvertised openings
D. To meet with department managers
No Status
76. An effective résumé provides a prospective employer with the information needed to judge the applicant's qualifications without being
A. detailed.
B. lengthy.
C. specific.
D. concise.
No Status
77. Two common methods for locating a professional organization/association that satisfies the needs of a prospective member are
A. purchasing a classified advertisement or questioning other people.
B. contacting group headquarters or hoping to be sent an invitation.
C. questioning other people or contacting group headquarters.
D. hoping to be sent an invitation or purchasing a classified advertisement.
No Status
78. Dora has been arriving late to work once or twice a week. Because Dora is not following the company's rules of conduct, what action is Dora's employer likely to take?
A. Promote Dora
B. Reprimand Dora
C. Excuse Dora's tardiness
D. Assign Dora additional work
No Status
79. Sally is a production-line worker who is experiencing problems with the production equipment. Following the appropriate chain of command, Sally should report the problem to
A. Linda, the operations manager.
B. Sylvia, the vice president of operations.
C. Tom, the production-section manager.
D. Jim, the production-line supervisor.
No Status
80. What type of organizational goal involves setting standards in relation to the target market's expectations?
A. Employee
B. Consumer
C. Technology
D. Financial
No Status
81. One way to determine if an employee is helping a business to achieve its organizational goals is by
A. analyzing external economic factors.
B. providing the employee with extensive training.
C. evaluating the employee's performance.
D. developing an incentive program.
No Status
82. So that a business can achieve its organizational goals, the business's employees must have
A. comprehensive analytical skills.
B. adequate training.
C. detailed reports.
D. unlimited resources.
No Status
83. What question should the purpose statement of a project's statement of work (SOW) answer?
A. What materials do we need to do this project?
B. What is this project going to produce?
C. Why are we doing this project?
D. Who will carry out this project?
No Status
84. The primary purpose of developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects is to
A. monitor human resources and supplies.
B. document the benefits of the project.
C. organize the work in a logical sequence.
D. identify potential stakeholders.
No Status
85. Corrine is the project manager for a research project. Yesterday, Corrine told Anthony, one of the project team members, that he is responsible for developing the sample plan for a survey. What was Corrine doing?
A. Providing guidance
B. Monitoring processes
C. Delegating work
D. Evaluating performance
No Status
86. Which of the following is an activity performed during the close-out phase of a project:
A. Sequencing tasks
B. Documenting results
C. Selecting resources
D. Setting goals
No Status
87. During what phase of the project does the project manager release the project's equipment, supplies, and team members?
A. Closing
B. Implementation
C. Planning
D. Definition
No Status
88. An important aspect of Jason's job is developing better, more efficient organizational processes. The aspect of quality management in which Jason is involved is
A. consistency.
B. assurance.
C. deviation.
D. improvement.
No Status
89. Which of the following quality management frameworks uses martial arts terminology to identify individuals necessary for its implementation:
A. Quality Max
B. ITIL
C. CMMI
D. Six Sigma
No Status
90. A primary reason it is important for businesses to continuously try to improve work processes is to
A. communicate effectively.
B. motivate employees.
C. encourage creativity.
D. increase efficiency.
No Status
91. To control the business's level of risk, management needs to clearly communicate the business's code of ethics to employees because
A. businesses usually do not address ethical issues in their employee handbooks.
B. the government requires all businesses to provide in-depth ethics training programs.
C. the employees' personal ethics may differ from the business's ethics.
D. business policies tend to change in terms of what is considered ethical behavior.
No Status
92. When a company uses computer software to assess the risk levels associated with alternative actions in a variety of business situations, it is conducting
A. qualitative research.
B. product feasibility study.
C. top-down forecasting.
D. what-if planning.
No Status
93. Vanessa, who is opening a new fitness center, is concerned about the risks that she, her employees, and her customers could encounter while at her facility. As a result, Vanessa has developed a list of guidelines for her staff to follow: gather a medical history from each customer, provide every customer with instructions for using the exercise equipment, and maintain CPR certification. By instituting these policies, Vanessa hopes to avoid __________ lawsuits.
A. private nuisance
B. negligence
C. breach-of-contract
D. discrimination
No Status
94. In a large company, a separate department often is responsible for finding workers for the business. What management function is this department performing?
A. Controlling
B. Planning
C. Directing
D. Staffing
No Status
95. What must occur before any management functions can be carried out?
A. Brainstorming
B. Analyzing
C. Processing
D. Planning
No Status
96. What function of management establishes a company's levels of authority?
A. Controlling
B. Staffing
C. Organizing
D. Evaluating
No Status
97. Melanie is showing a group of new employees how to perform work-related tasks. What staffing activity is Melanie performing?
A. Interviewing
B. Recruiting
C. Training
D. Appraising
No Status
98. A production supervisor provides a new line worker with information about how to assemble an item. What management function is the production supervisor performing?
A. Directing
B. Staffing
C. Organizing
D. Planning
No Status
99. What is an important element of all businesses that managers must control?
A. Benefits
B. Competitors
C. Finances
D. Incentives
No Status
100. An assistant bank manager overhears one of her tellers incorrectly quote a savings-account interest rate to a potential customer. Rather than waiting until later to address the problem, the manager corrects the teller immediately and makes sure the teller gives the customer the correct information. Which of the following controls is taking place:
A. Concurrent control
B. Preventive control
C. Feedback control
D. Post control
No Status
Test 1089
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Environmental regulations are often developed to encourage businesses to participate in
A. ethical contracts.
B. law enforcement.
C. resource identification.
D. recycling programs.
No Status
2. John would like to be a business owner, has money to invest, and wants to limit his liability. He does not have time to participate in the day-to-day operations of the business. What type of business ownership would you recommend?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Open corporation
C. Close corporation
D. General partnership
No Status
3. When your parents tell you to vacuum the living room, you are receiving
A. written directions.
B. social directions.
C. nonverbal directions.
D. oral directions.
No Status
4. Eye contact, facial expression, and body language are examples of
A. verbal acknowledgement responses.
B. nonverbal cues.
C. distractions.
D. listening skills.
No Status
5. To enunciate when speaking to customers means to
A. talk fast.
B. talk slowly.
C. run words together.
D. pronounce words clearly.
No Status
6. Why is it important for business employees to ask relevant questions?
A. To send messages
B. To clarify meanings
C. To offer suggestions
D. To make statements
No Status
7. Which of the following is an example of formal communication in the workplace:
A. Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion.
B. Tessa asks Ken for his opinion about an article that she has written.
C. Phil asks Mark if he has an extra product brochure that he can give to a customer.
D. Susan tells a coworker that she thinks her manager is going to be fired.
No Status
8. Dale is taking notes during a staff meeting. Dale should
A. write his notes in complete sentences.
B. organize his notes in a logical manner.
C. capture every word that is said.
D. avoid abbreviations and symbols.
No Status
9. In which of the following situations would a businessperson write a persuasive inquiry using an indirect format:
A. A letter requesting the date and time of a professional development workshop
B. A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization
C. A memo asking for a detailed sales report for the previous six-month period
D. An e-mail message requesting membership eligibility requirements in an organization
No Status
10. Managers often receive brief summaries of information about the status of activities within their departments in the form of __________ reports.
A. simple progress
B. long research
C. detailed annual
D. short biographical
No Status
11. When analytical reports contain information that readers might disagree with, writers should back their conclusions with
A. personal opinions.
B. technical statistics.
C. logical arguments.
D. enthusiastic statements.
No Status
12. Which of the following is the last component of a research report:
A. Background information
B. Purpose of the study
C. Recommendations
D. Methodology
No Status
13. What can employees do to help provide good service to customers?
A. Offer discounts
B. Lower prices
C. Plan events
D. Resolve problems
No Status
14. What is a factor that affects a business's selection of policies to guide its operations?
A. Personal preferences of management
B. Nature of the business
C. Communication skills of employees
D. Space available to display policies
No Status
15. Which of the following is an appropriate attitude for the salesperson to have toward customers' complaints:
A. Complaints are the business's problem.
B. Complaints should be handled by management.
C. Complaints can often be opportunities.
D. Complaints can usually be prevented.
No Status
16. Into what two categories can wants be divided?
A. Economic and noneconomic
B. Unlimited and economic
C. Unlimited and limited
D. Unlimited and noneconomic
No Status
17. A lumber business cuts boards from tree trunks. This business gives the resource __________ utility.
A. possession
B. time
C. place
D. form
No Status
18. Businesses can show their social responsibility by contributing to
A. pollution.
B. public interests.
C. promotion.
D. private causes.
No Status
19. Which of the following is a function that is an important part of the human resources management activities of business:
A. Selling
B. Pricing
C. Staffing
D. Promoting
No Status
20. Three primary factors that affect the organizational structure of a business include interpersonal relationships, tasks, and
A. initiative.
B. injunction.
C. authority.
D. attrition.
No Status
21. Calculate a business's gross profit based on the following information: $367,500 in income from sales, $105,250 in payroll, $25,700 in rent, and $140,125 in cost of goods.
A. $122,125
B. $227,375
C. $96,425
D. $236,550
No Status
22. Prohibiting the use of asbestos in buildings is an example of government efforts to
A. help the disadvantaged.
B. provide public goods.
C. stabilize the economy.
D. protect public health.
No Status
23. A business manager realizes that the demand for his/her products now exceeds producers' capabilities, and producers have raised their prices to offset the high demand. Under these conditions, what phase of the business cycle should the manager begin to prepare for?
A. Trough
B. Peak
C. Contraction
D. Expansion
No Status
24. Which of the following scenarios represents a cultural difference involving personal space that may make an American businessperson feel uncomfortable:
A. The person is seated in a conference room to discuss a contract with an international client.
B. A foreign business associate stands several feet away when talking to the person.
C. A European client greets the person with a kiss on each cheek.
D. The person is invited to dine in a busy restaurant following the meeting with an international client.
No Status
25. While American businessperson Carolyn Alexander is traveling on business in Dresden, Germany, she plans to meet with a potential client named Rudolph Schmidt, who is a purchasing manager with Rhine Industries and speaks English fluently. How should Carolyn greet the client?
A. How do you do, Schmidt.
B. Good day, Sir Rudolph.
C. It is a pleasure to meet you, Rudolph Schmidt.
D. Hello, Mr. Schmidt.
No Status
26. Because Japanese people value loyalty, compliance, and teamwork in their personal and business relationships, Japan is considered a(n)
A. explicit society.
B. collectivist culture.
C. elitist nation.
D. ceremonial civilization.
No Status
27. Which of the following is a factor related to appearance that foreign businesspeople must consider when doing business in Middle Eastern countries:
A. Most Middle Easterners are Muslim, and pray five times a day.
B. Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public.
C. Crossing one's legs is an offensive gesture to Middle Easterners.
D. It is common for Middle Easterners to communicate slowly with periods of silence.
No Status
28. Hilda Vanderspiel is a German businesswoman who is hosting a dinner for business executives from Delphi, India. When planning the menu for her guests, Hilda should consider their
A. seating preferences.
B. dietary habits.
C. table manners.
D. physical differences.
No Status
29. Jamie and Todd work in a local stationery store. When business is slow, Jamie tends to talk on the phone and stand around, while Todd tends to straighten the shelves and restock items that are needed. Which of the following traits is Todd demonstrating:
A. Receptivity
B. Empathy
C. Loyalty
D. Initiative
No Status
30. Which of the following is an example of unethical work behavior:
A. Texting friends during a work shift
B. Arriving at work 15 minutes early
C. Using supplies to complete work tasks
D. Taking responsibility for mistakes
No Status
31. Tim is the technology manager for the MSJ Company. Tim is responsible for backing up the computer system each evening to make sure that the company has a copy of each day's computer activities and transactions. On Tuesday evening, Tim was running late for a meeting and decided not to conduct the backup activities. Later that night, the computer system crashed and all of Tuesday's computer data was lost. By apologizing to his boss for making a poor decision and offering to work extra hours to help fix the problem, Tim was
A. taking the time to make informed decisions.
B. blaming others for the consequences of his actions.
C. promising not to make any mistakes in the future.
D. accepting the consequences for the decision he made.
No Status
32. To effectively manage various work commitments, employees should
A. schedule enough time to complete activities.
B. first focus on the least important tasks.
C. ask coworkers to complete important activities.
D. reorganize work goals.
No Status
33. To advance in a career in the future, you will probably have a greater need for
A. artistic ability.
B. biological knowledge.
C. mathematics.
D. training.
No Status
34. Employees who send and receive messages through the business's electronic mail system should assume that
A. no one reads their memos.
B. privacy does not exist.
C. privacy is not an issue.
D. monitoring is not allowed.
No Status
35. Assertive people believe that they have the right to ask other people to respond to their
A. whims.
B. directions.
C. needs.
D. orders.
No Status
36. Two people are in a conflict because both of them want to be the group's leader. What is the reason for the conflict?
A. Motivation
B. Resentment
C. Creativity
D. Authority
No Status
37. The XYZ Company has a committee whose members are appointed for three-year terms to review the company's hiring policies. This committee is an example of a(n) __________ committee.
A. multi-functional
B. ad-hoc
C. volunteer
D. standing
No Status
38. Matthias regularly talks to other team leaders in the industry to keep up with current trends that may affect his team vision. Which guideline of sharing a vision does this illustrate?
A. Being flexible
B. Being a good listener
C. Being an example
D. Being enthusiastic
No Status
39. If you like to feel as though you are an important member of the team, you will probably work best under a(n) __________ manager.
A. democratic
B. hands-off
C. laissez-faire
D. authoritarian
No Status
40. Which of the following is the opportunity cost for a person who decides to place $500 in the bank rather than purchase something s/he really wants but does not need:
A. Long-term dissatisfaction
B. Higher discretionary income
C. Lower salary or wages
D. Immediate gratification
No Status
41. A credit plan that requires a signed contract, a down payment, and the balance to be paid over a specific period of time is called __________ credit.
A. regular
B. revolving
C. open
D. installment
No Status
42. Insurance is a key element in lifelong financial planning that
A. guarantees a solid financial future.
B. protects a person from unethical salespeople.
C. provides protection against financial losses.
D. is available only to property owners.
No Status
43. Which of the following is the most effective way to avoid excessive credit-card debt:
A. Pay off your balance each month
B. Pay off low-interest credit cards first
C. Choose a credit card with a high limit
D. Use credit-card cash advances to pay debt
No Status
44. When preparing a personal income tax form, parents report some of their childcare expenses to receive
A. capital gains.
B. tax deductions.
C. dividends.
D. tax rebates.
No Status
45. A business has an inventory valued at $750,000. This amount would appear in the business's balance sheet under
A. income.
B. liabilities.
C. capital gains.
D. current assets.
No Status
46. Which of the following are common security concerns associated with using a computerized accounting system:
A. Viruses and loss of data
B. Fraud and pollution
C. Variances and vested interests
D. Viruses and pollution
No Status
47. Which of the following is an example of current liabilities that a business should include in its balance sheet:
A. Mortgage loans
B. Accounts receivable
C. Owner's equity
D. Employees' salaries
No Status
48. Most businesses provide employee orientation as soon as new employees report for work because
A. employees can't work until they have been oriented.
B. orientation focuses on specific job tasks.
C. employees can learn everything in the beginning.
D. that is when employees are anxious to learn.
No Status
49. Julie just got a promotion and will be transferring to another city, so she plans to spend some time with her replacement, passing on some of her tacit knowledge before she leaves. This is an example of knowledge management being necessary due to
A. turnover.
B. information overload.
C. globalization.
D. innovation.
No Status
50. Shannon has worked at the XBO Company for two years in the production department. During a weekly meeting, the staff was brainstorming ideas to resolve a problem the department has been experiencing on the production line. During the meeting, Shannon told the staff about some changes that her previous company made to its production process, which increased its efficiency and outputs. Shannon's manager liked the idea, and thought that it might work at XBO. This situation illustrates the concept of
A. limited confidentiality.
B. inevitable disclosure.
C. competitive obstruction.
D. trade-character infringement.
No Status
51. One tool that businesses can use to allow employees and customers to share knowledge through their websites is by posting
A. meta tags.
B. message boards.
C. bots.
D. interesting content.
No Status
52. A business might ask its employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to
A. prevent copyright infringement.
B. avoid discrimination lawsuits.
C. ensure its employees' privacy.
D. protect its trade secrets.
No Status
53. If a business lowers the price of a product for the purpose of taking business away from competitors, the result of this action often is a(n)
A. increase in profit.
B. gain in market share.
C. decrease in cost.
D. reduction in staff.
No Status
54. Which of the following is an example of factual information:
A. It seems that we have a problem.
B. I believe that the product is defective.
C. Last quarter, sales increased by 12%.
D. Kerry and Dean are the nicest managers.
No Status
55. Melissa is thinking about setting up her growing business as a corporation. Which of the following online sources is most likely to have relevant information about how to establish a corporation:
A. Nolo Legal Encyclopedia
B. Wall Street Journal
C. MarketWatch
D. Wikipedia
No Status
56. Why is it important for businesses to manage employee information in a way that keeps it secure?
A. To avoid publicity
B. To be secretive
C. To beat the competition
D. To be ethical
No Status
57. Which of the following is a standard capability of spreadsheet software:
A. To manage files
B. To create slides
C. To prepare text
D. To graph data
No Status
58. A primary use of project-management software is to
A. evaluate the quality of deliverables.
B. define the project's purpose.
C. develop project standards.
D. allocate project resources.
No Status
59. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. execute promotions.
B. evaluate ideas.
C. forecast sales.
D. improve service.
No Status
60. Natalie needs to compile a list of her retail business's suppliers, along with the products that the business purchases from each. Which of the following internal records is most likely to contain the information that she needs:
A. Human-resources records
B. Quality records
C. Inventory records
D. Payroll records
No Status
61. What do businesses often analyze when making decisions about how to improve the company?
A. Statistical findings
B. Training methods
C. Information skills
D. Privacy factors
No Status
62. Running out of inventory can result in
A. lost sales.
B. higher taxes.
C. higher productivity.
D. more satisfied customers.
No Status
63. A city in the southwestern region of the country requires community businesses to undergo health and safety inspections to determine if the businesses are complying with
A. consumer-protection laws.
B. free-trade agreements.
C. securities regulations.
D. local ordinances.
No Status
64. Steve recently purchased a used laptop computer for work, but it didn't come with a user's manual. Where is Steve most likely to find a copy of the manual?
A. A used-book store
B. A public library
C. The Internet
D. An office-supply store
No Status
65. Employees who take home pencils, notepaper, and other office supplies for personal use are guilty of
A. robbery.
B. fraud.
C. pilferage.
D. shoplifting.
No Status
66. Because Kendra must finish a task and submit her work to Joshua so he can complete his part of the project by next Thursday, these two team members' jobs are
A. bureaucratic.
B. complex.
C. autonomous.
D. interdependent.
No Status
67. When managing projects, which of the following is an important activity:
A. Obeying orders
B. Changing objectives
C. Following directions
D. Tracking deadlines
No Status
68. Ingrid must analyze various aspects of the completed project by comparing the results with the objectives. What process is Ingrid likely to use to obtain all of the information for analysis?
A. Team review
B. Administrative appraisal
C. Internal audit
D. Productivity evaluation
No Status
69. Reviewing activity-status reports helps a project manager to
A. develop specifications.
B. create barriers.
C. determine project scope.
D. control the project.
No Status
70. What is required to maintain favorable relationships with vendors?
A. Limited communication
B. Ongoing cooperation
C. Occasional interaction
D. Full disclosure
No Status
71. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Special
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Reorder
No Status
72. A business orders 10% more widgets than it needs because the supply of and the demand for widgets have been difficult to forecast in recent months. This is an example of a business ordering __________ inventory.
A. perpetual
B. maintenance
C. buffer
D. customary
No Status
73. What is the key to effective use of concessions during a negotiation with a vendor?
A. Allow minimal room for concessions before negotiations begin.
B. Obtain leverage by refusing to give up anything.
C. Concede on minor points before major points.
D. Portray important concessions as more valuable than they really are.
No Status
74. Why do many businesses follow up after production to ensure that products meet standards set by outside organizations?
A. To estimate future sales
B. To determine raises for production workers
C. To comply with the law
D. To remain competitive
No Status
75. A business that inspects its equipment on a regular basis is practicing
A. vendor analysis.
B. preventive maintenance.
C. form utility.
D. physical inventory.
No Status
76. Luke is reviewing several internal and external reports to compare his company's sales and market share in relation to other companies in the industry. What type of business analysis is Luke conducting?
A. Productivity
B. Promotional
C. Financial
D. Competitive
No Status
77. One of the major reasons that good posture is important is that it can
A. help to prevent medical problems.
B. eliminate clothing alterations.
C. improve your ability to relax.
D. make you look taller than you are.
No Status
78. As Vanessa walked into the library, Jeremy and Sam were just closing a drawer on the librarian's desk. Later, Vanessa described the incident to the librarian and included her own conclusion that the boys had probably stolen something. Vanessa's account is an example of which of the following:
A. Framing
B. Logic
C. Input
D. Style
No Status
79. The Dewberry Company pays both its female employees and its male employees the same salary range for the same type of work. Dewberry is providing its employees with
A. the right to privacy.
B. a safe work environment.
C. fair treatment.
D. the option to buy stock.
No Status
80. What department of a large company should a job seeker contact to find out whether the company has job openings?
A. Credit
B. Payroll
C. Human resources
D. Training and development
No Status
81. Which of the following would be out of place in a follow-up letter after a job interview:
A. A comment about the work of the business
B. A question about salary or benefits
C. A desire to be hired for the job
D. A reference to the applicant's qualifications
No Status
82. A group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems describes a
A. corporation.
B. trade association.
C. trade show.
D. partnership.
No Status
83. Which of the following statements is true regarding the rules of conduct in the workplace:
A. Rules of conduct control the employees' behavior, but they don't affect the company's image.
B. Company rules provide a fair and consistent working environment for some of the employees.
C. Companies have the same rules of conduct, so it isn't necessary to explain them to employees.
D. The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs.
No Status
84. Who is most likely to report directly to a corporation's chief executive officer (CEO)?
A. Board of Directors
B. Regional marketing manager
C. Production coordinator
D. Vice president of finance
No Status
85. The primary purpose of developing organizational goals is to
A. provide direction.
B. ensure profitability.
C. assign authority.
D. establish loyalty.
No Status
86. What is the primary action needed to ensure that employees understand their roles in meeting the business's overall goals?
A. Peer evaluation
B. Brainstorming activities
C. Motivational speeches
D. Ongoing communication
No Status
87. What section of the statement of work (SOW) defines what the project will produce?
A. Schedule estimates
B. Purpose statement
C. Benefits and risks
D. Project deliverables
No Status
88. A project manager who wants a central location that contains relevant information about each component of the work breakdown structure (WBS) should develop a
A. WBS dictionary.
B. WBS thesaurus.
C. training chart.
D. pie chart.
No Status
89. When team members disagree about the best way to complete an activity, the project manager may need to
A. help resolve the conflict.
B. negotiate with external sources.
C. evaluate the reward system.
D. change the project scope.
No Status
90. Determine the type of project-closing report that would most likely contain the following statement: "In review, group members agreed that additional training before the project began and ongoing technical support during the course of the project would have increased overall efficiency."
A. Stakeholder's expense audit
B. Executive summary
C. Termination checklist
D. Lessons learned document
No Status
91. Which of the following is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world:
A. Weather patterns
B. Consumer pressure
C. Outdated technology
D. Currency fluctuations
No Status
92. The Six Sigma framework approaches the quality improvement of existing processes by implementing the DMAIC method, which includes the five steps of defining, measuring, analyzing,
A. influencing, and collaborating.
B. increasing, and counteracting.
C. instigating, and correcting.
D. improving, and controlling.
No Status
93. What step in the continuous improvement process will indicate if quality is increasing?
A. Evaluation
B. Documentation
C. Recommendation
D. Implementation
No Status
94. During a heavy rainstorm, Save-Cents Discount Store suffered severe structural damages and flooding. The store's insurance company refused to pay for the store's damages because of an unclear anticoncurrent clause that was placed in the back of the written insurance policy. The anti-concurrent clause allowed the insurance company to deny the claim because there were two sources of damage for the same loss. This situation presents an ethical issue for the insurance company if the
A. insurance company did not explain all of the policy's exclusions to the store.
B. store's owner failed to pay the insurance premium on time.
C. store purchased the insurance policy only a few weeks before the storm occurred.
D. insurance company refused to pay workers' compensation to the store's employees.
No Status
95. The MIB Company uses protective computer-software programs to minimize losses associated with its customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. purchasing.
B. security.
C. overhead.
D. performance.
No Status
96. Which of the following is a business risk associated with a failure to follow laws:
A. Increased inventory
B. Government fines
C. Decreased quotas
D. Goal achievement
No Status
97. Which of the following are characteristics of tactical planning:
A. Short-range and vague
B. Long-term and vague
C. Short-range and specific
D. Long-term and specific
No Status
98. What function of management involves developing a system for producing work?
A. Arranging
B. Organizing
C. Supervising
D. Controlling
No Status
99. What management function involves identifying qualified candidates to perform the business's work?
A. Leading
B. Staffing
C. Persuading
D. Controlling
No Status
100. The function of managerial control involves comparing what was planned with the
A. primary goals.
B. actual results.
C. operating policies.
D. established strategies.
No Status
Test 1096
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. A business captures its employees' knowledge of certain tasks, processes, and events by developing a chart that outlines the relationships among bits of information. This is an example of a business using a(n) __________ technique to capture and transfer knowledge.
A. diagram
B. authority-based
C. statistical
D. transcription
No Status
2. A business was fined $2 million for dumping toxic waste in the local river. What type of federal environmental law did the company violate?
A. Endangered species
B. Clean air
C. Food quality
D. Clean water
No Status
3. Paul is responding to an inquiry he received in the mail. His response includes some good news and some bad news. How should he structure his response in light of the bad news?
A. Place the good news at the beginning and the bad news in secondary position(s).
B. Place the bad news at the beginning and the good news in the closing paragraph.
C. Place the bad news in the post-script (P.S.) section of the response.
D. Give more space to bad news than good news to emphasize urgency.
No Status
4. What type of communication style is usually most appropriate to use when evaluating employees?
A. Formal
B. Casual
C. Routine
D. Instructional
No Status
5. Because front desk clerks give out information to callers, it is very important for them to have
A. excellent verbal skills.
B. a wide range of experience.
C. a professional appearance.
D. good body-language skills.
No Status
6. Which of the following is a reason why it is important to organize information before preparing a business report:
A. To identify the target audience
B. To understand the purpose of the report
C. To arrange findings in a logical manner
D. To investigate the cause of the problem
No Status
7. When encouraging the reader to take a specific course of action, persuasive messages are most effective when the message source demonstrates a high level of
A. adaptability.
B. inconsistency.
C. credibility.
D. objectivity.
No Status
8. As an employee of the TMX Company, you have been asked to investigate the financial aspects of a proposed merger with LAU International. What type of analytical report are you being asked to develop?
A. Troubleshooting
B. Market analysis
C. Justification
D. Due diligence
No Status
9. The primary purpose of a research report is to
A. establish objectives.
B. organize a problem.
C. support business decisions.
D. summarize gathered information.
No Status
10. Which of the following messages should be communicated to an employee in person:
A. The assistant manager is taking vacation next week.
B. The employee's department will soon be enlarged.
C. The business believes the employee is stealing goods.
D. The business will offer flextime in the summer.
No Status
11. A service-oriented business creates goodwill with its customers by
A. responding to customers' requests with appropriate follow-up procedures.
B. using appropriate up-selling strategies to appeal to customers' needs.
C. anticipating the customers' objections to each of the business's policies.
D. applying passive listening techniques to enhance the level of communication.
No Status
12. Ellen works at a golf course. During the summer, she drives a golf cart around the course, selling cold drinks and snacks to the golfers. It's a beautiful day, and the course is especially crowded. Ellen offers one golfer a cold drink, and she replies, "Well, I guess I'll have time, since the play is so slow. It's not very fun to have to wait so long between holes. Who is running this course? You always set your tee times way too close together!" Ellen's customer is a(n) _________ customer.
A. leave-me-alone
B. suspicious
C. argumentative
D. complaining
No Status
13. The owner of Fast Copy Service purchased a new copy machine for the business. What type of good is the copier?
A. Convenience
B. Shopping
C. Specialty
D. Industrial
No Status
14. Steve manages employees who are highly skilled and need little supervision. Therefore, he can supervise quite a few employees at once. Steve's span of control is
A. wide.
B. open.
C. narrow.
D. tight.
No Status
15. Which of the following is not a basic element found in all economic systems:
A. Medium of exchange
B. Markets
C. Resources
D. Competition
No Status
16. A positive effect that productivity has on a business is helping it to
A. increase the standard of living.
B. determine the health of the nation's economy.
C. increase sales and profits.
D. stop inflation.
No Status
17. One way the federal government tries to restrict the money supply is by
A. adopting a loose monetary policy.
B. decreasing interest rates.
C. decreasing taxes.
D. decreasing government spending.
No Status
18. To avoid the appearance of bribery, businesspeople should understand a culture's protocol regarding
A. ethnocentricity.
B. decision making.
C. risk taking.
D. gift giving.
No Status
19. When attending a business meeting in France, it is important for U.S. businesspeople to
A. arrive unannounced.
B. speak loudly.
C. dress conservatively.
D. bring gifts.
No Status
20. Which of the following is an example of a foreign businessperson making an offensive gesture in England:
A. While discussing sports during a luncheon meeting in Liverpool, England, U.S. businessperson Colt Marconi made the victory sign with the palm of his hand facing him.
B. Canadian Macy Alt knew that John Woodworth, a senior VP of a British corporation, was knighted by the queen, so she greeted him as "Sir John."
C. When socializing with British colleagues after work, a U.S. businessperson started talking about the German acquisition that s/he is coordinating for their company's Boston office.
D. During a business luncheon in an English pub, a Canadian businesswoman ordered a pint of ale to drink before she ordered her food.
No Status
21. Gina Hoskins is a textbook executive with ABC International Publishers and is meeting with several influential instructors in San José, Costa Rica to discuss a potential contract. Gina's colleague told her that titles are very important to Costa Ricans. When Gina is introduced to Alberto Cabrera, a teacher from Costa Rica, how should she greet him?
A. I'm glad to make your acquaintance, Alberto Cabrera.
B. It's a pleasure to meet you, Al.
C. Hello, Professor.
D. Good afternoon, Cabrera.
No Status
22. Carmen Sanchez is a Chilean businessperson who is attending a business meeting with Mr. Takahasi in Nagoya, Japan. She knows that a formal, conservative appearance is very important in Japanese business situations. To make a favorable impression on Mr. Takahasi, Carmen should wear
A. neutral-colored casual slacks, a white, short-sleeve blouse, and slip-on shoes.
B. a dark skirt and jacket, low-heeled shoes, and no jewelry.
C. a colorful, knee-length dress, bold jewelry, and open-toe shoes.
D. a black, sleeveless ball gown and high-heeled black shoes.
No Status
23. Which of the following is a common and acceptable greeting in Middle-Eastern countries:
A. Cheek kiss
B. Head bow
C. Hand wave
D. Handshake
No Status
24. In Indian business culture, it is offensive to point your feet toward another person. This is an example of a cultural difference related to
A. gestures.
B. language.
C. appearance.
D. status.
No Status
25. Cara recently purchased a local coffee shop from Tom. She runs the day-to-day operations of the coffee shop—hiring employees, ordering goods, and determining daily specials. She is happy running the coffee shop as it is and has no plans to expand. What does this situation exemplify?
A. Cara is a wholesaler.
B. Cara is an entrepreneur.
C. Cara is a franchisor.
D. Cara is a small-business owner.
No Status
26. Which of the following accurately reflects the relationship between traditional intelligence and emotional intelligence:
A. Neither traditional nor emotional intelligence promotes a person's career success.
B. Emotional intelligence cannot be increased, but traditional intelligence can be.
C. Emotional intelligence is more difficult to measure accurately than traditional intelligence.
D. A high level of traditional intelligence results in a high level of emotional intelligence.
No Status
27. After Porter realized that he processed an order incorrectly, he waited too long to correct the problem. As a result, an incorrect item was shipped to the customer. Now, the customer will need to ship the item back to the warehouse, and Porter's company will need to pay extra charges to have the product returned. This situation illustrates that
A. customers are likely to be very angry when employees make simple mistakes.
B. employees should tell their supervisors about all problems as soon as they occur.
C. the company has unrealistic expectations about Porter's ability to perform his job.
D. an employee's decisions and actions can negatively impact others.
No Status
28. Which of the following is most likely to lead to lower performance quality in the workplace:
A. Reasonable project deadlines
B. Weekly status meetings
C. Overcommitment
D. Long-term goals
No Status
29. Which of the following ways of maintaining your positive attitude keeps you from taking yourself too seriously:
A. Avoiding criticizing yourself
B. Making sure you take care of your health
C. Maintaining your sense of humor
D. Reading current materials on being positive
No Status
30. Which of the following statements about body language is true:
A. Your body language says as much, or more, than your words do.
B. Your body language is an indication of your education.
C. You should refrain from using body language as much as possible.
D. Your body language has little impact on the people around you.
No Status
31. One way that businesses can be ethical when communicating information to customers is by using
A. everyday slang.
B. complex terminology.
C. accurate language.
D. simple wording.
No Status
32. The main difference between assertive people and aggressive people is that assertive people
A. take advantage of others.
B. try to avoid conflict with others.
C. feel free to make requests of others.
D. respect their own rights and the rights of others.
No Status
33. One way to reduce stress on the job is to
A. take time to complete personal tasks.
B. complete tasks at the last possible moment.
C. take breaks every 30 minutes.
D. plan your work in advance.
No Status
34. Consensus building is a process that often enables a group to
A. define a philosophy.
B. create a stalemate.
C. express an attitude.
D. reach an agreement.
No Status
35. Customers that use revolving credit accounts are required to pay an additional cost on any balance unpaid at the end of each payment period. Which of the following terms refers to this added cost:
A. Annual fee
B. Finance charge
C. Interest rate
D. Installment payment
No Status
36. Which of the following phrases best describes the S in setting SMART goals:
A. Specific details
B. Saving money
C. Sense of teamwork
D. Spending wisely
No Status
37. The wise use of credit involves comparing the various offers of credit to determine the
A. yearly taxes.
B. affiliated banks.
C. total costs.
D. company sponsors.
No Status
38. When shopping for an investment broker, which of the following things should you always do:
A. Read the broker's advertisements.
B. Disclose how much money you have to invest.
C. Choose the same broker as your parents.
D. Run a background check.
No Status
39. Mr. Gates owns two successful businesses and would like to open a third. Which of the following business activities should he consider first:
A. Production
B. Marketing
C. Accounting
D. Management
No Status
40. A business's cash flow statement for one month indicates cash sales of $4,275, credit sales of $2,960, shipping costs of $525, and fixed expenses of $2,380. Calculate the total cash receipts.
A. $4,275
B. $2,960
C. $6,655
D. $7,235
No Status
41. The goals of the finance function are to ensure profitability and to
A. reduce risks.
B. advertise products.
C. manufacture raw materials.
D. give out information.
No Status
42. One way that businesses often use current employees during the process of orienting new employees is as
A. managers.
B. interviewers.
C. trainers.
D. evaluators.
No Status
43. Tacit knowledge is often based on experiences and personal expertise, while explicit knowledge is
A. based on opinions.
B. difficult to articulate and measure.
C. easy to communicate and quantify.
D. based on intuition.
No Status
44. Which of the following is an example of receiving knowledge:
A. Learning a customer's name
B. Learning the model number of a piece of work equipment
C. Learning the dates of an upcoming sale
D. Learning how to make customers feel comfortable
No Status
45. What is a primary reason why employees might withhold their tacit knowledge from coworkers?
A. Negative work culture
B. Unsatisfactory credit rating
C. Uncooperative vendors
D. Slow customer-service levels
No Status
46. Katrina is using a special software program to develop a business chart that shows the employees' expertise and skills and how they access different types of information throughout the organization. What type of software is Katrina using to document the information?
A. Knowledge mapping
B. Intranet
C. Tactical production
D. Accounting
No Status
47. A business can prevent its trade secrets from further disclosure to third parties by asking the court to issue a(n)
A. contract.
B. warrant.
C. appeal.
D. injunction.
No Status
48. The relationship between a creditor and a debtor is usually based on the debtor's
A. ability to pay.
B. billing schedule.
C. type of account.
D. pricing method.
No Status
49. Martin is an American, but he also identifies himself as Hispanic. Martin belongs to an American
A. family.
B. social group.
C. subculture.
D. reference group.
No Status
50. Who is responsible for information management?
A. Everyone in the organization
B. The information management department
C. An information technology manager
D. The chief executive officer
No Status
51. One reason why businesses develop and use information systems is to help with the
A. decision-making process.
B. public-relations effort.
C. internal communication plan.
D. new recruitment system.
No Status
52. Which of the following is a way that businesses often use database software programs:
A. To diagram work schedules
B. To calculate weekly payroll
C. To organize vendor information
D. To prepare promotional material
No Status
53. What procedure should always be performed before posting a web page on a web server?
A. Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions
B. Consult an attorney to verify the accuracy of the web page legal content
C. Review the page to make sure the content meets international trade requirements
D. Apply for a patent to protect the web page contents from plagiarism
No Status
54. If Allison wants to use a project-management software program that combines database, spreadsheet, graphics, and word-processing functions, she should purchase a(n) __________ software package.
A. presentation
B. stand-alone
C. integrated
D. abstract
No Status
55. When an existing customer's contact information changes, what should a company do?
A. Add the customer's record in the employee directory
B. Create a new record that contains the customer's changes
C. Update the customer's record in the company database
D. Enter the customer's contact information in a new database
No Status
56. Maxton Mart is being pressured by its vendors to pay for inventory it purchased more than 30 days ago. However, Maxton Mart has not received its accounts receivable from customers. What business record has Maxton Mart failed to monitor successfully?
A. Open to buy
B. Income statement
C. Balance sheet
D. Cash flow
No Status
57. A corporation is building a facility in the city's business district. The city requires that the facility meet certain size, style, structural, and usage requirements. These requirements are outlined in the town's
A. zoning ordinances.
B. health regulations.
C. partnership agreement.
D. tax code.
No Status
58. Which of the following is a true statement about accident prevention:
A. Motor vehicles are rarely a factor in work-related accidents.
B. Employees can reduce their risk for accidents by practicing good health habits.
C. Heavy loads should be lifted by using muscles in the upper arms and back.
D. It is easier to prevent unsafe acts than unsafe conditions.
No Status
59. When prioritizing work, employees should place the most importance on work that involves
A. routine activities.
B. tight deadlines.
C. interactive tasks.
D. interpersonal communication.
No Status
60. Which of the following work tasks must always be completed in designated sequential order:
A. Heather checks email, Paul orders supplies, and Leah develops a stock list.
B. Jack pulls stock, Mary packs the box, and Tim places the order on the truck.
C. Calvin conducts the research, Eva files the report, and Ben reads the instructions.
D. Eve calls on customers, Ted writes the order, and Lily prepares the presentation.
No Status
61. During which stage of the project is it usually best to identify necessary resources?
A. Charting
B. Planning
C. Analyzing
D. Closing
No Status
62. When a project manager discovers an inefficient process while team members are executing a project activity, s/he should
A. hire a consultant to resolve the problem.
B. make the necessary changes to get the project back on track.
C. organize a committee to evaluate the project's status.
D. monitor the team members to encourage teamwork.
No Status
63. Which of the following is an important question that a business should ask when selecting a vendor:
A. What are our business's strengths and weaknesses?
B. What computer program does the vendor use for its project management processes?
C. What is our business's target market?
D. Does the vendor have the resources to consistently meet our business's needs?
No Status
64. What is an advantage to a company of building long-term relationships with a few vendors?
A. Fewer supply interruptions
B. Wider product selection
C. Easier to manage
D. Less information sharing
No Status
65. Which of the following is an example of a buyer placing an advance order:
A. In January, Lindsey ordered outdoor seasonal goods from a vendor without providing specific styles, sizes, or colors.
B. On Tuesday, Katherine placed an order for 22 cases of paper towels to replenish depleted stock.
C. Fred ordered a 2' X 4' sign imprinted with the company's logo, which he wants to pick up on Monday.
D. Alan placed a large order on March 10 for a new video game that is to be released on June 1.
No Status
66. The PVX automotive manufacturer keeps office supplies such as copy paper, pens, and notepads on hand at all times. These office supplies are part of the manufacturer's inventory of
A. raw materials.
B. MRO goods.
C. work-in-process.
D. finished products.
No Status
67. When negotiating terms with a vendor, a business states that it wants all orders shipped within 24 hours of order placement. What negotiating tactic is the business using?
A. Deadline driven
B. Limited authority
C. Bargaining
D. Silence
No Status
68. Businesses develop a quality culture by a combination of continuous improvement and
A. teamwork.
B. goodwill.
C. research.
D. security.
No Status
69. Variable expenses increase in direct proportion to the increased rate of
A. automation.
B. competition.
C. production.
D. motivation.
No Status
70. Which of the following would be a benefit to the customer of a well-maintained business:
A. More customers can shop.
B. Making purchases is easier.
C. Sales may increase.
D. In-store security is better.
No Status
71. When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A. influencing others' opinions.
B. informing customers.
C. submitting evidence.
D. comparing data.
No Status
72. Which of the following is an example of an employee analyzing human-resources information:
A. Polly reviews several companies' pay scales to determine if the pay range for the firm's marketing director is appropriate.
B. Pedro uses a complex software program to calculate the various break-even points for a new product.
C. Stewart gathers quotes from a variety of vendors to determine which vendor provides the best quantity discount for parts.
D. Sally evaluates the responses to a survey that the business distributed online to customers who spent over $5,000 with the firm last year.
No Status
73. Sylvia frequently reads the school announcements to help her understand what activities are going on during the week. She has just moved into the area over the summer and has had some difficulty meeting new people in school. She picks one activity to attend weekly so that she will have an opportunity to meet other students outside of the classroom environment. Sylvia is demonstrating the ability to
A. attain her long-term goals.
B. set and attain a social goal.
C. turn her goals into wants.
D. set and attain an educational goal.
No Status
74. William was having a hard time coming up with ideas to solve a problem that he was having at work. He decided to write down some things that he could do to make the problem worse. He then reviewed each negative statement and thought of ways to improve the situation. What problem-solving technique was William using?
A. Reverse brainstorming
B. Mind mapping
C. Appreciative inquiry
D. Attribute listing
No Status
75. Young people often locate their first jobs in the community by responding to businesses that have
A. hired employment agencies.
B. posted help-wanted signs.
C. advertised in trade journals.
D. conducted professional searches.
No Status
76. Which of the following should an applicant stress when writing a letter of application:
A. References
B. Personal information
C. Qualifications
D. Salary expectations
No Status
77. One reason why it is often important for employees to improve their leadership skills if they want to move up the career ladder is because higher-level positions often require employees to
A. travel internationally.
B. supervise others.
C. identify customers.
D. gather information.
No Status
78. If an employee continuously fails to follow the firm's rules of conduct, the firm is likely to
A. develop quotas.
B. promote the employee.
C. change its policies.
D. take disciplinary action.
No Status
79. What aspect of their employers' codes of conduct are employees violating when they regularly come into work late or leave early?
A. Appearance
B. Attendance
C. Harassment
D. Safety
No Status
80. Which of the following is the proper sequence for the chain of command:
A. Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist
B. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist
C. Accounts Payable Specialist, Accounting Department Manager, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
D. Accounting Department Manager, Accounts Payable Specialist, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
No Status
81. Braun Snack Food Company set a goal to produce 65,000 16-ounce bags of tortilla chips per month. What type of organizational goal has Braun established?
A. Abstract
B. Sales
C. Profit
D. Output
No Status
82. Amy and Tom work in a busy purchasing department. Amy relies on Tom to provide her with important information every day to do her job. Because the business's ability to achieve its goals relies on Amy and Tom's collaborative efforts, these two employees' jobs are
A. flexible.
B. incongruent.
C. symmetrical.
D. interdependent.
No Status
83. Which of the following is a true statement about a project charter:
A. It assesses the actual outcomes of the project.
B. It serves as authorization to start the project.
C. It describes in detail the tasks to complete the project.
D. It can be modified by the project team members.
No Status
84. Which of the following is the sequential order of a project's work breakdown structure:
A. Subtask, task, and work assignment
B. Work assignment, task, and subtask
C. Task, subtask, and work assignment
D. Work assignment, subtask, and task
No Status
85. What should project managers do to ensure that team members will perform their designated tasks efficiently?
A. Ask team members if they like their assignments
B. Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them
C. Correct the team members' mistakes for them
D. Provide a team evaluation form
No Status
86. Before closing a project, the project manager, team, and stakeholders must agree that the
A. objectives have been achieved.
B. resources have been used efficiently.
C. project has stayed within budget.
D. members are ready to resume their regular duties.
No Status
87. Which of the following is an activity associated with the closing phase of a project:
A. Developing a production schedule for team members
B. Obtaining funds, equipment, and supplies for the project
C. Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes
D. Determining the appropriate computer technology needs
No Status
88. Making changes in the organization as a means of maintaining quality is an example of
A. quality improvement.
B. quality control.
C. quality assurance.
D. quality command.
No Status
89. Six Sigma focuses on managing quality throughout the organization by focusing on
A. customization and innovation.
B. creativity and innovation.
C. discipline and measurement.
D. accountability and creativity.
No Status
90. To continuously improve their quality processes, businesses need to
A. implement flexible policies.
B. establish benchmarks.
C. promote change.
D. solicit customers.
No Status
91. Is it ethical for an employee to bypass internal business policies and sell expensive products to individuals or businesses without verifying their credit histories?
A. Yes, the employee is actually helping the business meet its financial goals more quickly by skipping an unnecessary step.
B. No, most companies provide employees with a great deal of flexibility in terms of following internal business policies.
C. No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management.
D. Yes, various government regulations state that businesses must offer credit to all individuals and businesses.
No Status
92. Which of the following is a form of technology used to manage business risk in relation to online security:
A. Meta tags
B. Frames
C. Firewalls
D. Site maps
No Status
93. Which of the following statements is true regarding risk retention groups:
A. Risk retention groups tend to pay higher licensing fees than traditional insurance companies.
B. A risk retention group may insure companies from many different industries.
C. Group members control risk by retaining equity and transferring liability to external sources.
D. The insurance policy holders are also the company's stockholders.
No Status
94. Which of the following is an element of the planning function of management:
A. Monitoring work
B. Setting goals
C. Training employees
D. Assessing performance
No Status
95. An important aspect of the organizing function of management involves
A. establishing levels of authority.
B. conducting performance reviews.
C. promoting employees.
D. motivating team members.
No Status
96. Which of the following is a primary staffing consideration when a manager decides to hire a new employee:
A. Reimbursement procedures
B. Investment goals
C. Communication methods
D. Necessary skills
No Status
97. Which of the following is an example of an activity associated with the directing function of management:
A. Carmen recommends changes to increase outputs on the production line.
B. Pedro interviews several applicants for an open position in the finance department.
C. A manager coordinates the tasks of a cross-functional work team.
D. A manager disciplines an employee for inappropriate behavior in the workplace.
No Status
98. Why is directing an important management function in business?
A. It is responsible for developing positive relationships among coworkers.
B. It helps the business set organizational goals.
C. It helps clarify the employee's role in the business.
D. It is responsible for creating the business's vision and purpose.
No Status
99. Why is it important for managers to develop standards to measure the productivity of specific business activities?
A. To maintain appropriate control
B. To minimize the cost of goods sold
C. To gather information for planning
D. To direct the operation of the business
No Status
100. So that a business can identify and correct problems, it is important to track the performance of its
A. tax return.
B. business plan.
C. annual report.
D. corporate charter.
No Status
Test 1124
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. As the principal in an agency business relationship, Lynn tells Bob to take specific action on her behalf under certain circumstances. What type of authority has Lynn given Bob?
A. Temporary
B. Provisional
C. Express
D. Unlimited
No Status
2. What effect do some environmental laws have on businesses?
A. Require more employees
B. Increase operating costs
C. Control exterior landscapes
D. Limit equipment purchases
No Status
3. A group of individuals organized by a charter and permitted to form a business that functions as a legal entity is known as a
A. licensing arrangement.
B. partnership.
C. corporation.
D. sole proprietorship.
No Status
4. Which of the following is a reason that someone might want to settle a legal case:
A. To avoid a judge's approval
B. To avoid a costly trial
C. To damage someone's reputation
D. To have a lengthy trial
No Status
5. Which of the following words most accurately describes arbitration:
A. Temporary
B. Nonconsensual
C. Biased
D. Confidential
No Status
6. Jake is researching career trends in the field of accounting. Which of the following sources is most likely to contain the most current, credible information:
A. The federal government's labor and workforce website
B. An early edition of the Managerial Accounting in Practice textbook
C. An online newspaper article written by a well-known compliance expert
D. The latest edition of the Insurance News Monthly trade publication
No Status
7. If a message recipient is frowning and has clenched fists, the emotional response that s/he is most likely displaying is
A. nervousness.
B. sadness.
C. joy.
D. anger.
No Status
8. In which of the following situations might it be difficult to give effective verbal directions:
A. Employees are focused.
B. Time is important.
C. Managers are organized.
D. Information is complex.
No Status
9. One way to effectively prepare for an oral presentation is to
A. articulate.
B. communicate.
C. perform.
D. practice. ®
No Status
10. An accounts-receivable employee monitors delinquent accounts by placing them into three folders—30 days past due, 60 days past due, and 90 days past due. How has the employee organized the information?
A. Location
B. Invoice number
C. Time
D. Name
No Status
11. Which of the following statements has been edited properly:
A. Frank, Gus, and Bob is taking a client out to lunch.
B. Roger's weekly sales-volume quota are $8,500.
C. Carole is developing a prodect analysis sheet.
D. Primary sources may be difficult to find.
No Status
12. Which of the following information should be included in the inside address section of a business letter:
A. Message
B. Subject
C. Date
D. Title
No Status
13. Jessica must develop an analytical report that assesses the product opportunities for 18- to 34-year-old sports enthusiasts in the greater Seattle area. What type of analytical report is Jessica writing?
A. Market analysis
B. Troubleshooting
C. Justification
D. Feasibility
No Status
14. An important factor in building positive customer relations is to give customers
A. benefits based on who they are.
B. the promise of satisfaction.
C. fair and equal treatment.
D. a business-oriented approach.
No Status
15. "I'd like to have that in writing before I give you my money," best describes the __________ customer.
A. slow/methodical
B. dishonest
C. disagreeable
D. suspicious
No Status
16. Customer complaints and returns can increase the business's costs by
A. increasing interest payments.
B. increasing list prices.
C. decreasing trade discounts.
D. decreasing functional discounts.
No Status
17. Which of the following is a natural resource that can be renewed through people's efforts:
A. Crude oil
B. Trees
C. Water
D. Mineral deposits
No Status
18. Dealing with shortages of resources is included in the study of
A. private enterprise.
B. marketing.
C. sociology.
D. economics.
No Status
19. Why do many socially responsible businesses offer their employees benefits such as counseling, retirement planning, and additional training?
A. To increase employee satisfaction
B. To comply with government regulations
C. To promote community involvement
D. To improve personal relationships
No Status
20. When businesses make decisions that are honest and fair, they are being
A. patient.
B. accommodating.
C. ethical.
D. generous.
No Status
21. Which of the following is a limit to economic freedom in a private enterprise system:
A. Personal choices
B. Private property
C. Profit motive
D. Pricing systems
No Status
22. Which of the following is one type of information needed to compute the gross profit of a business:
A. Income from sales
B. Net profit
C. Market share
D. Operating expenses
No Status
23. Businesses' profits are at a 30-year low, but consumer savings are at an all-time high. For more than a year, unemployment has also been at record levels. What is the state of the economy?
A. Depression
B. Expansion
C. Recession
D. Recovery
No Status
24. A country that can produce a good or service at a lower cost than another country has
A. comparative advantage.
B. domestic needs.
C. absolute advantage.
D. international interdependence.
No Status
25. When Claire tells her supervisor that she made a mistake on the report that she recently submitted, she is demonstrating
A. adaptability.
B. enthusiasm.
C. self-control.
D. honesty.
No Status
26. Which of the following is a guideline that an employee should follow when responding to criticism:
A. Admit the mistake.
B. Look embarrassed.
C. Become defensive.
D. Ignore the criticism.
No Status
27. People need to learn how to adjust to change because
A. it is the only constant in life.
B. we should help others to change.
C. we benefit from making changes.
D. it helps us to influence others.
No Status
28. One way in which you can show empathy is by
A. listening carefully.
B. offering critical advice.
C. limiting contacts.
D. asking few questions.
No Status
29. People may think you're dishonest, nervous, embarrassed, or bored if you
A. talk a lot.
B. don't make eye contact.
C. use concise communication.
D. don't use body language.
No Status
30. What is the first thing you need to do when you want to persuade others to take a certain course of action?
A. State your case
B. Understand your audience
C. Express a need or want
D. Communicate clearly
No Status
31. The XYZ Company has a committee whose members are appointed for three-year terms to review the company's hiring policies. This committee is an example of a(n) __________ committee.
A. multi-functional
B. ad-hoc
C. volunteer
D. standing
No Status
32. A realistic vision involves attaining __________ results.
A. permanent
B. complex
C. noble
D. conditional
No Status
33. If you like rules, directions, and close supervision, you would probably work best with which of the following types of managers:
A. Democratic
B. Authoritarian
C. Laissez-faire
D. Interdependent
No Status
34. What is one reason why many people decide to become entrepreneurs?
A. Less responsibility
B. Long hours
C. Less risk
D. Flexibility
No Status
35. Which of the following exemplifies the time value of money:
A. Matthew decided to purchase a smartphone from TeleTech.com for $199.00.
B. Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest.
C. Sophie estimated that she uses 78% of her income to pay her bills.
D. Harrison paid the government $1,508 in property taxes last year.
No Status
36. Using a credit card is
A. like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month.
B. a good way to pay for impulsive purchases.
C. an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period.
D. a privilege reserved for working adults.
No Status
37. Althea just received her first paycheck at work. She's excited, but as she looks at her pay stub she gets confused. She wants to know how much money she made in this pay period, but there are so many different numbers. If Althea wants to know how much money will actually be deposited in her bank account, she should look at the
A. state tax.
B. gross pay.
C. federal income tax.
D. net pay.
No Status
38. Which of the following is a user-owned, nonprofit, cooperative financial institution:
A. Credit union
B. Commercial bank
C. Insurance company
D. Savings and loan association
No Status
39. What components must "balance" in a balance sheet?
A. Income plus expenses should equal owner's equity.
B. Assets minus liabilities should equal owner's equity.
C. Assets plus liabilities should equal net profit.
D. Income minus expenses should equal owners' equity.
No Status
40. Why is it important for a business to clearly communicate its budget to employees?
A. Because employees need to know when they need to adjust the budget
B. So employees know when they should work overtime
C. Because the business is legally required to disclose financial information
D. So employees are aware of their effect on the business's profits
No Status
41. A company's cash flow is $1,680,500, its current stock price is $45.50, and there are 570,000 shares outstanding. What is the company's price-to-cash-flow ratio?
A. 43.21
B. 29.48
C. 36.93
D. 15.42
No Status
42. Orientation of a company's new employees usually takes place
A. at management's convenience.
B. monthly during the first year.
C. the first day on the job.
D. at the employee's convenience.
No Status
43. Which of the following is a reason that organizations undertake knowledge management:
A. They want to ensure that organizational knowledge isn't wasted.
B. They know that new knowledge is only created outside the organization.
C. They don't value an organizational culture of learning.
D. They must follow the laws and regulations of their industries.
No Status
44. To have effective knowledge-management processes, businesses need their employees to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. transparent
B. cautious
C. argumentative
D. curious
No Status
45. One tool that businesses can use to allow employees and customers to share knowledge through their websites is by posting
A. meta tags.
B. message boards.
C. bots.
D. interesting content.
No Status
46. Jack is a computer programmer who is struggling to fix a glitch with his company's new computer network. During a get-together with some friends who also work in technology, Jack brings up his dilemma. His friend Janelle suggests a process that helped her solve a similar problem that she experienced a few weeks ago. Two other friends, Tim and Susan, provide some suggestions as well. In this situation, Jack and his friends are transferring knowledge by
A. participating in a community of practice.
B. applying Groupthink strategies.
C. forming a strategic alliance.
D. conducting a formal interview.
No Status
47. What do business employees often do to motivate customers to make the decision to buy?
A. Explain the advantages
B. Listen to questions
C. Dismiss any objections
D. Offer many substitutes
No Status
48. Before businesses can effectively use relevant data, they need to determine the type of
A. report that is required.
B. computer system to purchase.
C. information that is needed.
D. collection process to develop.
No Status
49. Which of the following is an example of a business managing its information in an ethical manner:
A. The TKN Corporation sells its customer mailing list to third parties without consent.
B. The XPB Company takes precautions to maintain the privacy of its clients' information.
C. OWC Manufacturing distributes an employee's performance review to his/her coworkers.
D. GVZ and Associates deliberately prepares its annual report to confuse readers.
No Status
50. Which of the following is a negative effect that technology has on business:
A. Businesses often cut employee-assistance programs.
B. Less emphasis is placed on research and development.
C. It's more difficult to enter new and foreign markets.
D. Some technologies can create pollution.
No Status
51. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are examples of computer
A. servers.
B. hardware.
C. dashboards.
D. standards.
No Status
52. The ability to quickly and accurately calculate mathematical data is one of the characteristics of a __________ software program.
A. graphics
B. database
C. spreadsheet
D. word-processing
No Status
53. A limitation to the use of project-management software is that it lacks the ability to
A. track changes.
B. calculate data.
C. make decisions.
D. flag information.
No Status
54. Daniela is in charge of moving company data into a new software system. Which of the following is a step she should take:
A. Avoid telling employees about the change until it is completed.
B. Make sure all the data are saved in a backup location.
C. Delete the old software system before installing the new one.
D. Schedule the change to occur during a project deadline.
No Status
55. Company B's management has determined that it must downsize. Three persons in the customer service department will lose their jobs. Which of the following records can management use to help them determine which employees to keep:
A. Inventory records
B. Production records
C. R&D records
D. Human resources records
No Status
56. Statistical findings reveal that the Benson Company earned a 35% net profit on the funds it spent on a project. The statistics provided the Benson Company with information about the business's
A. return on investment.
B. retention rate.
C. sales strategies.
D. sales commission rate.
No Status
57. Which of the following is an example of an ethical issue related to the business's operations function:
A. A salesperson gives a customer a price break on an obsolete item.
B. An assistant buyer accepts a gift from a potential vendor.
C. A manager obtains shipping information from several transportation companies.
D. An assistant supervisor changes the weekly production schedule.
No Status
58. The local government fined Lenny's Grille because there were 75 more patrons in the facility at one time than legally permitted. In this situation, the business violated a
A. maximum capacity code.
B. federal property law.
C. traffic ordinance.
D. construction permit.
No Status
59. Businesses should help employees to prevent accidents and injuries by providing
A. a comfortable lounge area.
B. a safe work environment.
C. attractive furnishings.
D. a convenient lunch room.
No Status
60. Why might a business obtain a trademark for its intellectual property?
A. To stop the unauthorized use of the business's inventions
B. To prevent the publication of the business's written work
C. To keep competitors from using the business's manufacturing processes
D. To protect the integrity of the business's logo
No Status
61. Luke is a purchasing department employee who must complete his inventory report by 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday. He must also collect bids and place orders for staple items by Wednesday at noon. Because Luke knows that it will take a while to obtain the bids, he decides to start contacting vendors before he begins working on his inventory report. Luke is __________ his workload.
A. prioritizing
B. delegating
C. communicating
D. simplifying
No Status
62. Sally, Joe, Tim, and Jane are team members who perform different tasks by themselves at the same time to create a single output. The method of work coordination that the team members are using is __________ task interdependence.
A. reciprocal
B. sequential
C. pooled
D. reversed
No Status
63. In relation to unexpected events, which of the following is a true statement about project planning:
A. Plans should be made right before the project starts.
B. Plans should change if necessary.
C. Plans should always stay the same.
D. Plans should be monitored.
No Status
64. Why might a business decide to purchase goods for a price higher than the lowest possible price?
A. To arrange flexible contracts
B. To spend additional funds
C. To satisfy a favorite vendor
D. To obtain a needed delivery date
No Status
65. Maurice, who is the head of the purchasing department at his company, needs to eliminate one of his vendors. Which vendor should Maurice stop working with?
A. A vendor that had a late shipment one time after they installed new equipment
B. A vendor with prices that are consistently higher than the competition's bids
C. A vendor that lets Maurice tour its plant and even view its financial statements
D. A vendor that has been in business with the same president for many years
No Status
66. To maintain favorable relationships with vendors, a business must
A. use aggressive negotiation tactics.
B. have a cooperative orientation.
C. implement return policies.
D. develop a decentralized buying structure.
No Status
67. Cassandra is a buyer for a department store chain. On Tuesday, she placed a seasonal order with an apparel vendor without providing specific models, sizes, colors, or ship dates. What type of order did Cassandra place?
A. Standing
B. Special
C. Blanket
D. Rush
No Status
68. Which of the following items would a clothing manufacturer classify as raw materials inventory:
A. Buttons, cloth, and thread
B. Zippers, sewing machines, and cloth
C. Thread, zippers, and sewing machines
D. Cloth, zippers, and shirts
No Status
69. The Simpson Company is negotiating discount terms with Cornwell Manufacturing, a prospective vendor. During the negotiation, Cornwell states that it is willing to offer Simpson a six-percent discount on orders over $50,000. Although Simpson would rather have an eight-percent discount, it agrees to the terms, hoping to obtain something it wants later in the negotiation. This is an example of a
A. position.
B. withdrawal.
C. plea.
D. concession.
No Status
70. Why is it important for businesses to have efficient production?
A. To buy resources
B. To remain flexible
C. To pay employees
D. To be competitive
No Status
71. Which of the following situations would supply chain managers encounter during the final stage of supply chain management:
A. A customer returns a defective product.
B. The company finds reliable suppliers.
C. The business plans to deliver goods to customers.
D. Managers develop a supply chain strategy.
No Status
72. Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A. finance.
B. distribution.
C. production.
D. human resources.
No Status
73. A business process change would likely be required if a company
A. has a profitable quarter.
B. goes out of business.
C. plans a meeting for Friday.
D. merges with another company.
No Status
74. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. technology
B. globalization
C. an economic downturn
D. production changes
No Status
75. One possible downside to choosing overseas suppliers is
A. increased taxes.
B. increased costs.
C. a simpler supply chain.
D. increased delivery times.
No Status
76. Which of the following statements about protecting digital customer data is true:
A. A company's protection of data has little impact on the customer's perception.
B. Protecting digital customer data is a responsibility of the IT department.
C. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often.
D. Protecting digital customer data is only necessary for large businesses.
No Status
77. A company with a small budget has lots of sensitive customer data on file. If it wants to keep this information safe, what should it do?
A. Hire a team of cybersecurity experts
B. Focus on prevention by training all employees to protect data
C. Save money by only teaching one department to protect data
D. Wait until a breach occurs to develop a protection plan
No Status
78. Orderly and systematic behavior is usually logical and directed toward certain
A. barriers.
B. goals.
C. rules.
D. people.
No Status
79. In order to set your personal goals, you must have a clear understanding of
A. social responsibility.
B. human relations.
C. technology.
D. yourself.
No Status
80. Before you analyze the available information to solve a problem, it is important to
A. identify and check your assumptions.
B. brainstorm possible solutions.
C. determine the best solution from several alternatives.
D. ask for input from your peers.
No Status
81. Which of the following is a source of career information that is easy to contact:
A. Government agencies
B. Employers
C. Research institutions
D. Relatives
No Status
82. A person who assumes the responsibility and risk of establishing a business is a(n)
A. clerk.
B. customer.
C. buyer.
D. entrepreneur.
No Status
83. Functional specialist, data scientist, and business process manager are __________ positions.
A. human resources management
B. office management
C. general management
D. business analytics
No Status
84. Many employment applications ask individuals the reason that they left their previous jobs. Which of the following is an acceptable response:
A. Disliked the manager
B. Structured environment
C. Terminated for cause
D. Seasonal position only
No Status
85. Which characteristic of a SMART objective does the following statement exemplify: Phase one of the project will be completed on May 10, 2016?
A. Structured
B. Realistic
C. Motivational
D. Time-bound
No Status
86. A project manager who wants a central location that contains relevant information about each component of the work breakdown structure (WBS) should develop a
A. WBS thesaurus.
B. WBS dictionary.
C. training chart.
D. pie chart.
No Status
87. What should project managers do to ensure that team members will perform their designated tasks efficiently?
A. Provide a team evaluation form
B. Ask team members if they like their assignments
C. Correct the team members' mistakes for them
D. Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them
No Status
88. Which of the following is an activity associated with the closing phase of a project:
A. Obtaining funds, equipment, and supplies for the project
B. Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes
C. Developing a production schedule for team members
D. Determining the appropriate computer technology needs
No Status
89. Which of the following is a true statement regarding quality management and the environment:
A. Environmental issues have little to no impact on quality management.
B. Organizations should regard environmental issues above customer satisfaction.
C. Quality-management plans should create environmentally sustainable processes and products.
D. Creating quality products is usually harmful to the environment.
No Status
90. The Six Sigma framework approaches the quality improvement of existing processes by implementing the DMAIC method, which includes the five steps of defining, measuring, analyzing,
A. increasing, and counteracting.
B. improving, and controlling.
C. instigating, and correcting.
D. influencing, and collaborating.
No Status
91. Madelyn is responsible for selecting Elite Manufacturing Company's new payroll-processing vendor. Madelyn has narrowed down her selection to three vendors and is favoring Pay Day Enterprises, the small company where her brother works. The primary concern with Pay Day is that it has never handled payroll for a company as large as Elite, which presents a business risk to the manufacturing company. This situation illustrates an ethical issue related to
A. the company's structure.
B. financial reporting methodology.
C. levels of service.
D. a conflict of interest.
No Status
92. Many computer software programs help businesses determine their levels of business risk, which is helpful when they develop
A. content theories.
B. contingency plans.
C. endorsement records.
D. monetary regulations.
No Status
93. Which of the following is the type of action that a business is taking when it continuously monitors the laws that affect its operations for the purpose of minimizing risk:
A. Preventative
B. Corrective
C. Reactive
D. Remedial
No Status
94. Which of the following statements is true about strategic planning:
A. It involves planning for the next three to five years.
B. It involves short-term planning for the next six months.
C. It is a supervisory technique for improving employee performance.
D. It is used primarily by departments that do not meet company goals.
No Status
95. What is the primary purpose of managerial planning?
A. To evaluate forecasts
B. To implement activities
C. To prepare for the future
D. To change processes
No Status
96. What management function is responsible for coordinating resources in ways that maximize efficiency?
A. Organizing
B. Staffing
C. Directing
D. Controlling
No Status
97. Which of the following is a primary staffing consideration when a manager decides to hire a new employee:
A. Communication methods
B. Investment goals
C. Necessary skills
D. Reimbursement procedures
No Status
98. One activity associated with the directing function of management is
A. determining tasks.
B. establishing goals.
C. instructing employees.
D. interviewing applicants.
No Status
99. As a manager, Pablo is taking steps to correct a problem that is affecting the business's productivity. Which of the following types of control is Pablo using:
A. Preliminary
B. Rework
C. Contingency
D. Functional
No Status
100. For successful innovation in the workplace, employees should have a desire to learn and be willing to
A. suppress ideas.
B. follow procedures.
C. exhibit bias.
D. accept change.
No Status
Test 1133
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Which of the following are examples of intellectual property that a business can protect by registering trademarks:
A. Original novels and movies
B. Distinctive names and symbols
C. New products and processes
D. Creative formulas and ideas
No Status
2. Which of the following is a characteristic of debtor-creditor relationships:
A. Designed to monitor accounts
B. Controlled by industry standards
C. Intended to increase competition
D. Regulated by various laws
No Status
3. Jon sues his former employer for harassment. In what situation would the employer be likely to offer Jon a settlement?
A. The employer does not think it will be able to win the case.
B. The employer knows it will be able to win the case.
C. The employer wants the case to go to court.
D. Jon does not think he will be able to win the case.
No Status
4. What is the first step of the litigation process?
A. The defendant files a complaint.
B. The plaintiff files a complaint.
C. The defendant answers a complaint.
D. The plaintiff answers a complaint.
No Status
5. Which of the following is true of arbitration:
A. It usually has a win-win outcome.
B. It is an adversarial process.
C. It is a cooperative process.
D. It is more expensive than litigation.
No Status
6. The following statement appears in the Conrad and Associates employee handbook: "After three years of service, employees receive three weeks of paid vacation." This statement is an example of a business
A. policy.
B. procedure.
C. process.
D. program.
No Status
7. Which of the following are elements that appear in the heading of a memorandum:
A. To, from, date, and subject
B. To, title, from, and date
C. Date, title, to, and company
D. Company, to, subject, and date
No Status
8. Letters of inquiry should be as __________ as possible.
A. vague
B. specific
C. verbose
D. demanding
No Status
9. You're writing a persuasive letter that you hope will convince people to buy your product. You should be sure your letter
A. uses general words and passive voice.
B. is as subjective as possible.
C. identifies your central selling point.
D. uses exaggeration to grab attention.
No Status
10. A characteristic of simple memorandums written by business employees is that they usually are intended to be read by a(n)
A. board of directors.
B. internal audience.
C. planning committee.
D. group of suppliers.
No Status
11. Jacob is determining the writing style to use for an analytical report If most readers are likely to support the report's content, Jacob should format the report for a(n) __________ audience.
A. receptive
B. indecisive
C. argumentative
D. intellectual
No Status
12. "With fewer staff members available to conduct extensive testing, Calhoun Software has experienced several productMrelease failures last year that resulted in costly product returns." This is an example of a research report
A. problem statement.
B. executive summary.
C. recommendation.
D. pronouncement of intent.
No Status
13. It is appropriate for a participant to ask questions during a staff meeting when
A. the agenda is being distributed.
B. another participant is speaking.
C. s/he needs a point clarified.
D. s/he does not agree with the speaker.
No Status
14. Customers have the right to expect employees to be
A. goal-oriented.
B. well-informed.
C. self-serving.
D. open-minded.
No Status
15. Which of the following employees should be made aware of customers' complaints about specific products in order to prevent future complaints:
A. Cashiers
B. Security officers
C. Retail buyers
D. Receiving clerks
No Status
16. One of the objectives of economics is deciding how to
A. limit the supply of goods and services.
B. get the most with the least.
C. reduce competition.
D. separate wants from needs.
No Status
17. As the price of a luxury sports car increases, is demand for the car likely to be elastic or inelastic?
A. Inelastic, demand will increase as the price increases.
B. Elastic, there are few substitutes available.
C. Inelastic, demand for luxury vehicles is constant.
D. Elastic, an expensive car is not a necessity.
No Status
18. Businesses can exhibit social responsibility by
A. giving political donations.
B. paying income taxes.
C. maximizing their profits.
D. producing low-priced products.
No Status
19. Caroline manages a large group of highly skilled researchers at a corporation. Caroline is most likely to have a(n) __________ span of control.
A. extensive
B. narrow
C. intensive
D. wide
No Status
20. Government bans or controls monopolies because monopolies
A. reduce the power of the government.
B. are hard to manage.
C. do not pay taxes.
D. do not always benefit consumers.
No Status
21. What type of businesses usually pay close attention to GDP?
A. Public
B. Large
C. Small
D. Private
No Status
22. Which of the following is a source of frictional unemployment:
A. The demand for laborers changes based on the time of year.
B. A company closes its doors when its products become obsolete.
C. A business dismisses some of its workers during an economic recession.
D. Individuals enter the workforce after graduating from school.
No Status
23. The way that you feel about your view of yourself is referred to as your
A. self-concept.
B. perception.
C. motivation.
D. self-esteem.
No Status
24. A reason why being honest helps workers to get along well with their coworkers is that honest workers
A. focus on creating harmony.
B. live up to their promises.
C. exchange rumors and gossip.
D. are more willing to share.
No Status
25. Most often employees lie to avoid being
A. recognized.
B. reprimanded.
C. promoted.
D. supervised.
No Status
26. Self-control can help you to prevent job burnout by enabling you to
A. understand the causes of stress.
B. bury your stress.
C. end your stress.
D. keep stress under control.
No Status
27. Which of the following is considered nonverbal communication?
A. Sending an email to a group member
B. Saying good morning to your teacher
C. Smiling at a friend when you see her
D. Writing a letter to your grandmother
No Status
28. What should an employee do if s/he accidentally learns that the business might lay off several workers in the near future because of a decrease in sales?
A. Tell others the business is failing
B. Pass on the information to coworkers
C. Keep the information confidential
D. Start an anonymous rumor about cutbacks
No Status
29. How can you show that you're actively listening in a negotiation?
A. Repeat or summarize the other person's statements.
B. Think about what you'll say next while the other person is speaking.
C. Respond emotionally to what the other person says.
D. Keep a positive, open, and objective attitude.
No Status
30. Pat tells Tim, "You can always talk to me. I'm here to help." Which of the following coaching characteristics is Pat exhibiting:
A. Approachability
B. Persistence
C. Humility
D. Dependability
No Status
31. When Thomas bought his car from the Reinhart Auto Dealership, he gave the dealership a $4,000 down payment. Thomas will make a monthly payment of $365 to the dealership until he has paid off the loan. Thomas bought his car by using __________ credit.
A. budget
B. revolving
C. installment
D. service
No Status
32. An individual who decides to save a certain amount every month in order to have enough money on hand to buy a car in two years is
A. opening an account.
B. making an investment.
C. setting financial goals.
D. analyzing economic conditions.
No Status
33. Because Elise paid her monthly credit-card bill on April 16 instead of April 4, the credit card issuer added a $25 charge to her May billing statement. This is an example of a(n) __________ fee.
A. cash-advance
B. annual
C. balance-transfer
D. late
No Status
34. A business that loses items to theft includes those items in which category of the income statement?
A. Capital goods
B. Long-term liability
C. Cost of goods sold/Cost of sales
D. Operating expenses
No Status
35. A manufacturing company wants to demonstrate to potential investors that it has good working capital management, so it should pay close attention to its
A. cash conversion cycle.
B. capital budgeting.
C. equity.
D. assets.
No Status
36. According to the statement of cash flows in a company's annual report, its cash flow from operations last year was $5,260,300, and its capital expenditures were $980,200. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $4,280,100
B. $1,863,391
C. $5,397,164
D. $6,240,500
No Status
37. One of the procedures for orienting new employees often involves
A. reviewing previous education.
B. providing specialized training.
C. developing a compensation package.
D. scheduling a periodic review.
No Status
38. A directory of customer profiles would be considered one of the organization's knowledge
A. locations.
B. deposits.
C. banks.
D. bases.
No Status
39. What is a primary characteristic of intellectual capital?
A. Reliable
B. Factual
C. Observable
D. Intangible
No Status
40. What technological tool can help businesses understand the types of knowledge that employees need to perform their jobs efficiently?
A. Systems register
B. Probability chart
C. Accountability matrix
D. Navigation log
No Status
41. Keith Carson is a member of a research and development team for MED Pharmaceutical Company. Under the supervision of his team manager, Rita Woods, Keith and his coworkers, Margo Luft and Leo Martelli, invented a new drug to treat a degenerative eye disorder. Because the drug is intellectual property, it will be patented. Who will own the patent?
A. Keith Carson
B. MED Pharmaceutical Company
C. MED's research and development team
D. Rita Woods
No Status
42. As Jackie watches Cameron perform each step of a work activity, she takes detailed notes about what she observes. This is an example of an employee obtaining knowledge through
A. task analysis.
B. participation.
C. learning histories.
D. laddering techniques.
No Status
43. Businesses that market what consumers want and need usually are able to
A. achieve their goals.
B. charge higher prices.
C. offer more benefits.
D. reduce their expenses.
No Status
44. Melissa is thinking about setting up her growing business as a corporation. Which of the following online sources is most likely to have relevant information about how to establish a corporation:
A. MarketWatch
B. Wall Street Journal
C. Nolo Legal Encyclopedia
D. Wikipedia
No Status
45. Lamar Enterprises is using a trademark that looks very similar to the Seward Company's trademark. To prevent Lamar from continuing to use the trademark, Seward can take legal action by
A. charging Lamar with obstruction of justice.
B. filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar.
C. requiring Lamar to pay a licensing fee.
D. obtaining an arrest warrant.
No Status
46. One way that technological innovation has changed business is by decreasing the use of
A. paper forms.
B. skilled workers.
C. electronic mail.
D. phone systems.
No Status
47. JavaScript, BETA, AppleScript, and Ubercode are examples of computer
A. programming languages.
B. search engines.
C. service providers.
D. disk drives.
No Status
48. The manager of TAV Corporation used a spreadsheet to calculate the average sales for the previous six months as follows: January $1,250, February $1,100, March $1,800, April $2,350, May $2,110, and June $1,924. Determine the average sales per month for the six-month period.
A. $1,823.76
B. $1,665.00
C. $1,755.67
D. $1,919.50
No Status
49. A benefit of using project-management software is that it
A. creates a variety of evaluative reports.
B. eliminates computer coding problems.
C. provides job training for team members.
D. reduces the need to monitor costs.
No Status
50. A company is making big changes to its database. When should the company make these changes?
A. Over the employees' lunch breaks
B. At the beginning of the work week
C. Never—changes should not be made to a database
D. After work hours or when employees have down time
No Status
51. To house its digital business records, EFG Corporation uses a remote database that employees can access anytime through the Internet. EFG Corporation is using __________ to store its business records.
A. streaming video
B. a flash drive
C. cloud computing
D. compact disks
No Status
52. Which of the following is an ethical issue that might affect the operations function:
A. Flexibility
B. Utility
C. Creativity
D. Quality
No Status
53. A city in the southwestern region of the country requires community businesses to undergo health and safety inspections to determine if the businesses are complying with
A. free-trade agreements.
B. local ordinances.
C. securities regulations.
D. consumer-protection laws.
No Status
54. Health and safety regulations in business usually require businesses to
A. report workplace accidents.
B. inspect office facilities.
C. hold regular safety meetings.
D. purchase fireproof supplies.
No Status
55. Which of the following is an example of an unsafe act:
A. Driving too fast
B. Having greasy rags
C. Replacing inadequate lighting
D. Reporting a frayed electric cord
No Status
56. A business should seek legal protection for its intellectual property to discourage
A. others from using it without permission.
B. competitors from developing new products.
C. customers from filing frivolous lawsuits.
D. employees from creating unique processes.
No Status
57. When prioritizing work, employees should place the most importance on work that involves
A. tight deadlines.
B. routine activities.
C. interactive tasks.
D. interpersonal communication.
No Status
58. To establish weekly work priorities, employees should consider developing a list of
A. critical activities.
B. routinely performed tasks.
C. short-term accomplishments.
D. long-term goals.
No Status
59. Which of the following situations is an example of employees coordinating their work efforts:
A. Ed reviews his monthly financial report to verify his calculations.
B. Bob unpacks a shipment and places the items on shelves in the warehouse.
C. Sarah calls a vendor to verify the delivery date of an order, while Shelley sells products.
D. Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him.
No Status
60. Leah is a manager who delegates some of her tasks to her employees. Which of the following statements is true:
A. Leah must stay in constant communication with her employees about their tasks.
B. The tasks are no longer Leah's responsibilities since she assigned them to employees.
C. Leah needs to sit with the employees to ensure they finish their work.
D. Leah should not have delegated tasks because they are hers to complete.
No Status
61. What is the first step you should take when streamlining work processes?
A. Ask employees for input.
B. Divide the work process into steps.
C. Define an individual work process.
D. Implement the improvements.
No Status
62. How can project managers monitor the project's quality of work and its current expenditures?
A. Seek professional development
B. Conduct a project audit
C. Review past correspondence
D. Compare industry reports
No Status
63. What is needed to maintain collaborative relationships with suppliers?
A. A comprehensive request for proposal
B. Effective conflict-resolution skills
C. Different goals and objectives
D. Complete disclosure of information
No Status
64. The Colbert Company ships 19 cases of model number 328 bolts to SOA Manufacturing Company every other week. This is an example of a(n) __________ purchase order.
A. standing
B. advance
C. seasonal
D. open
No Status
65. Which of the following is an example of a raw material that a business might inventory for production use:
A. Wood
B. Toothpaste
C. Stapler
D. Chair
No Status
66. A business orders 10 more widgets than it needs because the supply of and the demand for widgets have been difficult to forecast in recent months. This is an example of a business ordering __________ inventory.
A. maintenance
B. buffer
C. perpetual
D. customary
No Status
67. The dating terms that the MRL Restaurant Supply Company negotiated with its glassware vendor are 5/10 net 30 for a purchase order generated on May 20. Calculate the discounted amount that MRL would owe for an order of $1,580.50 if it pays by May 27.
A. $1,501.47
B. $1,547.47
C. $1,541.07
D. $1,510.07
No Status
68. Which of the following is a non-price issue that a business might negotiate with a vendor when purchasing expensive, complex equipment:
A. Compensation
B. Payment terms
C. Volume reductions
D. Post-sale service
No Status
69. A business that produces products for which there is a steady, predictable demand for large quantities is most likely to use which of the following production processes:
A. Intermittent
B. Continuous
C. Unit
D. Batch
No Status
70. This year a business spends $423,500 in salaries, $88,000 in rent, $15,250 to maintain a website, and $60,000 in employee bonuses. What are the fixed costs?
A. $526,750
B. $586,750
C. $571,500
D. $511,500
No Status
71. Luke is reviewing several internal and external reports to compare his company's sales and market share in relation to other companies in the industry. What type of business analysis is Luke conducting?
A. Productivity
B. Promotional
C. Financial
D. Competitive
No Status
72. Business process thinking is meant to help companies
A. enforce safety standards.
B. hire employees and fill roles.
C. process payroll and compensate employees.
D. achieve goals and serve customers.
No Status
73. Stress and fatigue are __________ factors that can affect business process design.
A. human
B. technological
C. regulatory
D. government
No Status
74. A disruption in the supply chain can cause a business to
A. stop production.
B. make more money.
C. create happy customers.
D. encourage employees.
No Status
75. Supply chain networks are often
A. unprofitable.
B. eliminated.
C. unimportant.
D. redesigned.
No Status
76. What is one way that employees can help their companies protect digital assets?
A. Send out emails to update everyone on security policy changes.
B. Share passwords with everyone in the company.
C. Download documents from unevaluated websites.
D. Follow company policies about giving out personal information.
No Status
77. It is important to set goals that are realistic and attainable, which means that they should be
A. specific rather than vague or general.
B. appropriate to you and your abilities.
C. challenging to your creativity.
D. achievable within a year.
No Status
78. What is one intellectual trait that is characteristic of creative people?
A. Traditional thinking
B. Impatience with others
C. High energy level
D. Mental flexibility
No Status
79. Individuals often succeed in occupations that require the skills that match their
A. aptitudes.
B. values.
C. behaviors.
D. attitudes.
No Status
80. Where can you find business management and administration careers?
A. They fit strictly within specific categories.
B. They are found only in office buildings.
C. They are found in every type of business.
D. They are found primarily in banks and insurance companies.
No Status
81. The reason you should include your complete name, address, and telephone number in your job résumé is to
A. follow the accepted rules for a résumé.
B. let the employer know how far away you live.
C. get this information into the company files.
D. make it easy for the company to contact you.
No Status
82. Which of the following is a promotional method that enables businesses to introduce new products and generate new sales leads at the same time:
A. Sales contests
B. Trade shows
C. Cash rebates
D. Free samples
No Status
83. What should a project's statement of work include?
A. Charts and materials
B. A request for proposal
C. The results summary
D. Terms and commitments
No Status
84. Why do project managers develop a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects?
A. To provide stakeholders with project objectives
B. To identify and better manage all project activities
C. To provide team members with feedback for improvement
D. To communicate costs associated with the project
No Status
85. Which of the following is an example of a project manager delegating responsibility to a project team member:
A. Stan asks Joanna and Tom for suggestions to improve process efficiency.
B. Bill tells Peter that he needs to remember to include a cover sheet with his TPS report.
C. Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report.
D. Anne determines that Bob has the desired organizational skills to be on the project team.
No Status
86. Determine the type of project-closing report that would most likely contain the following statement: "In review, group members agreed that additional training before the project began and ongoing technical support during the course of the project would have increased overall efficiency."
A. Stakeholder's expense audit
B. Executive summary
C. Termination checklist
D. Lessons learned document
No Status
87. A water-filtering company made some changes to its processes that resulted in better tasting water. This is an example of
A. market development.
B. quality control.
C. opportunity cost.
D. quality improvement.
No Status
88. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software has the ability to conduct an audit that compares the business's existing production and acquisition processes with the CMMI model. The audit provides information that will allow the business to
A. manage its human and natural resources effectively.
B. develop long-term financial and operating plans.
C. determine the best way to comply with government regulations.
D. incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes.
No Status
89. What step in the Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) continuous-improvement technique involves analyzing the results of a small-scale change to determine if the change was effective?
A. Act
B. Do
C. Check
D. Plan
No Status
90. Which of the following presents an ethical issue that may increase a business's level of risk:
A. Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills
B. Communicating business information to customers
C. Developing processes to test product durability
D. Striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers
No Status
91. What risk is being avoided when financial institutions use cloud computing?
A. Speculative risk
B. Pure risk
C. Loss of customers risk
D. Return on investment risk
No Status
92. To lower risks associated with noncompliance, a company should
A. limit the potential of personal injury by purchasing property insurance.
B. hire an environmental attorney to oversee all business functions.
C. monitor changes in laws affecting its business activities.
D. encourage all employees to understand the advanced principles of contract law.
No Status
93. Which of the following is a primary function of first-line managers:
A. Making decisions about entering new markets
B. Setting the organization's goals
C. Ensuring that the daily activities are carried out
D. Developing the tactical plans for the business
No Status
94. The core activity of managerial planning involves
A. modifying behavior.
B. determining objectives.
C. implementing procedures.
D. identifying gains.
No Status
95. An important aspect of the organizing function of management involves
A. motivating team members.
B. conducting performance reviews.
C. promoting employees.
D. establishing levels of authority.
No Status
96. Which of the following are staffing activities:
A. Recruiting and budgeting
B. Hiring and onboarding
C. Interviewing and measuring
D. Compensating and monitoring
No Status
97. What is an important aspect of managerial directing?
A. Developing long-term business objectives
B. Interviewing job applicants.
C. Providing employees with instructions.
D. Creating systematic approaches for activities.
No Status
98. Which of the following is the first step in the control process:
A. Take corrective action
B. Set performance standards
C. Measure performance
D. Compare performance to standards
No Status
99. If a company wants to ensure that changes are implemented in the best possible way and that those changes will lead to long-term benefits, it should use the __________ approach.
A. solution finding
B. problem solving
C. change avoidance
D. change management
No Status
100. Change management occurs in a cycle because
A. organizations always need to change.
B. organizations push for unnecessary change.
C. change is harmful for most companies.
D. change is difficult to implement.
No Status
Test 1144
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. How can government laws and regulations result in economic risk?
A. They can make businesses less safe.
B. They can reduce a business's profits.
C. They can protect consumers.
D. They can result in environmental problems.
No Status
2. Which of the following is an important factor that affects the legal procedure:
A. Larceny
B. Freedom
C. Misdemeanor
D. Jurisdiction
No Status
3. A primary responsibility of administrative law is to
A. establish congressional/parliamentary committees.
B. enforce agency regulations.
C. interpret constitutional laws.
D. overturn lower courts' decisions.
No Status
4. The Tafoya Company has discovered that the Bremen Company illegally used Tafoya's trademark. To pursue a legal case for financial compensation, what should Tafoya's legal counsel do first?
A. Conduct an examination of discovery to interview all parties involved in the illegal use of the Tafoya trademark.
B. File a formal complaint to the court alleging the Bremen Company's illegal use of the Tafoya trademark.
C. Issue a summons requiring the Bremen Company to respond to allegations of misusing the trademark.
D. Request that a pretrial conference date be set to clarify all the legal issues that will be discussed during the trial.
No Status
5. Which of the following statements about the impact of law on business is accurate:
A. Businesses are governed by law at the local, national, and international levels.
B. Businesses are not governed by criminal law because it only applies to individuals.
C. Businesses should focus on corporate laws enacted and enforced by their local government.
D. Businesses should focus on ethical rather than legal issues required by national law.
No Status
6. Shawn is preparing for an interview with a local company. He knows that he should ask relevant questions about the job at the end of the interview. Which of the following will help him prepare these questions:
A. Conducting research about the company prior to the interview
B. Relying on the interviewer to generate the questions
C. Asking his friends what questions they think he should ask
D. Finding background information about the interviewer's high school and asking him/her about that to form a personal relationship
No Status
7. Edith wants to organize the information in her persuasive paper in a clear, logical way that's easy for readers to understand. She starts by stating the dilemma at hand and then explains the answer that she believes will solve the dilemma. Which method of organizing information is Edith using?
A. Alphabetical
B. Problem/Solution
C. Deductive
D. Chronological
No Status
8. The part of a business letter that follows the inside address is the
A. body.
B. signature line.
C. dateline.
D. salutation.
No Status
9. Why is it important for businesses to include logical evidence in a persuasive letter?
A. To force the recipient to respond
B. To present interesting information
C. To explain the idea in strong language
D. To make the message more convincing
No Status
10. When analytical reports contain information that readers might disagree with, writers should back their conclusions with
A. enthusiastic statements.
B. technical statistics.
C. personal opinions.
D. logical arguments.
No Status
11. A message from the company president to all employees concerning a change in insurance coverage is a form of __________ communication.
A. upward
B. informal
C. staff
D. lateral
No Status
12. Every Friday, Odessa is supposed to remind employees to complete and sign their time sheets before going home for the weekend. What is the most appropriate channel for Odessa's reminder to employees?
A. Email
B. Fax
C. Phone
D. Letter
No Status
13. Your friend Maureen is nervous about an upcoming staff meeting at her company. Since you have a lot of experience attending and participating in meetings, she asks you for advice. You tell her that she should be sure to
A. think about what she will say while others are speaking.
B. take the opportunity to bring up unrelated concerns she has.
C. keep quiet if she disagrees with someone else's point.
D. listen and look interested when someone is speaking.
No Status
14. Employees who always keep their commitments to customers are building positive relationships with those customers by being
A. creative.
B. assertive.
C. dependable.
D. sociable.
No Status
15. Oliver is an American businessperson who will be traveling to Scotland to close an important business deal. Does Oliver need to alter his communication style to adapt to the Scottish culture?
A. No. Scottish people speak English, so Oliver does not need to do anything special to prepare for the trip.
B. Yes. Scottish people tend to dislike Americans for many reasons, so Oliver needs to make sure he is behaving appropriately.
C. Yes. Oliver should do some research on Scottish culture so he doesn't do or say something offensive.
D. No. Western cultures tend to have similar cultural attitudes and practices, so Oliver does not need to research Scottish etiquette.
No Status
16. How does solving difficult-customer situations benefit you personally?
A. You will encounter difficult customers less frequently.
B. You gain valuable communication skills.
C. Your customers will be happier.
D. Your boss will automatically give you a raise.
No Status
17. Which of the following situations involves finding another source of a limited natural resource:
A. Conserving the oil that we use
B. Searching for oil on the ocean floor
C. Paying a higher price for oil
D. Replacing oil with natural gas
No Status
18. What role does utility play in the implementation of the marketing concept?
A. A payment method
B. A satisfaction gauge
C. A cost-saving tool
D. A delivery process
No Status
19. Which of the following actions describes proactive management:
A. Encouraging individualism
B. Making only long-term plans
C. Planning in advance for change
D. Avoiding risk
No Status
20. Which of the following is not one of the four main idealized market structures used in trade theory:
A. Monopolistic competition
B. Perfect competition
C. Monopoly
D. Perfect monopoly
No Status
21. Government provides protection to business owners' property through the use of
A. consumer-protection laws.
B. minimum-wage laws.
C. safety standards.
D. zoning laws.
No Status
22. An individual with a higher income who pays a larger percentage of his/her income as taxes than an individual with a lower income is in a __________ tax system.
A. flat
B. regressive
C. proportional
D. progressive
No Status
23. Limited commodities can cause
A. price stability.
B. cost-push inflation.
C. demand-pull inflation.
D. hyperinflation.
No Status
24. Some figures that are used to calculate the gross domestic product are
A. transfers.
B. forecasts.
C. estimates.
D. predictions.
No Status
25. When your self-concept is high, you usually believe that you are a(n) __________ person.
A. aggressive
B. unimportant
C. witty
D. valuable
No Status
26. When you make a mistake, the responsible thing to do is
A. try to fix it before anyone finds out.
B. quit the project.
C. determine where to lay the blame.
D. admit it.
No Status
27. When you are evaluated by your immediate supervisor, and s/he tells you of all the things you can do to improve your job performance, that is an example of
A. harassment.
B. constructive criticism.
C. self-control.
D. interpersonal relationships.
No Status
28. People who receive a great deal of negative feedback may develop
A. self-importance.
B. enthusiasm.
C. optimism.
D. depression.
No Status
29. A group of employees doing research and preparing a report to recommend that the business change certain policies is an example of using
A. enthusiasm.
B. leadership.
C. management.
D. persuasion.
No Status
30. Employees who set realistic goals and standards for themselves often are able to control their
A. ability to advance.
B. level of stress.
C. work schedule.
D. group participation.
No Status
31. Maintaining a sense of humor can help you to be a good team member because it
A. keeps your emotions under control.
B. helps to ease any tension that arises.
C. improves your decision-making skills.
D. gives you more self-confidence.
No Status
32. How does a goal differ from a vision?
A. There is no difference the two are the same.
B. A goal could mean different things to different people.
C. A goal is abstract and indefinite.
D. A goal is concrete and measurable.
No Status
33. What is the most likely result when sexual harassment occurs in the workplace?
A. Good publicity for the business
B. Motivation for employees to work harder
C. An annoyance to all employees
D. A hostile work environment
No Status
34. Which of the following businesses is the best example of an entrepreneurial venture:
A. A juice bar decides to purchase trucks to sell juice on location during special events.
B. A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing.
C. A pumpkin farm offers pumpkin carving and costume contests to create more interest.
D. A bakery creates a "cretzel," a cross between a crescent and a pretzel, as a new product.
No Status
35. Finance charges are expressed as a(n)
A. annual percentage rate.
B. monthly percentage rate.
C. annual balance rate.
D. monthly balance rate.
No Status
36. Who is legally responsible for repaying a bank loan if the loan borrower fails to make payments as indicated in the loan contract?
A. Treasury Department
B. Credit union
C. Cosigner
D. Debt collectors
No Status
37. Fiona made a $500 donation to a local homeless shelter last year. When she prepares her personal income tax form, she can claim the donation as part of her
A. public property.
B. tax deductions.
C. living expenses.
D. discretionary income.
No Status
38. For financial information to be reliable, it must also be
A. understandable.
B. complete.
C. relevant.
D. biased.
No Status
39. Mr. Gates owns two successful businesses and would like to open a third. Which of the following business activities should he consider first:
A. Marketing
B. Accounting
C. Production
D. Management
No Status
40. Which of the following is a factor that might cause a business to adjust its budget figures:
A. Sales procedures
B. Economic trends
C. Local elections
D. Operating policies
No Status
41. Which of the following airlines is most likely to be undervalued, based on their price-to-cash flow ratios: Sky High Current Stock Price: $14.36 Cash Flow per Share: $5.21 Smooth Flying Current Stock Price: $22.78 Cash Flow per Share: $4.12 Soar the Sky Current Stock Price: $18.50 Cash Flow per Share: $3.59 White Clouds Current Stock Price: $25.81 Cash Flow per Share: $6.94
A. Smooth Flying
B. Sky High
C. Soar the Sky
D. White Clouds
No Status
42. What is an indicator of strong organizational ethics?
A. Underperforming
B. Overpromising
C. High trust and mutual respect
D. Refusal to accept responsibility
No Status
43. Which of the following is an ethical issue that relates to knowledge management in the workplace:
A. The sales manager of a manufacturing firm shares the firm's quarterly sales goals with the sales staff.
B. A project leader requests that each member of his/her team provide a status report to the group.
C. The president of a small company asks her/his executive team for input regarding a business decision.
D. An employee deliberately doesn't share information with management that will help the company meet its goals.
No Status
44. The FMT Company wants to implement a software program to capture and communicate tacit knowledge. Which of the following software applications is best suited to fulfill the company's needs:
A. Recovery
B. Spreadsheet
C. Presentation
D. Groupware
No Status
45. Which of the following is an action that threatens a company's ability to maintain its trade secrets:
A. Process fragmentation
B. Systematic neutralizing
C. Copyright reform initiatives
D. Reverse engineering
No Status
46. Sophia gathered members of the department together to discuss the ways in which they perform their work and what they do to overcome pitfalls and challenges while performing their day-to-day tasks. While the members of the group shared their experiences and ideas, Sophia took notes and asked follow-up questions. What technique is Sophia using to capture tacit knowledge?
A. Channeling discussion
B. Parliamentary procedure
C. Repetitious feedback
D. Critical interaction
No Status
47. Which of the following is a true statement about company goals:
A. They can't be accomplished without employees' dedication.
B. They are the same at every company.
C. All company goals are general.
D. They are important only for new companies.
No Status
48. Helsinki is the capital of Finland is an example of what type of information?
A. Unproven
B. Opinion
C. Criticism
D. Factual
No Status
49. So the company can make wise business decisions, it is important for the company to effectively manage its
A. markets.
B. ratings.
C. information.
D. demand.
No Status
50. By searching the company's computer records, an employee obtained confidential information about a well-known client, which s/he discussed with a friend. Eventually, the information was leaked to the media, which embarrassed the client and the business. What action could the company have taken to prevent this unethical behavior?
A. Provide clients with information-tracking capabilities
B. Install anti-virus software to protect the computer network
C. Use computer passwords to limit access to certain data
D. Require the employee to submit his/her resignation
No Status
51. What technological component manages the computer's software and hardware?
A. Operating system
B. Power supply
C. Navigation key
D. Modem
No Status
52. Bobbi is searching the Internet for information about business licenses. Unfortunately, many of the search results are useless to her because they focus on drivers' licenses. What search terms should Bobbi use to find information specifically about business licenses?
A. "business license" driver
B. +business +license
C. +business +license -driver
D. BUSINESS LICENSE
No Status
53. Holly, Cary, and Rick are working on a project together, even though they are geographically far away from each other. They use the Internet to work on documents together, share files, and communicate quickly and easily. What type of software are Holly, Cary, and Rick using?
A. Freeware
B. Shareware
C. Spyware
D. Groupware
No Status
54. One limitation of project-management software is that it lacks the ability to
A. track resources.
B. generate reports.
C. sort data.
D. find input errors.
No Status
55. A company has decided to move its important information into a new digital database. Immediately after moving its data, what should the company do?
A. Send out a press release to the public about the data migration.
B. Check to make sure that no data were lost in the moving process.
C. Hold a company-wide meeting to discuss the database change.
D. Train employees on the importance of safe data-migration practices.
No Status
56. When an existing customer's contact information changes, what should a company do?
A. Add the customer's record in the employee directory
B. Create a new record that contains the customer's changes
C. Update the customer's record in the company database
D. Enter the customer's contact information in a new database
No Status
57. Running out of inventory can result in
A. higher taxes.
B. lost sales.
C. higher productivity.
D. more satisfied customers.
No Status
58. Which of the following facility components are inspected by authorized officials to ensure that safety ordinances are met:
A. Elevators
B. Photocopiers
C. Computer networks
D. Portable cameras
No Status
59. It is important for businesses to provide employees with safety and health information and training in order to
A. prevent accidents.
B. ensure greater profits.
C. increase employee morale.
D. control employee sick leave.
No Status
60. Which of the following activities should be an employee's top priority:
A. Making reservations at a local restaurant for a business luncheon that is going to be held in two weeks
B. Preparing a purchase order that needs to be faxed to the vendor in two days
C. Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour
D. Photocopying a three-page document for a meeting with a customer that is scheduled to occur five hours from now
No Status
61. Robert forgot that he told Sabrina to update the price list, so he asked Todd to do it. Due to the lack of coordination among the team members, what is most likely to happen?
A. High efficiency
B. Duplicate work
C. Accurate calculations
D. Effective collaboration
No Status
62. When proposing delegated tasks to her team, Becca asked for feedback so that she could
A. establish openness.
B. promote her authority.
C. discourage over-reporting.
D. set expected outcomes.
No Status
63. Which of the following is a true statement about projects:
A. They are short-term undertakings.
B. They rely on traditional management structures.
C. They create goods, not services.
D. Their processes are more important than their results.
No Status
64. A useful communications strategy in project planning is
A. determining how much funding the project will take.
B. assigning responsibility for meeting quality requirements.
C. asking yourself how long each deliverable will take to complete.
D. grouping team members according to type and level of information.
No Status
65. What is required of businesses to maintain positive, long-term relationships with their suppliers?
A. Rigid policies
B. Flexible lead times
C. Autocratic management
D. Ongoing communication
No Status
66. Which of the following is an example of an item that most likely requires a retailer to place a special order with a manufacturer:
A. Blinds for a nonstandard-size window
B. Windshield wipers for a 2008 Honda Accord
C. A cellphone charger for a popular smartphone
D. A color ink cartridge for a computer printer
No Status
67. Which of the following are examples of raw materials that a business might keep on hand for production:
A. Oil, grain, shoes, and household cleanser
B. Leather, bolts, stapler, and ore
C. Minerals, tables, leather, and paper
D. Grain, minerals, leather, and oil
No Status
68. Because the ILM Manufacturing Company orders large amounts of bolts and washers, the company's buyer asks its parts vendor for an additional five percent off the invoice total. This is an example of a business negotiating
A. delivery terms.
B. a quantity discount.
C. service terms.
D. a cash rebate.
No Status
69. Production processes that rely heavily on expensive equipment and materials are __________ processes.
A. intermittent
B. labor-intensive
C. standardized
D. capital-intensive
No Status
70. Which of the following quality-control tools is a graphical representation of two variables that is used to determine cause and effect:
A. Flow chart
B. Histogram
C. Check sheet
D. Scatter diagram
No Status
71. A business manager expected an increase in sales during the holiday season and hired two extra part-time employees. What would result if sales did not increase?
A. The business would lose money.
B. The business would close early.
C. The business would expand.
D. The business would make a profit.
No Status
72. Which of the following best describes a goal of effective supply chain management:
A. Managing customer relations
B. Reducing inventory
C. Storing marketing data
D. Planning promotional strategies
No Status
73. When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A. informing customers.
B. comparing data.
C. submitting evidence.
D. influencing others' opinions.
No Status
74. A manufacturing company is required by the local government to dispose of its waste in an environmentally safe way. This is an example of how process design can be affected by __________ factors.
A. human
B. regulatory
C. technological
D. natural
No Status
75. Technology impacts just-in-time inventory management by
A. increasing warehouse storage costs.
B. eliminating the need for supplier relationships.
C. causing disruptions in the supply chain.
D. allowing inventory to be monitored regularly.
No Status
76. Which of the following is a strategy to help manage risks in a global supply chain:
A. Work with experienced partners abroad
B. Hire only local workers
C. Work only within the same time zone
D. Accept lower quality levels
No Status
77. To protect customer data such as credit card information, businesses should
A. use a shared server to store information.
B. accept payments in cash only.
C. require that all customers show an ID.
D. keep sensitive records encrypted.
No Status
78. When you keep your workspace organized, you are less likely to
A. misuse office equipment.
B. misplace important documents.
C. forget important phone numbers.
D. discard unnecessary paperwork.
No Status
79. Which of the following statements is true of time management:
A. It is a matter of common sense and just involves using a calendar.
B. It refers to how people use the 24 hours in their day.
C. It requires a significant amount of extra work.
D. It makes it more difficult for you to plan for the future.
No Status
80. Even when times are tough for Caitlin's business venture, she tends to remain positive she looks at the glass as half full rather than half empty. What characteristic of entrepreneurship is Caitlin exhibiting?
A. Determination
B. Organization
C. Innovation
D. Optimism
No Status
81. Department manager, small business manager, and regional manager are __________ positions.
A. supply chain management
B. business analytics
C. operations management
D. general management
No Status
82. What is often the first step in conducting a job search?
A. Identifying leads
B. Completing applications
C. Contacting employers
D. Scheduling interviews
No Status
83. Is it ever appropriate for an individual looking for a job to send a letter of application to a business that has not advertised a job opening?
A. No, the business will discard the letter if it has no openings.
B. Yes, the worker should write to each business in the industry.
C. Yes, the worker can write if s/he has heard about a job opening.
D. No, a letter is used only in response to job advertisements.
No Status
84. To perform his job, Andrew works with a complex database program. Recently, a new version of the database program that he uses was released. The new program is more powerful, efficient, and user friendly. To learn how to use the program effectively, Andrew signed up to take a class at the community college. In this situation, Andrew is continuing his education so that he can
A. update his technical skills.
B. change his career path.
C. ensure his employability.
D. obtain professional licensure.
No Status
85. What is a primary advantage of developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) to manage large projects?
A. Eliminates unexpected circumstances
B. Prevents the duplication of work
C. Reduces the need to set project milestones
D. Decreases the need to manage each task
No Status
86. A project manager has determined that the team completed the software-development phase of the project four days ahead of schedule. What control activity is the project manager performing?
A. Evaluating a time constraint
B. Tracking a milestone
C. Changing a process
D. Assessing a setback
No Status
87. When team members disagree about the best way to complete an activity, the project manager may need to
A. help resolve the conflict.
B. negotiate with external sources.
C. evaluate the reward system.
D. change the project scope.
No Status
88. Releasing equipment, materials, and team members are tasks that are completed during the ___________ phase of a project.
A. planning
B. scheduling
C. closing
D. initiating
No Status
89. The overall purpose of the Six Sigma quality-management framework is to satisfy customers and
A. identify needs.
B. simplify activities.
C. improve technology.
D. lower costs.
No Status
90. What step in the continuous improvement process will indicate if quality is increasing?
A. Documentation
B. Evaluation
C. Recommendation
D. Implementation
No Status
91. A business risks losing its good reputation if it
A. requires new suppliers to provide credit information.
B. provides accurate information to stockholders.
C. encourages employees to report questionable behavior.
D. uses questionable tactics to achieve profitability.
No Status
92. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential data, businesses use security software to protect their
A. corporate policies.
B. intranet systems.
C. intercom systems.
D. spam email.
No Status
93. When businesses continuously monitor the laws and implement changes to remain in compliance, they are
A. interpreting contracts.
B. demonstrating negligence.
C. controlling their risks.
D. increasing their liabilities.
No Status
94. When managers have the ability to understand how all of the functions of the company are interrelated, they possess
A. innovative ideas.
B. interpersonal skills.
C. technical competence.
D. conceptual skills.
No Status
95. What must occur before any management functions can be carried out?
A. Analyzing
B. Planning
C. Processing
D. Brainstorming
No Status
96. The organizing function of management is important to a business because it
A. defines workplace roles and relationships.
B. ensures efficient performance levels.
C. encourages creativity and problem solving.
D. motivates employees to achieve goals.
No Status
97. Which of the following is a true statement about human resources needs:
A. They are harder to meet in high-tech industries.
B. They are always changing.
C. They are the same at every business.
D. There is no way to know when they will change.
No Status
98. What management function involves motivating and encouraging an employee?
A. Planning
B. Directing
C. Organizing
D. Recruiting
No Status
99. Measuring the productivity of a business's employees is an example of
A. managerial control.
B. formal authority.
C. leadership style.
D. positional analysis.
No Status
100. Which of the following employees would most likely be described as "innovative" by his/her supervisor:
A. Elizabeth, because she gets frustrated when she needs to learn new skills
B. Madison, because she prefers to stick to traditional ideas and processes
C. Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project
D. Anthony, because he is usually quiet during brainstorming sessions
No Status
Test 1153
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Environmental regulations are often developed to encourage businesses to participate in
A. resource identification.
B. law enforcement.
C. recycling programs.
D. ethical contracts.
No Status
2. Which of the following is a characteristic of a product trade-name franchise:
A. It is owned by shareholders.
B. It is not open to the public.
C. The franchisee has unlimited liability.
D. The franchisee can choose the name of the business.
No Status
3. In which of the following situations is a settlement most likely to occur:
A. A complicated case involves multiple defendants.
B. A struggling company wants to gain publicity.
C. A defendant feels she has a strong chance of winning.
D. A small company does not have the funds to go to court.
No Status
4. Red Ruby Jewelry is suing another jewelry company for an intellectual property violation. During which phase of the litigation process should Red Ruby Jewelry's lawyers interview potential witnesses?
A. Discovery
B. Pleadings
C. Trial
D. Appeal
No Status
5. The main difference between arbitration and mediation is that
A. mediation applies to criminal cases.
B. mediation involves a third party.
C. arbitration involves a judgment.
D. arbitration is a non-binding process.
No Status
6. Why is it important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material?
A. To compile a database
B. To read useful information
C. To understand business communication
D. To prepare a routine message
No Status
7. Sometimes, the ability to follow directions is a skill that is necessary for survival. This is known as a(n) skill.
A. social
B. cultural
C. life
D. academic
No Status
8. What method of note-taking involves using headings and subheadings to record the relationships and content in a well-organized, multi-level structure?
A. Shorthand
B. Sentence
C. Mapping
D. Outline
No Status
9. The main form of written communication within a business is
A. telephone calls.
B. business letters.
C. staff meetings.
D. memorandums.
No Status
10. Which of the following types of messages presents evaluative information:
A. Analytic
B. Explanatory
C. Simple
D. Complex
No Status
11. As an employee of the TMX Company, you have been asked to investigate the financial aspects of a proposed merger with LAU International. What type of analytical report are you being asked to develop?
A. Market analysis
B. Due diligence
C. Justification
D. Troubleshooting
No Status
12. What section of a research report outlines the research plan?
A. Introduction
B. Recommendations
C. Results
D. Methodology
No Status
13. When participating in staff meetings, business employees should be prepared to
A. remain silent.
B. join in the discussion.
C. comment on every detail.
D. argue.
No Status
14. Which of the following statements best describes positive customer relations:
A. A business conducts 100 customer transactions per day.
B. A business listens to customer feedback.
C. A business has no customer complaints.
D. A business advertises to attract new customers.
No Status
15. Selling customer information is
A. a very uncommon practice.
B. both illegal and unethical.
C. legal but may be unethical.
D. illegal.
No Status
16. Michelle is trying to decide which goods and services to purchase so that she can get maximum satisfaction. Michelle is
A. economizing.
B. creating scarcity.
C. a producer.
D. increasing distribution.
No Status
17. What type of utility exists when a food processor converts peanuts to peanut butter?
A. Possession
B. Time
C. Place
D. Form
No Status
18. What characteristic has the globalization trend made it necessary for adaptable organizations to display?
A. Strong leadership
B. Cultural intelligence
C. Agility
D. Cohesiveness
No Status
19. Current profits for a business are high. An appropriate course of action for this business would be to
A. increase its advertising.
B. watch its competitors.
C. raise its prices.
D. reduce its staff.
No Status
20. What type of tax are businesses required ta pay on the profits they eam?
A. Excise
B. Income
C. Sales
D. Property
No Status
21. Consumers benefit from an increase in gross domestic product (GDP) in all the following ways except from
A. the creation of new and additional jobs.
B. decreases in prices on consumer products.
C. a higher standard of living.
D. increases in levels of government services.
No Status
22. Which of the following economic factors strengthens currency value:
A. A trade deficit
B. High interest rates
C. High government debt
D. Increased inflation
No Status
23. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people usually are
A. impatient.
B. prosperous.
C. transparent.
D. motivated.
No Status
24. Kellie works at a local computer store. She is always ready to work, willing to help any of her coworkers when they need it, and really cares about the work that she does for the store. Which of the following traits is Kellie demonstrating:
A. Self-control
B. Cooperativeness
C. Orderliness
D. Industriousness
No Status
25. Finishing tasks with care means that
A. your project will succeed.
B. your teacher or boss is happy.
C. the tasks are completed on time.
D. the tasks have been triple checked.
No Status
26. Which of the following is a true statement regarding taking responsibility for decisions and actions:
A. Taking responsibility is something you do only one time.
B. There are times when you aren't responsible for your own decisions and actions.
C. Responsibility is more important for big decisions and actions.
D. You are not responsible for the decisions and actions of others.
No Status
27. Which of the following is an accurate description of persuasion:
A. Influencing people to change their attitudes
B. Forcing your ideas or opinions on others
C. Losing your temper
D. Intimidating people into agreeing with you
No Status
28. Because Emma wants to excel in her job, she talks with her manager to get suggestions for ways in which she can improve her efficiency and work quality. Emma is exhibiting an achievement orientation by
A. setting goals.
B. taking risks.
C. being patient.
D. soliciting feedback.
No Status
29. When management and employees see the same image of what the business is capable of being in the future, they are sharing a(n)
A. vision.
B. goal.
C. dream.
D. idea.
No Status
30. The primary benefit of work group interdependence among a business's employees is to ensure the
A. growth of self-reliance among workers.
B. achievement of common goals and mutual benefits.
C. satisfaction of each individual worker.
D. development of a common perspective.
No Status
31. Last month, Monica used her Old Navy credit card to purchase $200 worth of clothing and accessories. When Monica received the bill, it stated that she had to make a minimum payment of $20. This is an example of a(n) credit account.
A. installment
B. revolving
C. budget
D. service
No Status
32. You are more likely to achieve your goals if they are
A. based on needs only.
B. written down.
C. long term.
D. short term.
No Status
33. What is one way you can prevent identity theft?
A. Throw away all credit card statements, receipts, and credit offers.
B. Only give out personal information when the other person initiated the contact.
C. Memorize your social security number, and keep your card at hame.
D. Only give out personal information to someone who says s/he works for a legitimate company.
No Status
34. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
B. Land, cash, and mortgage
C. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment
D. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory
No Status
35. As Ross develops his departmental budget, he must demonstrate the need for every expense and not rely on historical data. What method of budgeting is Ross using?
A. Relational
B. Rolling
C. Zero-based
D. Master
No Status
36. Changes in accounts receivable are reflected in
A. financing.
B. investing.
C. cash from operations.
D. net income.
No Status
37. One way that the use of computer technology benefits human resources management is by
A. reducing the need to interview candidates.
B. electronically processing information.
C. quickly delegating work assignments.
D. analyzing valuable feedback.
No Status
38. Which of the following is an example of tacit knowledge:
A. Checking email
B. Riding a bicycle
C. Verifying facts
D. inventing a product
No Status
39. Camilla is being promoted and is training Cecily to take over her current position. To help Cecily acclimate to her new job, Camilla gives Cecily some tips that might help her process her work more efficiently. What does this example illustrate?
A. Cecily should develop her own way of doing things because it is likely to be better than Camilla’s way.
B. Cecily should be cautious about the information that Camilla is giving her because it is probably incorrect.
C. Camilla is providing too much information and is likely to confuse and frustrate Cecily.
D. Camilla is exhibiting ethical behavior by passing along personal knowledge to help Cecily learn how to do her job.
No Status
40. As part of its knowledge-management program, a business uses a special computer application to help detect and record unexpected issues that occur during the production process. This program allows many staff members to obtain and share information to resolve the problem quickly. This is an example of a business effectively using
A. a public domain database.
B. mind-mapping software.
C. incident-management software.
D. an accounting database.
No Status
41. Mara recently accepted a job with the Sweet Treat Cookie Company. Her new employer required her to sign a document stating that she will not reveal the ingredients in the company's cookie recipes to external sources. This is an example of a(n)
A. injunction.
B. indictment.
C. noncompete provision.
D. nondisclosure agreement.
No Status
42. A serious accident occurred on Putnam Chemical Company's production line. A Putnam employee questioned the employees who were working during the accident to gather information about the situation. The company plans to use the gathered knowledge to determine the cause of the accident and to develop an action plan to prevent similar problems in the future. What technique did the company use to capture knowledge?
A. Creative problem solving
B. Brainstorming survey
C. Critical incident interview
D. Employee performance review
No Status
43. Complex buying behavior is most likely involved when the customer is purchasing
A. a meal.
B. a car.
C. socks.
D. gasoline.
No Status
44. While researching information for a business report, Tara reads the following statement in an online newspaper article: "Although unemployment has dropped slightly over the past few months, many politicians have indicated that they believe the government has done enough to get our country out of this recession." This is an example of information that contains
A. poll data.
B. historical facts.
C. statistics.
D. criticism.
No Status
45. Which of the following is an ethical dilemma related to an employee providing information in the workplace:
A. A customer asks Kate to mail a complete product catalog and a comprehensive price list to his/her business.
B. Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes that his previous employer uses.
C. Melinda and two of her coworkers talk about their plans to work overtime next weekend.
D. Steven advises a customer that Simpson Electronics does not provide personal information to other companies without the customer's consent.
No Status
46. Aaron is conducting an online search for an article entitled "How to Make Good Decisions as a Team." The author's name is Les McKeown. Which of the fallowing queries will provide Aaron the fewest and most accurate results?
A. make decisions team - mckeown
B. “how to make decisions as a team” OR “I mckeown”
C. “how to make good decisions as a team” “les mckeown”
D. {make decisions team} + mckeown
No Status
47. The BRW Company currently has a computer system in which it uses a variety of computer applications that operate independently of one another. The company wants to upgrade its technology to accommodate its expansion. Which of the following technological options will enable employees at all locations to have access to the same data at the same time and increase the company's overall operating efficiency:
A. A global positioning system
B. Design applications
C. Integrated software
D. Digital forensics
No Status
48. Which of the following is a major consideration when selecting project-management software:
A. Team members’ preferences
B. Legal business structure
C. Budgeting method
D. Vendor technical support
No Status
49. A company switched to a new database, but only the IT professionals in charge of the change were aware of it until it had already occurred. The company failed to
A. track changes in data.
B. adapt to new technology.
C. communicate data change.
D. attend to industry trends.
No Status
50. As the use of information-management systems continues to grow, it is important for businesses to be concerned with their customers'
A. rights to privacy.
B. access to credit.
C. level of service.
D. need for information.
No Status
51. One reason for a business to monitor its internal records is to obtain information that it can use to
A. understand global economic conditions.
B. track the activities of its competitors.
C. handle employee problems and complaints.
D. make decisions about future operations.
No Status
52. Maintenance and repairs is an operations activity that includes
A. site selection.
B. production planning.
C. custodial work.
D. financial analysis.
No Status
53. What authorization does Guido's Pizza Shop need to obtain to operate legally within its city’s limits?
A. Real-estate license
B. Health-department permit
C. Transportation certificate
D. Search warrant
No Status
54. It is important to report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations
A. to protect business records.
B. to ensure that the business pays a fine.
C. to support whistleblowing policies.
D. to correct dangerous situations.
No Status
55. Which of the following actions should employees take to prioritize their work:
A. Multi-task
B. Work overtime
C. Develop a to-do list
D. Change deadlines
No Status
56. Dexter must receive information from Isabelle before he can complete a task. After completing his work, Dexter prepares a form to send to Amy, so she can perform her tasks. The activities are coordinated in a way that the work must be completed
A. sequentially.
B. simultaneously.
C. quickly.
D. randomly.
No Status
57. When delegating work to other employees, managers should
A. give employees total freedom and authority.
B. clearly communicate all timelines and deadlines.
C. monitor all employee progress as closely as possible.
D. expect that delegated work will not meet expectations.
No Status
58. A food manufacturer is hoping to improve the efficiency of its production processes. What should the company do first?
A. Analyze its current processes
B. Draft proposed process changes
C. Communicate changes to stakeholders
D. Acquire necessary resources
No Status
59. How does change management differ from risk management?
A. Change management addresses unforeseen circumstances.
B. Risk management is more important than change management.
C. Risk management is not as reliable as change management.
D. Change management refers only to changes made by the client.
No Status
60. If you want to evaluate the results of your project, you must first develop measurable, specific project
A. results.
B. objectives.
C. consequences.
D. hopes.
No Status
61. A business that wants to maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors should
A. automate ordering processes.
B. develop a competitive orientation.
C. share relevant information.
D. request volume discounts.
No Status
62. On what type of purchase order are you most likely to find the following information: This order covers the MRE Manufacturing Company's purchase of 4%" rubber gaskets, Model # 62376 metal washers, and "Y" PVC piping beginning April 10, 2016 through March 31, 2017. The prices stated in your quotation dated January 31, 2014 are effective until March 31, 2017.
A. Referral
B. Custom
C. Service
D. Blanket
No Status
63. A manufacturer stocks casters and decorative hardware to make furniture. What type of inventory is the manufacturer maintaining?
A. MRO goods
B. Finished goods
C. Perpetual
D. Work-in-progress
No Status
64. What is the key to effective use of concessions during a negotiation with a vendor?
A. Obtain leverage by refusing to give up anything.
B. Concede on minor points before major points.
C. Allow minimal room for concessions before negotiations begin.
D. Portray important concessions as more valuable than they really are.
No Status
65. Why is routing an important production activity?
A. Routing issues orders for production to start.
B. Routing establishes the production path of inputs.
C. Routing establishes a timetable for production.
D. Routing establishes company standards.
No Status
66. Salespeople can help the business to control selling expenses by
A. pressuring customers to make quick decisions.
B. trying to handle several sales at one time.
C. straightening goods disarranged by customers.
D. allowing customers to locate items themselves.
No Status
67. The Coleman Company analyzes its activities from four different but interrelated perspectives—financial processes, overall business processes, organizational learning and knowledge, and customers. What analytical tool is the Coleman Company using?
A. Income statement
B. Balanced scorecard
C. SWOT analysis
D. Accounting ratio
No Status
68. Before beginning a new project, a manager who uses business process thinking would most likely
A. create a list of things that employees should avoid doing during the project.
B. explain to employees the end-result that s/he wants to achieve from the project.
C. determine the steps that employees need to follow to complete the project.
D. examine the financial implications of the project to make sure it will be profitable.
No Status
69. An internet and cable provider is considering whether to implement a new process that would require its customer service agents to work the phone lines for 24 hours a day instead of the previous 12 hours a day. What type of factor will most likely impact the design of this new process?
A. Regulatory
B. Human
C. Technological
D. Environmental
No Status
70. A pet food manufacturing plant recently had a major power outage that prevented it from producing its products for several weeks. Because of the outage, many pet stores ran out of inventory and were unable to restock. Which of the following is most likely to occur as a result of the power outage:
A. Increased sales of the manufacturer's pet food
B. Customer dissatisfaction with the manufacturer
C. Customer satisfaction with the manufacturer
D. Improved manufacturer-supplier relationship
No Status
71. Which of the following is an example of how technology can impact supply chain management:
A. A major hurricane damages several storage facilities and causes delivery delays.
B. A consulting company hires 50 new entry-level information technology employees.
C. A manufacturing firm tracks its inventory using a digital warehouse management system.
D. A new law is passed requiring distribution centers to follow additional safety regulations.
No Status
72. A steel manufacturing plant was forced to shut down operations for several weeks after being hit by a major tornado. The manufacturing company's is likely to be influenced as a result.
A. supply chain network
B. chain of command
C. marketing department
D. advertising budget
No Status
73. An American clothing company manufactures most of its apparel overseas in an effort to cut costs. The company was faced with international backlash and declining sales when one of its factories was found to be in violation of numerous workplace safety laws. This is an example of which of the following global supply chain issues:
A. Time zone differences
B. Language barriers
C. Accountability and compliance
D. Delivery and shipping delays
No Status
74. Peter is a marketing manager for a company. When he informs the company that he is leaving, what should the company do to protect its digital assets?
A. Delete Peter's files immediately to ensure security.
B. Remove backups of all of Peter's data and files,
C. Retrieve Peter's work-related usernames and passwords.
D. Store Peter's personal information in a database.
No Status
75. Riley is working with a design firm on a promotional campaign. The designer gives her a USB drive with some possible layouts to review. To ensure she is protecting the customer data on her computer, Riley should
A. delete customer information before opening it.
B. refuse to open the files.
C. scan the drive for viruses before opening it.
D. fire the design firm.
No Status
76. When a large group of young people moves into a neighborhood, neighborhood businesses may try to develop new products to suit their needs. Which source of innovation does this illustrate?
A. Experience
B. Demographics
C. Accidents
D. Looking toward the past
No Status
77. Which of the following is a true statement about time management:
A. Time management requires a lot of work.
B. Time management drains the fun out of life.
C. Time management is a matter of common sense.
D. Time management can be kept very simple.
No Status
78. Which of the following is a career area in marketing:
A. Banking services
B. Administrative services
C. General management
D. Merchandising
No Status
79. As anew business owner, Thomas is willing to work long hours, watch his spending, and sacrifice his social life to focus on building his clientele. What entrepreneurial trait is Thomas exhibiting?
A. Determination
B. Humility
C. Organization
D. Objectivity
No Status
80. Which of the following employees has a supply chain management career:
A. lan is in charge of employee benefits.
B. Rose orients new employees.
C. Lena is in charge of demand forecasting.
D. Saeed interviews potential employees.
No Status
81. After a job interview, you realize that you forgot to mention something important during the interview. What action should you take?
A. Fax an urgent message to the interviewer.
B. Phone the interviewer to explain it.
C. Mention it in a follow-up letter.
D. Go back to the business to tell the interviewer.
No Status
82. Which of the following is a true statement about the work breakdown structure (WBS) in project management:
A. Each work package should take between eight and 80 hours to complete.
B. The project scope remains the same after making changes to the WBS.
C. The project manager should require team members to approve the WBS.
D. Team members develop the WBS dictionary after they carry out their work tasks.
No Status
83. Which of the following is a threat to the successful completion of a project:
A. Effective security devices
B. Computer programming flaws
C. Budgeting methods
D. Contingency plans
No Status
84. Team members Mary and Evan disagreed about the way to handle a technical issue that was negatively affecting their work on a project. Tia, the project manager, calmly listened to both team members’ points of view and worked with them to develop a plan of action to correct the issue. In this situation, Tia was
A. reassigning tasks to increase efficiency.
B. mediating a conflict to resolve a problem.
C. analyzing the work breakdown structure.
D. implementing team-building activities.
No Status
85. Kevin is planning to paint a house. He draws a simple graph that shows the sequence of tasks that will be done from beginning to end of the project. For example: 1) Buy supplies, 2) Prepare house for painting 3) Paint house, and so on. This is an example of a
A. scope management plan.
B. work breakdown structure.
C. network diagram.
D. project charter.
No Status
86. During what phase of the project does the project manager release the project's equipment, supplies, and team members?
A. Implementation
B. Closing
C. Planning
D. Definition
No Status
87. Which of the following is a process that weeds out defective products after they've been created:
A. Quality improvement
B. Quality assurance
C. Quality control
D. Quality command
No Status
88. Which of the following is a true statement about the Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) framework for quality improvement:
A. CMMI helps a business improve quality by linking specific activities with organizational goals.
B. It is used primarily to continuously improve a business's product-development processes.
C. CMMI improves efficiency by dividing the company into separate organizational functions.
D. It focuses improvement at the highest organizational level rather than by division or project.
No Status
89. Which of the following is a business potential benefit of implementing continuous quality improvement processes:
A. Increased revenue
B. Lower productivity
C. Decreased demand
D. Higher costs
No Status
90. One way for a company to manage its risk in relation to its employees’ workplace behavior is by
A. allowing employees to view all company records.
B. providing employees with the flexibility to change company policies.
C. encouraging employees to report workplace misconduct.
D. permitting employees to use company resources for personal use.
No Status
91. To limit the access of employees to clients' confidential information, a financial business might require the employees to
A. restrict digital signature options.
B. develop a routing system.
C. use computer passwords.
D. limit their use of the Internet.
No Status
92. Lower premiums and the ability to control the claims process are advantages of
A. reinsurance carriers.
B. traditional liability insurance policies.
C. standard insurance companies.
D. captive insurance companies.
No Status
93. Management is divided into major functions, two of which are
A. organizing and producing.
B. staffing and supervising.
C. controlling and directing.
D. analyzing and planning.
No Status
94. Which of the following questions should effective managerial planning answer:
A. Who will do the work?
B. What do we want to do?
C. Did we accomplish our goals?
D. How will we monitor the work effort?
No Status
95. What is a primary consideration when organizing employees' workloads?
A. Time management
B. Disciplinary procedures
C. Feedback methods
D. Reward system
No Status
96. What is the first step in the staffing process?
A. Assessing recruitment channels
B. Writing a job description
C. Researching pay scales
D. Identifying the desired job skills
No Status
97. Why is directing an important management function in business?
A. It helps clarify the employee's role in the business.
B. It helps the business set organizational goals.
C. It is responsible for developing positive relationships among coworkers.
D. It is responsible for creating the business's vision and purpose.
No Status
98. The function of managerial control involves comparing what was planned with the
A. primary goals.
B. actual results.
C. operating policies.
D. established strategies.
No Status
99. Antonio has been tasked with helping the accounting staff at his company make the transition to a new record-keeping software. He has been instructed to facilitate training sessions, answer employee questions, and show the staff how the new software will help make their jobs easier. Antonio is performing management.
A. operations
B. human resource
C. change
D. supply chain
No Status
100. What occurs during the first stage of the change-management life cycle?
A. Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees.
B. Organizations engage in dialogue to determine how to best implement change.
C. Organizations agree on a strategic plan for implementing the desired change.
D. Organizations carry out a strategic plan for implementing desired change.
No Status
Test 1164
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. To cross the street, you must use a crosswalk and wait until the appropriate traffic signal appears. This is an example of a
A. jurisdiction.
B. penalty.
C. regulation.
D. law.
No Status
2. A debtor-creditor relationship exists when
A. a contract is invalidated.
B. a sale is paid in full.
C. interest is charged.
D. stocks are liquidated.
No Status
3. Jon sues his former employer for harassment. In what situation would the employer be likely to offer Jon a settlement?
A. The employer does not think it will be able to win the case.
B. The employer knows it will be able to win the case.
C. The employer wants the case to go to court.
D. Jon does not think he will be able to win the case.
No Status
4. The litigation process begins when
A. the parties reach a settlement.
B. the defendant files an answer with the court.
C. the plaintiff files a complaint with the court.
D. an appeal is considered.
No Status
5. Which of the following is a criterion for evaluating the reliability of a source:
A. Length
B. Timeliness
C. Style
D. Type of source
No Status
6. Which of the following is a legitimate response for an employee to provide to a customer regarding an inquiry about product pricing:
A. You'll need to contact the appropriate person to get the price.
B. I'm not sure what the pricing is.
C. If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer.
D. I'm pretty sure that the item costs $39.65.
No Status
7. All calls coming into a business should end as pleasantly as possible in order to
A. leave a good last impression with callers.
B. make the best use of your time.
C. help you to get a good review.
D. provide callers with accurate information.
No Status
8. Rachel says to the audience, "Now that you have some insight about the nature of the problem, I'll discuss the methodology that our firms used to conduct the research." This statement is an example of a(n)
A. introduction.
B. transition.
C. gesture.
D. conclusion.
No Status
9. Alexis and her team are working on a new project proposal to show their boss. She knows that doing the project their way will be costly and time-consuming, but she also knows that the results will be great. She and her team decide to first present the benefits of the project and then draw the conclusion that investing company time and money would be a good idea. Alexis hopes to convince her boss using
A. inductive organization.
B. deductive organization.
C. chronological order.
D. geographical order.
No Status
10. Which of the following are elements that appear in the heading of a memorandum:
A. To, title, from, and date
B. To, from, date, and subject
C. Date, title, to, and company
D. Company, to, subject, and date
No Status
11. Jessica must develop an analytical report that assesses the product opportunities for 18- to 34-year-old sports enthusiasts in the greater Seattle area. What type of analytical report is Jessica writing?
A. Market analysis
B. Troubleshooting
C. Justification
D. Feasibility
No Status
12. Which of the following is an example of a purpose statement in a research report:
A. In 2005, Sims Research surveyed 150,000 college professors.
B. In this study, we will examine the causes and effects of climate change.
C. The quality of soil may affect plant growth.
D. 2,500 residents reported power outages during the ice storm.
No Status
13. The purpose of participating in staff meetings usually is to
A. share information.
B. achieve a task.
C. conduct research.
D. develop a message.
No Status
14. A business's brand promise is what the business intends to
A. provide the customer.
B. sell to the target market.
C. name its product.
D. use as a trademark.
No Status
15. Customers tend to look at a business as a whole despite the number of __________ they experience.
A. feedback surveys
B. complaints
C. touch points
D. purchases
No Status
16. The overall category of resources that makes it possible for businesses to produce the goods and services that consumers want to buy is __________ resources.
A. economic
B. human
C. capital
D. natural
No Status
17. Service businesses that use goods in order to perform their services usually do not transfer __________ those goods to customers.
A. benefits from
B. usefulness of
C. ownership of
D. information about
No Status
18. Which of the following is a benefit of opening a franchise:
A. A well-known brand name
B. Paying royalties
C. Restrictions on products, prices, and location
D. Reliance on raw materials
No Status
19. Which of the following is a reason that a company would decide to offer its products in other countries:
A. To subsidize developing countries
B. To sell obsolete, outdated products
C. To expand to new, untapped markets
D. To provide jobs to people in other countries
No Status
20. Which of the following is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system:
A. Competition
B. Mechanization
C. Production
D. Distribution
No Status
21. Government protects consumers by establishing
A. a measure of effectiveness in government.
B. requirements for product testing.
C. rules to generate competition.
D. laws to monitor the growth of business.
No Status
22. One way that inflation impacts businesses is by
A. increasing productivity.
B. decreasing free trade.
C. increasing prices.
D. decreasing labor costs.
No Status
23. In which of the following situations does a nation have a favorable balance of trade:
A. Exports of $3.5 million and imports of $3.1 million
B. Exports of $4.7 million and imports of $4.8 million
C. Exports of $2.4 million and cash flow of $2.9 million
D. Exports of $1.8 million and foreign aid of $1.5 million
No Status
24. Your interest and enthusiasm can help to create a sense of __________ within your work group.
A. cooperation
B. disagreement
C. security
D. conflict
No Status
25. Which of the following is a possible consequence of taking too much initiative:
A. Improving job performance
B. Causing hard feelings among employees
C. Higher ratings on job evaluations
D. Increased respect from others
No Status
26. Elias always listens to his friends instead of letting his mind wander or getting distracted by his phone. Which trust-building technique is Elias demonstrating?
A. Taking responsibility for your mistakes
B. Communicating often and openly
C. Not sharing confidential information
D. Keeping your promises
No Status
27. Dillon wants to advance quickly in his career with the Orton Company. To impress his boss, Dillon volunteered to take on several extra assignments. Unfortunately, Dillon did not realize how much time was involved to complete all of the work that he had taken on. He rushed to get the Simpson assignment done so he could start work on a complex report. On Tuesday, Dillon's boss called him into his office and told him that the Simpson assignment lacked detail and that more research needed to be done. Now, Dillon is worried that he will not meet the deadlines for the report and other upcoming assignments. What lesson can Dillon learn from this experience?
A. Over-commitment can lead to a lower quality of work.
B. Dillon should have delegated some of the work to his coworkers.
C. It is important to volunteer for projects to obtain a promotion.
D. Dillon should have started on the report before he finished the Simpson assignment.
No Status
28. The main reason that employers offer criticism is so that workers can improve their
A. job performance.
B. ability to get along with others.
C. ability to accept feedback.
D. personal situations.
No Status
29. Valuing diversity means
A. acknowledging differences as problems.
B. ignoring differences.
C. minimizing differences.
D. acknowledging differences as assets.
No Status
30. Norman overheard Gina tell a coworker that the company's operations manager is going to be fired. Should Norman tell the operations manager about the conversation?
A. No. Because if Norman believes that the gossip isn't true, he should confront Gina.
B. No. Gina is gossiping about something that may or may not be true.
C. Yes. The operations manager needs to start looking for another job.
D. Yes. If the operations manager is Norman's boss, Norman should warn him/her about the situation.
No Status
31. Which of the following do individuals usually need to be able to persuade others:
A. Flexibility
B. Credibility
C. Creativity
D. Responsibility
No Status
32. In a consensus-building group, the facilitator is the person who
A. keeps the discussion on track.
B. is in charge of the group.
C. takes notes.
D. makes sure everyone has equal time to speak.
No Status
33. Motivation can be anything that drives a person to pursue a(n)
A. raise at work.
B. certain outcome.
C. achievement award.
D. promotion.
No Status
34. Tayari communicates openly, even when it's difficult. She demonstrates
A. transparency.
B. fairness.
C. viability.
D. accountability.
No Status
35. Which of the following people would make the best entrepreneur:
A. A risk-averse person who wants to work 9 to 5
B. A person who lacks self-confidence
C. A risk-taker who has a strong work ethic
D. A person who often works so hard she makes herself sick
No Status
36. If individuals are not self-employed, which of the following is a type of earned income they might receive:
A. Child support income
B. Vacation pay
C. Interest and dividends
D. Trust disbursements
No Status
37. What source of credit offers its members small loans, installment credit, and low interest rates?
A. Commercial banks
B. Sales finance companies
C. Credit unions
D. Savings and loan associations
No Status
38. Caitlin has three credit cards. She receives her credit card statement for one of the cards and has to decide how to pay the $500 she spent with that card. To pay the least for use of the credit, she should pay with __________ and make the __________ payment.
A. cash; full
B. cash; minimum
C. another card; full
D. another card; minimum
No Status
39. While George is unable to work because of a back injury, he receives a check every week for 60% of his usual salary. George's check is a benefit of his __________ insurance.
A. cash-value
B. disability
C. liability
D. bodily injury
No Status
40. A primary reason governments regulate business accounting practices is to
A. balance the business's budget.
B. certify aging accounts.
C. stabilize tax revenue.
D. ensure consistent reporting.
No Status
41. Who is usually responsible for analyzing a business's income statement?
A. Customers
B. Managers
C. Cashiers
D. Bookkeepers
No Status
42. Nico knows he would never do anything unethical, but he is sure that all of his coworkers are tempted at one point or another. Nico is demonstrating
A. loss aversion.
B. short-term gratification.
C. framing.
D. over-optimism and overconfidence.
No Status
43. If the cash from operating activities is consistently greater than the company's net income, the company's net earnings are of a(n) __________ quality.
A. high
B. low
C. moderate
D. excessive
No Status
44. True or false: Companies without an HR department do not participate in HR management activities.
A. False; in companies without HR departments, all employees participate in HR management activities.
B. True; smaller companies have no need for HR management.
C. True; only HR managers can complete these activities.
D. False; in companies without HR departments, other managers and supervisors participate in HR management activities.
No Status
45. What is the foundation of knowledge management?
A. An unresolved conflict or problem
B. An intangible product to market
C. A place to store unrelated data
D. A willingness to share expertise
No Status
46. To have effective knowledge-management processes, businesses need their employees to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A. argumentative
B. cautious
C. transparent
D. curious
No Status
47. A business establishes virtual workspaces for several project teams in which information and expertise are continuously updated and shared among all of the work teams' members. What form of knowledge-management technology is the business using?
A. Knowledge-mapping tools
B. Remote search engines
C. Knowledge repositories
D. Decision-support systems
No Status
48. The laddering technique is used to capture and change categories of
A. horizontal communication.
B. hierarchical information.
C. meaningless data.
D. redundant knowledge.
No Status
49. Your company had total sales of $5 billion last year, while your industry as a whole sold $50 billion. Your company's sales divided by total industry sales equals 10 percent, or your
A. efficiency.
B. market share.
C. ethics.
D. brand value.
No Status
50. Lamar Enterprises is using a trademark that looks very similar to the Seward Company's trademark. To prevent Lamar from continuing to use the trademark, Seward can take legal action by
A. filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar.
B. charging Lamar with obstruction of justice.
C. requiring Lamar to pay a licensing fee.
D. obtaining an arrest warrant.
No Status
51. What do businesses often develop to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions?
A. Information systems
B. Operating procedures
C. Survey methods
D. Management policies
No Status
52. The capability of combining graphics, text, animation, and sound is a unique characteristic of __________ software programs.
A. communication
B. presentation
C. numeric
D. electronic
No Status
53. Jamal wants to purchase software for his small business that allows him to create text documents, prepare presentations, maintain a customer database, and develop numerical charts. What type of software would best meet Jamal's needs?
A. Word processing
B. Integrated
C. Spreadsheet
D. Trajectory
No Status
54. A project manager must extend the due date of a project activity by three days. What projectmanagement software application will enable the project manager to make the change?
A. Budgeting
B. Publishing
C. Reporting
D. Scheduling
No Status
55. Which of the following types of data analysis suggests a future course of action:
A. Prescriptive analytics
B. Predictive analytics
C. Descriptive analytics
D. Instructive analytics
No Status
56. Which of the following is an accurate description of business records:
A. Documents containing company information
B. Events involving sales employees
C. Reports about retail theft
D. Accounts of customer loyalty
No Status
57. Which of the following is an economic factor that affects business trends:
A. The business cycle
B. Lifestyle changes
C. An aging population
D. Emergence of social media
No Status
58. Which of the following may happen if a business cuts costs:
A. It may pay fewer taxes.
B. It may improve product quality.
C. It may boost its community involvement.
D. It may hire more employees.
No Status
59. If the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) increased requirements for food allergen awareness for all food workers, how would a restaurant's operations likely be affected?
A. Increased margins and sales
B. Faster food service
C. Increased training time and costs
D. Higher employee retention
No Status
60. Businesses can help to prevent accidents in the workplace by
A. controlling human error.
B. establishing safety guidelines.
C. purchasing insurance.
D. buying only accident-proof equipment.
No Status
61. The purpose of depositing large bills in drop boxes upon receipt is to prevent
A. burglary.
B. fraud.
C. robbery.
D. pilferage.
No Status
62. Which of the following situations should be an employee's top priority:
A. Preparing a simple report that is due in one week
B. Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer
C. Faxing a purchase order that a vendor needs by tomorrow afternoon
D. Reading an online newsletter about industry trends
No Status
63. What must be determined before work can be coordinated effectively among team members?
A. Customer-satisfaction levels
B. Technical changes
C. The necessary tasks
D. The employees' requirements
No Status
64. Determining a project's feasibility, developing a statement of work (SoW), creating SMART objectives, and developing a project charter occur during the __________ stage of project management.
A. initiation
B. planning
C. execution
D. closure
No Status
65. Which of the following is the best example of the types of resources it takes to complete a project successfully:
A. Encouragement
B. Food
C. Materials
D. Energy
No Status
66. Which of the following is an important question that a business should ask when selecting a vendor:
A. What is our business's target market?
B. What computer program does the vendor use for its project management processes?
C. Does the vendor have the resources to consistently meet our business's needs?
D. What are our business's strengths and weaknesses?
No Status
67. What is required to maintain favorable relationships with vendors?
A. Ongoing cooperation
B. Limited communication
C. Occasional interaction
D. Full disclosure
No Status
68. The Colbert Company ships 19 cases of model number 328 bolts to SOA Manufacturing Company every other week. This is an example of a(n) __________ purchase order.
A. seasonal
B. advance
C. standing
D. open
No Status
69. Which of the following is an example of a raw material that a business might inventory for production use:
A. Chair
B. Toothpaste
C. Stapler
D. Wood
No Status
70. The Simpson Company is negotiating discount terms with Cornwell Manufacturing, a prospective vendor. During the negotiation, Cornwell states that it is willing to offer Simpson a six-percent discount on orders over $50,000. Although Simpson would rather have an eight-percent discount, it agrees to the terms, hoping to obtain something it wants later in the negotiation. This is an example of a
A. concession.
B. withdrawal.
C. plea.
D. position.
No Status
71. One way that employees can help to control a business's expenses is by
A. rotating stock daily.
B. arriving at work on time.
C. overlooking thefts.
D. handling products casually.
No Status
72. To remain competitive in the marketplace, a company implements processes to identify its internal strengths and weaknesses and its external opportunities and threats. What type of business analysis is the company conducting?
A. Resource allocation
B. Financial leverage
C. PERT
D. SWOT
No Status
73. A business process change would likely be required if a company
A. plans a meeting for Friday.
B. goes out of business.
C. merges with another company.
D. has a profitable quarter.
No Status
74. A disruption in the supply chain can cause a business to
A. stop production.
B. make more money.
C. create happy customers.
D. encourage employees.
No Status
75. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. globalization
B. technology
C. an economic downturn
D. production changes
No Status
76. Supply chain networks are often
A. unimportant.
B. eliminated.
C. redesigned.
D. unprofitable.
No Status
77. One possible downside to choosing overseas suppliers is
A. increased delivery times.
B. increased costs.
C. a simpler supply chain.
D. increased taxes.
No Status
78. What is one way that employees can help their companies protect digital assets?
A. Send out emails to update everyone on security policy changes.
B. Share passwords with everyone in the company.
C. Download documents from unevaluated websites.
D. Follow company policies about giving out personal information.
No Status
79. Lack of exercise, sleep, and adequate relaxation are factors that are likely to have a direct effect on an individual's ability to
A. socialize with coworkers.
B. enter training programs.
C. perform job expectations.
D. learn of new opportunities.
No Status
80. It is important to develop a personal plan of action for goals because
A. a plan guarantees success.
B. goals cannot be achieved without a written plan.
C. a plan helps you to achieve your goals.
D. you can share the plan with others.
No Status
81. A 12-screen movie theater recently opened in your neighborhood. Just a couple of months after it opened for business, the old single-screen drive-in movie theater nearby went out of business. This is an example of
A. creative advantage.
B. competitive advantage.
C. creative destruction.
D. competitive destruction.
No Status
82. Creativity is an important skill to use in
A. calculus.
B. ethics.
C. problem solving.
D. accounting.
No Status
83. Which of the following employees has an operations management career:
A. Samuel manages his company's call center.
B. Kylie is a district manager.
C. Wyatt is in charge of recruiting employees.
D. Valerie trains her company's new employees.
No Status
84. Virgil is looking to gain work experience in graphic design, but he has not been able to secure a part- or full-time position with a company. He decides to bid on jobs online that will pay him a small wage per project he completes. Virgil is __________ to gain valuable work experience.
A. freelancing
B. volunteering
C. interning
D. being an apprentice
No Status
85. In which component of the project's statement of work (SoW) would the following message most likely appear: "Due to the limited amount of time allocated to complete the study, the survey sample size may need to be reduced."
A. Deliverables
B. Purpose
C. Benefits
D. Constraints
No Status
86. Trevor needs to determine the procedures that he needs to follow for a specific project work activity. Trevor can locate that information in the
A. work breakdown structure dictionary.
B. project's statement of work.
C. network diagram.
D. production schedule.
No Status
87. Which of the following is the primary activity performed during the execution phase of a project:
A. Producing
B. Forecasting
C. Financing
D. Arbitrating
No Status
88. Jane said, "Tory, I think you are on the right track. Let's make the modification that you suggested, but do it before you enter the phase 2D data in the computer system." What project-management activity is Jane performing?
A. Resolving conflict
B. Providing feedback
C. Encouraging teamwork
D. Assessing skills
No Status
89. The Six Sigma framework of quality management takes a disciplined approach to continuously providing better quality and
A. changing intermediaries.
B. assessing competitors.
C. lowering costs.
D. increasing visibility.
No Status
90. Although governments and businesses used computers in limited ways for several decades, the development and widespread use of desktop computers emerged in the 1980s in both homes and businesses, drastically changing the way people and businesses interact. What type of improvement does this situation exemplify?
A. Breakthrough
B. Incremental
C. Compliant
D. Supplemental
No Status
91. Which of the following is an ethical issue resulting from internal risks:
A. Boycotting the use of an insurance company that has a reputation for not correcting its mistakes
B. Revealing discounted expenses
C. Selecting an insurance company that considers paying fines a cost of doing business
D. Providing incomplete data for audits
No Status
92. Which of the following is a risk-management application that alerts the appropriate personnel when an unauthorized source has tried to access the business's computer network:
A. Organic scoreboard
B. Automated notification
C. Genetic algorithm
D. Forensic accounting
No Status
93. An automobile manufacturer in Country A purchases parts from a factory in Country B. When Country B suffers a massive earthquake, the automobile manufacturer is forced to put production on hold until it can find another factory to supply the parts. What type of risk does this situation illustrate?
A. Political
B. Employee
C. Environmental
D. Health and safety
No Status
94. Why do top-level managers usually receive high salaries?
A. Their decisions affect the entire company.
B. They are required to attend a great many meetings.
C. They have more experience than others in the company.
D. Their responsibilities involve hands-on supervision.
No Status
95. Serena is determining the specific activities needed to carry out a year-long advertising campaign. Serena is engaged in __________ planning.
A. tactical
B. strategic
C. contingency
D. long-term
No Status
96. The primary purpose of the organizing function of management is to provide
A. leverage.
B. structure.
C. insight.
D. motivation.
No Status
97. Melanie is showing a group of new employees how to perform work-related tasks. What staffing activity is Melanie performing?
A. Appraising
B. Recruiting
C. Interviewing
D. Training
No Status
98. Kate says, "I am very pleased with your progress on the project, Devon. Take the rest of the day off, and we'll talk about the next phase of the project tomorrow." What directing activity is Kate performing?
A. Motivating an employee
B. Establishing a schedule
C. Delegating responsibility
D. Training a worker
No Status
99. What are the three primary characteristics of an effective control system in a business?
A. Responsive, flexible, and transferable
B. Suitable, understandable, and timely
C. Relevant, intangible, and rigid
D. Rigid, economical, and reactionary
No Status
100. Change management occurs in a cycle because
A. organizations always need to change.
B. organizations push for unnecessary change.
C. change is harmful for most companies.
D. change is difficult to implement.
No Status
Test 1174
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Which of the following types of laws is most likely to affect students:
A. Child labor laws
B. Copyright laws
C. Personal injury laws
D. Corporate tax laws
No Status
2. BTA Enterprises used overly aggressive advertising tactics to discredit the MZT Company, its primary competitor. As a result, the MZT Company's sales and stock values have plummeted over the past few months. This situation is an example of
A. misappropriation.
B. negligence.
C. an intentional tort.
D. a criminal offense.
No Status
3. Which of the following is a benefit of settling a case instead of going to trial:
A. Settlements involve a "guilty" and "not guilty" verdict.
B. Settlements ensure a chance at appeal.
C. Settlements are more private.
D. Settlements are less predictable.
No Status
4. What is the first step of the litigation process?
A. The plaintiff files a complaint.
B. The defendant files a complaint.
C. The defendant answers a complaint.
D. The plaintiff answers a complaint.
No Status
5. Which of the following words most accurately describes arbitration:
A. Biased
B. Nonconsensual
C. Confidential
D. Temporary
No Status
6. Which of the following is an example of a procedure:
A. Megan must enter a specific username and password to access her work computer.
B. Glenwood Industries offers dental and optical insurance for all full-time employees.
C. Employees are permitted to wear jeans to work on Fridays.
D. Arron can take two weeks of vacation after he has been with the company for one year.
No Status
7. To provide a legitimate, effective response to an inquiry, you should
A. answer the question immediately.
B. make your answer as long as possible.
C. actively listen to the question.
D. answer the question with a question.
No Status
8. Ethan is writing an outline for an oral presentation he will give in his business class. He knows that if he wants his speech to be effective, he needs to start with a single, complete statement of his main idea, also known as a
A. thesis.
B. conclusion.
C. visual aid.
D. transition.
No Status
9. Which of the following is an example of organizing business information by location:
A. Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch.
B. Ben creates a timeline to illustrate his family's immigration from Ireland.
C. Corinne prepares a real-estate guide that lists homes for sale in ascending order by selling price.
D. Jacob structures a research report by providing the most important information in the first section of the document.
No Status
10. Rosa is writing a business letter to Alex Smith, whom she has never met. Which of the following salutations should Rosa use:
A. Dear Alex Smith:
B. Dear Mr. Smith:
C. To Whom It May Concern:
D. Dear Alex:
No Status
11. Which of the following statements regarding executive summaries is true:
A. You should use jargon, technical language, abbreviations, and slang frequently throughout your executive summary.
B. Your executive summary should be approximately one-fourth to one-third as long as your entire report.
C. You should always write your executive summary before writing the body and appendices of your report.
D. You should sequence the main ideas of your executive summary in the same order that they appear in your full report.
No Status
12. Daniel is developing a complex document that provides supporting evidence that his company made a good decision when it expanded its operations overseas. What type of analytical report is Daniel writing?
A. Cause and effect
B. Feasibility
C. Troubleshooting
D. Justification
No Status
13. The primary purpose of a research report is to
A. support business decisions.
B. organize a problem.
C. summarize gathered information.
D. establish objectives.
No Status
14. Three weeks ago, Mrs. Anderson ordered a blue sweater for her niece's birthday, which was last Tuesday. When the sweater arrived yesterday, Mrs. Anderson called the store to communicate her dissatisfaction with the business. Mrs. Anderson told the store's customer service representative that she wanted to return the sweater because her order did not arrive on time, so she had to buy another gift for her niece's birthday party. Mrs. Anderson's complaint involved
A. the shipment of an incorrect item.
B. undisclosed service charges.
C. poor delivery service.
D. damaged merchandise.
No Status
15. When a business is successful in carrying out its brand promise, it provides its customers with
A. a variety of messages.
B. above-average product quality.
C. consistent experiences.
D. a single touch point.
No Status
16. Kara orders a dress for her school dance on Saturday. If the dress doesn't arrive until the next Monday, it has no __________ utility.
A. time
B. form
C. possession
D. place
No Status
17. A luxury spa has experienced decreased sales. The owner believes the reason is a rise in unemployment in the area. What external environmental factor does this represent?
A. Technological
B. Sociocultural
C. Economic
D. Governmental
No Status
18. Which of the following is an advantage of private enterprise:
A. The freedom to use private property to make a profit
B. Periods of unemployment
C. The equal distribution of property and income
D. The elimination of poverty
No Status
19. When Maura purchased a new car, she was able to get part of the purchase price back from the car's manufacturer. The car's manufacturer engaged in
A. offering rebates.
B. clearance sales.
C. price fixing.
D. nonprice competition.
No Status
20. What is most likely to happen when interest rates rise?
A. The demand for credit increases.
B. Investment activity decreases.
C. Business profitability increases.
D. The value of the dollar decreases.
No Status
21. A society in which group ties are very loose is known as a(n)
A. individualist society.
B. “feminine” society.
C. collectivist society.
D. uncertainty-avoiding society.
No Status
22. Max says, “I'm good at drawing, but Nicole is better at it.” Max is not assessing his personal strengths and weaknesses objectively because he is
A. failing to acknowledge his talents.
B. making false generalizations.
C. comparing himself to others.
D. obtaining input from others.
No Status
23. When you have problems on the job, the recommended approach to take is to
A. communicate with your supervisor.
B. talk things over with your friends.
C. bring it up in a meeting with a client.
D. wait for someone to fix the problems.
No Status
24. Which of the following depicts a situation in which you should stick up for others who are being treated unfairly:
A. Your sister is grounded for failing a math test.
B. Your teacher gives your friend detention for talking in class.
C. A new coworker is asking others to do his work for him.
D. A classmate is given simpler assignments than everyone else.
No Status
25. When a coworker asks for feedback, Elliot is truthful but still tactful. Which characteristic is he displaying?
A. Dependability
B. Honesty
C. Loyalty
D. Consistency
No Status
26. You are more likely to persuade others to take action if you
A. use illogical reasoning.
B. provide supporting facts.
C. overstate the benefits.
D. conceal your credibility.
No Status
27. Noah isn't sure how to finish the project he's working on. He can't ask his boss for guidance because his boss is out of the office. Noah is stressed because of a
A. heavy workload.
B. low salary.
C. lack of job security.
D. lack of direction.
No Status
28. On a team, everyone feels invested and has an equal sense of __________, which increases commitment, productivity, and enjoyment.
A. innovation
B. learning
C. communication
D. ownership
No Status
29. Which of the following best describes what it means to have a vision:
A. Encouraging others to achieve their dreams
B. Setting clear objectives that you want to achieve
C. Being clear-minded and focused at all times
D. Having a mental picture of the ideal future
No Status
30. Which of the following is a typical behavior for a person with a high achievement orientation:
A. Ruthlessness
B. Impatience
C. Persistence
D. Irresponsibility
No Status
31. Sylvia needs to buy a new computer for her company. Instead of bartering for the computer, she uses money to purchase it. Which function of money does this illustrate?
A. Unit of measure
B. Medium of exchange
C. Store of value
D. Double coincidence of wants
No Status
32. The price of raw materials used in manufacturing a product was double what had been projected for the year. Which of the following could the business determine by analyzing its financial information:
A. Variances
B. Equipment costs
C. Supply and demand
D. Errors in forecasting
No Status
33. Which of the following is an example of the principle of transparency/full disclosure:
A. A company regularly sends its accountants to professional development conferences.
B. An accounting firm cannot hire Catherine because her husband works for one of its clients.
C. Tristan adds notes to his financial statements to explain a new company policy.
D. Russell always completes his financial statements on time and without mistakes.
No Status
34. Which of the following is an example of a liability:
A. Cash
B. Stocks and bonds
C. Copyrights
D. Accounts payable
No Status
35. Which of the following best describes the finance function:
A. It is the same as accounting.
B. It boosts the company's growth and reduces risks.
C. It focuses on record-keeping activities.
D. It provides information about the company's finances.
No Status
36. The primary reason for analyzing budget variances is to
A. understand the generally accepted accounting principles.
B. ensure that the business generates a sizable profit.
C. determine where the business is on target and where it is not.
D. make adjustments to the business's operating procedures.
No Status
37. According to the statement of cash flows in a company's annual report, its cash flow from operations last year was $5,260,300 and its capital expenditures were $980,200. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $6,240,500
B. $1,863,391
C. $5,397,164
D. $4,280,100
No Status
38. Which of the following tasks is part of the staffing function of human resources management:
A. Conducting background checks
B. Mediating conflicts
C. Developing benefits plans
D. Determining training needs
No Status
39. Julie just got a promotion and will be transferring to another city, so she plans to spend some time with her replacement, passing on some of her tacit knowledge before she leaves. This is an example of knowledge management being necessary due to
A. innovation.
B. information overload.
C. globalization.
D. turnover.
No Status
40. Because Bob was angry that Laurie received the promotion that he wanted, Bob decided not to tell her about a procedure that he uses to bypass a specific problem with a computer program—a step that would save Laurie and other employees a lot of time. This is an ethical issue that is related to
A. withholding information.
B. unlawful behavior.
C. embezzlement.
D. misleading facts.
No Status
41. Katrina is using a special software program to develop a business chart that shows the employees' expertise and skills and how they access different types of information throughout the organization. What type of software is Katrina using to document the information?
A. Tactical production
B. Intranet
C. Knowledge mapping
D. Accounting
No Status
42. How does the fragmentation of processes help to protect a company's trade secret?
A. The company will not need to monitor any part of the process.
B. It replaces the need to obtain a copyright for intellectual property.
C. Employees' knowledge is limited to a specific part of the process.
D. The need for noncompete agreements is eliminated.
No Status
43. Which of the following is an action that a business can take to capture tacit knowledge from its employees:
A. Obtaining statistical reports from the Internet
B. Holding customer focus groups
C. Developing a competitive analysis
D. Conducting personal interviews
No Status
44. Trevor is a small business owner who usually purchases his janitorial supplies from the store that is located across the street from his office. What is Trevor's buying behavior most likely to be based on?
A. Convenience
B. Brand insistence
C. Price
D. Product dependability
No Status
45. Failing to manage information properly is most likely to cause a business to
A. fail.
B. be unprepared for a disaster.
C. be shut down by the government.
D. save money on technology costs.
No Status
46. Which of the following statements is true of spreadsheets:
A. A column is horizontal, while a row is vertical.
B. “Row” and “column” are interchangeable terms.
C. A cell is where a column and row intersect.
D. A row is where a column and cell intersect.
No Status
47. Stella has just finished designing the web page for her new business. Next, she needs to select a ___________ and register the website's ____________.
A. hyperlink, modem
B. web host, domain name
C. media permit, server
D. file link, ethernet
No Status
48. What is the advantage to using project-management computer software that allows several team members to access project information at the same time?
A. Ensures data accuracy
B. Reduces the need to secure data
C. Enhances collaboration efforts
D. Eliminates the need to analyze variances
No Status
49. Daniela is in charge of moving company data into a new software system. Which of the following is a step she should take:
A. Schedule the change to occur during a project deadline.
B. Avoid telling employees about the change until it is completed.
C. Delete the old software system before installing the new one.
D. Make sure all the data are saved in a backup location.
No Status
50. Records that help businesses keep track of their furniture, equipment, land, and buildings are __________ records.
A. promotional
B. payroll
C. personnel
D. asset
No Status
51. A main reason that environmental scanning is important is so that businesses can be aware of
A. foreign markets.
B. new products and services.
C. competitors' internal environments.
D. potential threats.
No Status
52. Statistical findings indicate that the sales for an automaker's environmentally friendly hybrid cars increased by a minimum of eight percent each quarter last year. Based on the information provided, what can the automaker conclude?
A. The company needs to increase its budget for research and development.
B. Most families care about the environment, but prefer driving SUVs.
C. The automaker should reduce the production of its line of luxury cars.
D. Trends indicate an ongoing demand for more fuel-efficient vehicles.
No Status
53. A corporation is building a facility in the city's business district. The city requires that the facility meet certain size, style, structural, and usage requirements. These requirements are outlined in the town's
A. partnership agreement.
B. health regulations.
C. zoning ordinances.
D. tax code.
No Status
54. Which of the following is a way that employees can help to prevent accidents in the workplace:
A. Practicing general safety procedures
B. Using back muscles to lift objects
C. Being an offensive driver
D. Taking shortcuts on the job
No Status
55. Although your coworker Edward has always been a pessimistic person, his attitude has been very negative lately. He obviously has an extreme dislike for the new manager, and recently, his favorite topics of conversation have been guns and knives. Knowing all this, what should you do?
A. During a staff meeting, accuse Edward of plotting violence
B. Say nothing because Edward will probably calm down soon
C. Call the local sheriff or police chief to discuss Edward's mood
D. Share this information with your supervisor or the HR department
No Status
56. Randy has three tasks that he must complete in the next two days. One task that he must do is to develop the production schedule for next week, which is due by 12:30 p.m. tomorrow and will take him approximately three hours to complete. Randy must also finish a PowerPoint presentation for a meeting at 4:00 p.m. today, which will take him approximately two hours to complete. And, he must prepare and place an order for parts by 1:00 p.m. today, so the order arrives by next Monday. It is currently 12:15 p.m. In what order should Randy prioritize his work load?
A. Develop the production schedule; prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation
B. Prepare and place the order; complete the PowerPoint presentation; develop the production schedule
C. Complete the PowerPoint presentation; prepare and place the order; develop the production schedule
D. Prepare and place the order; develop the production schedule; complete the PowerPoint presentation
No Status
57. Which of the following work tasks must always be completed in designated sequential order:
A. Eve calls on customers, Ted writes the order, and Lily prepares the presentation.
B. Heather checks email, Paul orders supplies, and Leah develops a stock list.
C. Calvin conducts the research, Eva files the report, and Ben reads the instructions.
D. Jack pulls stock, Mary packs the box, and Tim places the order on the truck.
No Status
58. How can a manager encourage employees to be open and honest when reporting on the status of their work?
A. Having employees report as often as possible
B. Listening to employees' conversations
C. Communicating informally with employees
D. Being objective and supportive
No Status
59. What is the first step you should take when streamlining work processes?
A. Ask employees for input.
B. Divide the work process into steps.
C. Define an individual work process.
D. Implement the improvements.
No Status
60. Monroe Manufacturing uses a numerical rating scale to quantify a vendor's activities in a variety of areas, including delivery, service, and quality. What system is Monroe using to evaluate the vendor's performance?
A. Weighted-point
B. Cost-based
C. Applied-tabulation
D. Cycle-oriented
No Status
61. Which of the following actions will help a business maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors:
A. Negotiating aggressively
B. Limiting communication
C. Solving problems together
D. Withholding information
No Status
62. Which of the following is an example of a reorder:
A. Sims Steakhouse received six out of eight cases of glassware on Monday because the vendor ran out of stock.
B. The Powell Company did not order enough paper towels for the month, so it ordered an additional four cases.
C. Mr. and Mrs. Travis ordered a dining-room set in a wood finish that the furniture store doesn't normally carry.
D. Henry's Hardware Store ordered 35 model-N1 hammers and 2 cases of ¼” stainless steel bolts from Franklin Tool Manufacturers.
No Status
63. Which of the following is an example of a business obtaining raw-materials inventory:
A. A snack-food manufacturer orders potatoes, oil, and salt to make its potato chips.
B. A department-store chain orders shirts, ties, and socks from different vendors for resale.
C. A petroleum processing plant orders a replacement part for a large piece of equipment.
D. An accounting firm orders pencils, copy paper, and post-it notes for its staff.
No Status
64. "We can accept the volume pricing that you are offering, but we would like the merchandise to leave your facility within 24 hours, rather than 48 hours, after the order is placed." In this situation, the negotiator wants to obtain
A. more technical support.
B. better lead time.
C. additional discounts.
D. an extended warranty.
No Status
65. Which of the following is a benefit to the business of automating the production process:
A. Less consumer demand
B. Increased capital investment
C. Increased efficiency
D. Reduced computerization
No Status
66. “Big Q” focuses on
A. improving factory conditions.
B. exceeding customer expectations.
C. conforming to specifications.
D. designing and developing products.
No Status
67. Which of the following quality control methods is proactive:
A. Creating a quality assurance checklist
B. Filling out a corrective action report
C. Inspecting finished products
D. Processing customer returns
No Status
68. Which of the following is an activity that falls under supply chain management:
A. Hiring new employees
B. Creating advertising campaigns
C. Forecasting sales
D. Building relationships with vendors
No Status
69. A business often compares its similar financial information from different time periods to
A. detect trends.
B. control markets.
C. evaluate competitors.
D. influence buying behavior.
No Status
70. How does process thinking help organizations?
A. Helps them avoid documenting workflow
B. Enables them to find out who to blame for issues
C. Lets them know why they succeeded or failed
D. Assists them in separating work between departments
No Status
71. How does supply chain management increase customer satisfaction?
A. Enhances data quality
B. Integrates information throughout an organization
C. Improves cash flow
D. Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers
No Status
72. Radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology is becoming more popular than barcodes in supply chain management because it does not require a direct line of sight, can be read at greater distances, and
A. does not have reader collision concerns.
B. is less expensive.
C. can be read much faster.
D. has no chance of privacy problems.
No Status
73. Supply chain network design improves service and reduces cost by aligning purchasing, production, warehousing, inventory, and
A. marketing.
B. transportation.
C. the sales force.
D. promotion.
No Status
74. Longer supply lines, due to globalization, will most likely increase __________ for suppliers.
A. risk
B. speed
C. product quality
D. visibility
No Status
75. The first step of protecting a business's digital assets is taking an inventory. This includes what information is on what media, where the information is located, and
A. order of information importance.
B. how the information is accessed.
C. costs associated with the information.
D. how the information will be used.
No Status
76. Which of the following is a good strategy for protecting digital customer data:
A. Use the same password for all accounts
B. Limit installation of outside software programs
C. Avoid backing up your work
D. Give employees equal access to customer information
No Status
77. Ina is starting a new job, and she wants to be sure she makes a good first impression. Her new employer is likely to expect her to
A. avoid using soft skills.
B. show up no more than 20 minutes late.
C. do her work without asking questions.
D. be respectful to all coworkers.
No Status
78. Kara has natural artistic talent and thinks that she might want to work as an interior designer. Kara's artistic ability is an example of a(n)
A. vision.
B. hobby.
C. mindset.
D. aptitude.
No Status
79. Dara is in charge of quality control at her company. Which type of business management and administration career does she have?
A. Business analytics
B. Operations management
C. Office management
D. Human resources management
No Status
80. When writing a follow-up letter after a job interview, you should
A. use the salutation "Dear Sir or Madam."
B. describe your salary requirements in detail.
C. explain how you meet the business's needs.
D. include your references' contact information.
No Status
81. In comparing trade associations with professional organizations, trade associations are typically more __________-oriented.
A. performance
B. academic
C. profit
D. research
No Status
82. So that a business can achieve its organizational goals, the business's employees must have
A. comprehensive analytical skills.
B. adequate training.
C. detailed reports.
D. unlimited resources.
No Status
83. In which of the following resources is a project team member most likely to find information about the standards and quality-control protocol for project work activities:
A. Project production schedule
B. Statement of work (SOW)
C. Work breakdown structure dictionary
D. Critical path analysis
No Status
84. Reviewing activity status reports helps a project manager to
A. control the project.
B. create barriers.
C. determine project scope.
D. develop specifications.
No Status
85. The team's project manager said, “Leah, your efficiency rate increased by 10 percent this week, which is far above average. You have made great progress in a short time!” In this situation, the project manager is
A. requesting a project update.
B. making a suggestion for improvement.
C. providing evaluative information.
D. supporting a team member's decision.
No Status
86. ABC Builders are two months behind schedule on the mall they are building. Management has decided to “crash” the project. Which of the following is an example of “crashing” a project:
A. Extend the completion date by two months
B. Stop the project and allow another company to finish it
C. Start installing lights now instead of waiting until the painting is complete
D. Hire ten additional construction workers
No Status
87. Which of the following is a question that should be answered when developing the “lessons learned” document:
A. Who are our stakeholders?
B. What equipment should we use?
C. How can we improve?
D. What are the risks?
No Status
88. A water filtering company made some changes to its processes that resulted in better tasting water. This is an example of
A. quality improvement.
B. quality control.
C. opportunity cost.
D. market development.
No Status
89. The focus of the Six Sigma framework involves maximizing overall quality and
A. expanding product lines.
B. hiring qualified employees.
C. preventing problems.
D. emphasizing innovation.
No Status
90. What is the potential benefit to a business that continuously takes action to improve the quality of its goods and services?
A. Increased product options
B. Higher demand
C. Increased premiums
D. Higher costs
No Status
91. Which of the following is a true statement about the role of ethics and business risk:
A. Businesses that follow ethical guidelines often damage their reputations in the marketplace.
B. The unethical behaviors of a business's managers do not affect the business's employees.
C. Businesses that provide ethics-training programs can reduce the business's level of risk.
D. Businesses are not at risk when they assume that their employees understand the importance of ethics.
No Status
92. The MIB Company uses protective computer software programs to minimize losses associated with its customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. purchasing.
B. security.
C. overhead.
D. performance.
No Status
93. Which of the following is the type of action that a business is taking when it continuously monitors the laws that affect its operations for the purpose of minimizing risk:
A. Preventative
B. Corrective
C. Reactive
D. Remedial
No Status
94. The core activity of managerial planning involves
A. determining objectives.
B. modifying behavior.
C. implementing procedures.
D. identifying gains.
No Status
95. An important activity associated with the organizing function of management is
A. developing a blueprint.
B. defining employees' roles.
C. evaluating performance.
D. creating tangible outputs.
No Status
96. Marla and her fellow managers at the Frisco Corporation have determined that rearranging their human resources could increase the company's efficiency. This human resources change is most likely the result of
A. a need for process improvement.
B. a need for new types of skills and experience.
C. a change in government regulations.
D. competitive pressures.
No Status
97. What directing activity involves rewarding employees with positive feedback and monetary incentives?
A. Supervising
B. Motivating
C. Coordinating
D. Producing
No Status
98. Inspecting raw materials before using them to produce finished goods is an example of ___________ control.
A. concurrent
B. feedforward
C. feedback
D. standard
No Status
99. A company is changing over to a new operating system and wants all of its employees to successfully adjust to the change. What can the company do to get all of the employees on board?
A. Let the employees know why the change is important after it has occurred.
B. Execute the change without telling employees to avoid confusing them.
C. Involve only high-ranking employees; lower level employees do not need to be aware of the change.
D. Explain to all employees why the change is needed and how it will help.
No Status
100. Many organizational changes fail because
A. big changes cannot be executed throughout entire companies.
B. companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle.
C. most people are resistant to change.
D. managers give their employees too much time to adjust to changes.
No Status
Test 1185
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Frederic used to own the only pizza place in town until a new place opened up. Even though Frederic's never been to the new pizza place, he tells everyone he meets that the new place uses inferior ingredients and has been investigated by the health department. He even leaves negative reviews of the pizza place online. Which business tort do Frederic's actions fall under?
A. Wrongful interference
B. Unfair competition
C. Copyright infringement
D. Disparagement
No Status
2. When entering into a contract with another business, an agent is the party that represents the
A. consultant.
B. defendant.
C. opposition.
D. principal.
No Status
3. The person who files a lawsuit is the
A. plaintiff.
B. defendant.
C. lawyer.
D. judge.
No Status
4. Why might parties choose to use mediation to solve a dispute?
A. To avoid going to court
B. To spend more money
C. To do less work
D. To get a less personal result
No Status
5. Sasha's science teacher is explaining lab directions to the class. They'll be performing a complicated experiment with many steps that will take about a week. The next day, Sasha tries to remember a step of the directions, but she can't. Which step of following oral directions should Sasha have followed?
A. Eliminate distractions
B. Take notes
C. Make eye contact
D. Acknowledge directions verbally or nonverbally
No Status
6. "This is an exciting new opportunity for you," says Jane's boss. Which of the following nonverbal cues would appropriately reinforce that message?
A. Focusing eyes on the computer
B. Slouching
C. Smiling
D. Looking out the window
No Status
7. Jolie is working in a group in her business class. If she wants to contribute to her group's discussion in a meaningful way, what should she do?
A. Summarize what's been discussed in the conversation
B. Let someone know right away if his/her idea is bad or unrealistic
C. Wait for other people to lead the conversation when it gets silent
D. Ask questions as a way of judging someone else's suggestion
No Status
8. What are the three main purposes of oral presentations?
A. To inform, inspire, and entertain
B. To inform, persuade, and entertain
C. To inform, persuade, and instruct
D. To interview, debate, and entertain
No Status
9. Aaron prepared a detailed report for his supervisor that described several issues that Aaron's work group has been experiencing with a long-term project. Aaron described the most difficult or challenging issues in the beginning of the report and ended the report with the least important points. How did Aaron organize the information in the report?
A. Priority sequence
B. Alphabetical by category
C. Simple to complex
D. Chronological order
No Status
10. Jacob is determining the writing style to use for an analytical report. If most readers are likely to support the report's content, Jacob should format the report for a(n) __________ audience.
A. receptive
B. indecisive
C. argumentative
D. intellectual
No Status
11. Which of the following is the last component of a research report:
A. Recommendations
B. Purpose of the study
C. Background information
D. Methodology
No Status
12. Phoebe is the manager of a small company. One of her employees has been showing up late and missing work frequently. What channel of communication should Phoebe use to discuss this issue with him?
A. A company-wide memo
B. An email message
C. Face-to-face conversation
D. A video conference
No Status
13. When participating in a project-status meeting, it is important for a participant to
A. be prepared to provide an update.
B. monopolize the conversation.
C. provide information about new company policies.
D. take notes for the group.
No Status
14. A customer asks Roger a question about a product, and he isn't sure of the correct answer. He immediately phones his supervisor to get the needed information. Which technique for building positive customer relations does this illustrate?
A. Be thankful.
B. Keep your promises.
C. Pay attention to internal customers.
D. Be helpful.
No Status
15. Today, customer relationship management is considered an important tool in
A. commercial investing.
B. business decision-making.
C. hiring new employees.
D. establishing connections with vendors.
No Status
16. Which of the following is an economic service:
A. Eyeglasses
B. Bottle of perfume
C. Baseball bat
D. Ticket to football game
No Status
17. Which of the following are examples of capital goods:
A. Trucks, drum scanners, and minerals
B. Bull dozers, photocopiers, and roads
C. Tractors, laborers, and cranes
D. Refineries, iron ore, and computers
No Status
18. One reason that businesses use a matrix organizational design is to
A. share human resources.
B. improve employee productivity.
C. segment areas of expertise.
D. standardize business tasks.
No Status
19. Which of the following is an example of a government regulation that affects a business's working conditions:
A. Zoning laws
B. Food inspection
C. Minimum wage
D. Price supports
No Status
20. Which of the following is an item that is subject to an excise tax:
A. Prescription medication
B. Carton of eggs
C. Ski boat
D. Business computer
No Status
21. A company is facing negative returns. Which stage of production is the company in?
A. Second
B. Third
C. Fourth
D. First
No Status
22. Which of the following is a true statement about gross domestic product (GDP):
A. Improved use of resources increases the GDP.
B. The underground economy overstates the GDP.
C. It is easy to measure the GDP accurately.
D. A decrease in GDP results in a higher standard of living.
No Status
23. Which of the following illustrates the impact of a country's history on world trade:
A. Countries with widely different religious beliefs have difficulty establishing trust.
B. Countries that have engaged in war conflicts have difficulty establishing trust.
C. Countries speaking different languages have difficulty understanding each other.
D. Countries that are adjacent to each other have more opportunities for conflict.
No Status
24. One good way to raise your level of self-esteem when it has dropped is to
A. discuss your feelings with someone you trust.
B. withdraw from activities for a while.
C. reanalyze all your past mistakes.
D. keep your feelings to yourself.
No Status
25. Workers can demonstrate their honesty and integrity by giving a fair amount of ___________ for their pay.
A. worry
B. concern
C. effort
D. loyalty
No Status
26. For two hours a day, Jacob shuts his office door to prevent interruptions, does not check email, and does not accept incoming phone calls. This enables Jacob to focus on his most important tasks. What technique is Jacob using to help him manage his work commitments effectively?
A. Eliminating the use of technological tools
B. Delegating his workload
C. Controlling environmental distractions
D. Developing a detailed "to-do" list
No Status
27. How does having a sense of humor help you maintain a positive attitude?
A. It encourages you to give your appearance the attention it deserves.
B. If you hang out with positive people, you'll be positive as well.
C. It is easier to maintain a positive attitude when you're healthy.
D. It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously.
No Status
28. When people make you angry or upset, you may be able to maintain your self-control if you
A. frown to indicate your displeasure.
B. use language to vent your anger.
C. adopt a defensive attitude.
D. make an effort to remain calm.
No Status
29. Which of the following is an internal source of feedback:
A. Teachers
B. Yourself
C. Friends
D. Employers
No Status
30. Which of the following is an example of violating a coworker's privacy in the workplace:
A. Thomas changed the wording on Carrie's report with her approval.
B. Ruby saw that her coworkers were having a serious discussion, so she walked away.
C. Joe needed a pen, so he opened Ali's desk drawer to look for one while she was away.
D. Paige sent a personal email from her work computer to her friend Alan.
No Status
31. Which of the following is a true statement about secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. They are mental aptitudes.
B. They are physical traits.
C. They are determined by a person's subculture.
D. They can change over time.
No Status
32. During a staff meeting, Matthew says, "In closing, I want to congratulate Shelby, who has been instrumental in landing the Feldman account. This account has the potential to greatly impact our company's sales." Matthew is motivating an employee by
A. providing her with a monetary reward.
B. acknowledging her efforts.
C. giving her new job responsibilities.
D. supporting her ideas.
No Status
33. Frank has a good understanding of his own emotions. What component of emotional intelligence does Frank demonstrate?
A. Social management
B. Self-management
C. Social awareness
D. Self-awareness
No Status
34. Collaborative relationships with colleagues from other departments are beneficial to the business because they often
A. support highly competitive attitudes.
B. prevent workplace conflict.
C. generate innovative ideas.
D. facilitate independent behavior.
No Status
35. John recently expanded his business into another country to reach more of his target market. He was initially thrilled with his company's profits following the expansion until he converted the money back to his domestic currency. At that point, he realized that the company made much less than he originally thought. What risk involved with international business did John experience?
A. International trade agreement changes
B. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations
C. Political unrest in foreign countries
D. The cost of international unionized labor
No Status
36. Which of the following is a disadvantage of a checking account:
A. Overdraft protection
B. Direct payroll deposit
C. Account balance requirement
D. Online transaction options
No Status
37. Justine's rich uncle wants to give her $5,000 toward the purchase of a car. But since Justine doesn't plan to buy the car for at least another year, her uncle told her that she can have the money now, or he can wait and give her the money when she actually buys the car. Justine chooses to take the money now and deposit it in her savings account. After all, her deposit will yield 6% interest compounded annually. A year from now, her $5,000 will be worth $5,300. What financial concept does this scenario illustrate?
A. Time-value of money
B. Dividend reinvestment plan
C. Capital budgeting
D. Accrual accounting
No Status
38. Incorrect information on an individual's credit report may hinder his/her ability to
A. earn interest on stock holdings.
B. withdraw money from a savings account.
C. pay monthly credit card balances.
D. obtain a bank loan.
No Status
39. How do businesses transfer risk?
A. Screen employees
B. Implement security measures
C. Check for hazards
D. Obtain insurance
No Status
40. Emma is reviewing the sales budget in relation to the actual sales generated for a set time frame. How is Emma using financial information in this situation?
A. To compare estimated performance with actual performance
B. To establish new quality standards and benchmarks
C. To identify external economic trends
D. To analyze the impact of aging accounts
No Status
41. When preparing her company's budget, Tatiana's manager told her that the company would be merging with another company. To maintain her ethics, Tatiana should
A. report this information to the SEC.
B. make sure the merger benefits the public interest.
C. maintain her independence.
D. keep this information confidential.
No Status
42. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory
B. Land, cash, and mortgage
C. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
D. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment
No Status
43. According to a company's most recent statement of cash flows, its cash flow from operations for the most recent year was $1,375,400. The net cash used by investing was an outlay of $690,000. The net cash spent on financing was $140,300. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $686,400
B. $549,700
C. $545,100
D. $830,300
No Status
44. Which of the following business trends affects human resources management:
A. Lack of new technology
B. Costs of business going down
C. No restructuring
D. Globalization
No Status
45. Which of the following is an example of receiving tacit knowledge:
A. "Shadowing" a person in your desired career
B. Reading a history textbook
C. Listening to an instructor's lecture
D. Following a recipe
No Status
46. Bailey knows that she has more knowledge about digital marketing than anyone else on her team. She is reluctant to share her knowledge because she wants to give herself an advantage. This is an example of how
A. sharing knowledge builds stronger relationships.
B. it is impossible to get ahead in your career if you share knowledge.
C. knowledge management prevents unethical behavior.
D. self-interest can prevent effective knowledge management.
No Status
47. Corsica Steel Mill has developed a new process to reduce the time it takes to complete a phase of production. To legally protect this new process from unauthorized use, the company should obtain a
A. trade name.
B. copyright.
C. trademark.
D. patent.
No Status
48. Seth recently informed his manager, Tammy, that he is leaving the company. During her last meeting with Seth, Tammy took detailed notes and asked Seth questions about the problems that Seth had encountered on the job and how he handled them. Seth shared important information that his replacement will need to know so s/he can do the job efficiently. What technique is Tammy using to capture knowledge for future use in the organization?
A. Concept mapping
B. Exit interview
C. Data codification
D. Training session
No Status
49. Which of the following factors has the greatest effect on a consumer's buying behavior:
A. Cultural influences
B. Situational influences
C. Individual influences
D. Social influences
No Status
50. Which of the following is an ethical dilemma related to an employee providing information in the workplace:
A. A customer asks Kate to mail a complete product catalog and a comprehensive price list to his/her business.
B. Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes that his previous employer uses.
C. Melinda and two of her coworkers talk about their plans to work overtime next weekend.
D. Steven advises a customer that Simpson Electronics does not provide personal information to other companies without the customer's consent.
No Status
51. Any business storing customers' personal banking account information is legally required to
A. maintain the confidentiality of the stored information.
B. share the information with its competitors.
C. provide the information to the government for tax purposes.
D. provide affiliated banks access to the information.
No Status
52. What technological component manages the computer's software and hardware?
A. Navigation key
B. Power supply
C. Operating system
D. Modem
No Status
53. Which of the following is a characteristic common to all integrated software packages:
A. Performs interrelated functions
B. Calculates break-even points
C. Requires minimal training
D. Includes forecasting tools
No Status
54. Which component of project-management software helps project managers determine the length of time that a series of interdependent tasks will take to complete under various circumstances:
A. Demonstration
B. Critical path
C. Presentation
D. Linear
No Status
55. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. improve service.
B. evaluate ideas.
C. execute promotions.
D. forecast sales.
No Status
56. Maxton Mart is being pressured by its vendors to pay for inventory it purchased more than 30 days ago. However, Maxton Mart has not received its accounts receivable from customers. What business record has Maxton Mart failed to monitor successfully?
A. Balance sheet
B. Income statement
C. Cash flow
D. Open to buy
No Status
57. A trend currently impacting the business environment is the increased number of fathers who are directly involved in care giving for their children. This trend represents a change in
A. society and culture.
B. demographics.
C. the economy.
D. competition.
No Status
58. The owner of a business facility that has hazardous electrical wiring is likely to be fined for violating
A. affirmative-action initiatives.
B. federal trade laws.
C. local building codes.
D. electronic communication regulations.
No Status
59. Which of the following is an example of employee pilferage:
A. Hacking into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets
B. Changing the amount specified on a check you prepare for the company with authorization
C. Installing personally owned software on your workplace computer
D. Padding an expense account
No Status
60. Lily is the last employee to leave the building today. To reduce the risk of theft, Lily should __________ before she __________.
A. set the security alarm; locks the doors
B. turn off the lights; sets the security alarm
C. turn on the surveillance camera; adjusts the thermostat
D. adjust the thermostat; turns on the surveillance camera
No Status
61. Which of the following is the most important factor to consider when prioritizing work tasks:
A. Enjoyment of tasks
B. Due dates of tasks
C. Coworkers' opinions
D. Employee's aptitude
No Status
62. When delegating work to their employees, managers should make sure to clearly articulate their
A. preference for quantity of work over quality.
B. rules and consequences for breaking them.
C. punishment for staff that fail to meet the deadline.
D. desired outcomes for the project.
No Status
63. What the project will and will not include is called the
A. plan.
B. scope.
C. risk.
D. quality.
No Status
64. Determining which tasks need to be performed and when they need to be completed is an important aspect of project
A. planning.
B. initiating.
C. executing.
D. closing.
No Status
65. Which of the following do purchasing personnel try to obtain, along with the lowest possible price:
A. Security
B. Loyalty
C. Quality
D. Publicity
No Status
66. When companies work with their vendors to develop mutually beneficial business arrangements, they are more likely to
A. double their profit margins.
B. maintain long-term relationships.
C. experience vertical conflict.
D. experience horizontal conflict.
No Status
67. What is most likely to happen if a purchaser negotiates lower prices for raw materials?
A. The company will be limited in which type of materials can be purchased.
B. The company will be able to purchase more materials and increase production.
C. Increases in productivity will lead to higher costs.
D. Communication processes will be improved.
No Status
68. When is a business most likely to place a straight reorder with a vendor?
A. To replenish its regularly-stocked items
B. To accommodate customers' unique requests
C. To order seasonal merchandise
D. To change the quantities of items that it routinely orders
No Status
69. Why does a business keep stock on hand for resale?
A. So it can buy raw materials
B. So it can produce manufactured goods
C. To use it in business operations
D. To sell it to end users
No Status
70. What should businesses do before negotiating with vendors?
A. Make minor concessions
B. Implement aggressive tactics
C. Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses
D. Adopt a win-lose attitude
No Status
71. Acceptance sampling is a part of statistical quality control that involves
A. identifying the cause of quality problems.
B. filling out control charts.
C. determining whether to approve or reject an entire batch of products.
D. painting a picture with descriptive statistics.
No Status
72. Mitchell is reviewing internal data and proposals from several agencies to determine the best course of action for implementing a major advertising campaign for his company. What is Mitchell analyzing?
A. Financial status
B. Operating schedule
C. Promotional needs
D. Human resources
No Status
73. An Internet and cable provider is considering whether to implement a new process that would require its customer service agents to work the phone lines for 24 hours a day instead of the previous 12 hours a day. What type of factor will most likely impact the design of this new process?
A. Environmental
B. Regulatory
C. Technological
D. Human
No Status
74. Technology impacts just-in-time inventory management by
A. increasing warehouse storage costs.
B. eliminating the need for supplier relationships.
C. causing disruptions in the supply chain.
D. allowing inventory to be monitored regularly.
No Status
75. Supply chain networks encompass the flow and movement of __________ among __________.
A. classified information; protest groups
B. employees and customers; governments
C. government officials; Fortune 500 companies
D. materials and information; organizations
No Status
76. An American car manufacturer exports many of its automobiles to Asia. A recent delivery to China was detained at Chinese customs due to a miscommunication between the English-speaking barge operator and the Mandarin-speaking shipyard receiver. This is an example of which of the following global supply chain issues:
A. Cultural conflicts
B. Accountability and compliance
C. Time zone differences
D. Language barriers
No Status
77. How can a company hold employees accountable for protecting digital assets?
A. Encryption software
B. An effective laptop security policy
C. Project management software
D. Background checks
No Status
78. Riley is working with a design firm on a promotional campaign. The designer gives her a USB drive with some possible layouts to review. To ensure she is protecting the customer data on her computer, Riley should
A. fire the design firm.
B. refuse to open the files.
C. delete customer information before opening it.
D. scan the drive for viruses before opening it.
No Status
79. When it gets noisy in her workspace, Olivia puts on her headphones and listens to soft music while she works. What principle of time management is Olivia following?
A. Dividing large projects into smaller parts
B. Knowing how she works best
C. Making the most of her down time
D. Focusing on personal goals rather than work tasks
No Status
80. Which of the following is an example of an employee who is meeting his/her employer's expectations:
A. Tom spends the first half hour of the workday chatting with Kate.
B. Allison focuses on her work tasks so she can meet her deadlines.
C. Rachel sends a text message to her roommate during a meeting.
D. Calvin tells a customer about his issues with a difficult coworker.
No Status
81. Cameron supervises the transportation, storage, and handling of his company's products. Which type of business management and administration career does Cameron have?
A. Office management
B. Business analytics
C. Supply chain management
D. Human resources management
No Status
82. What would be the best response to write on a job application form for the reason that you left your last job if you quit because you felt your supervisor was unfair?
A. Unable to get along with supervisor
B. Left for a better job
C. Unfair supervisor
D. Unpleasant working environment
No Status
83. Last week, Marcus attended a friend's birthday party and talked with Lynnette, a manager with the Trendall and Young accounting firm. Marcus mentioned that he is a technology major and will be looking for a job after he graduates in June. Lynnette gave Marcus her business card, and told him that her firm might be hiring during the summer months. The interaction between Marcus and Lynnette is an example of
A. social etiquette.
B. professional networking.
C. informal interviewing.
D. community resourcing.
No Status
84. An organization's product goals often involve setting standards for
A. the variety of its goods and services.
B. behavior in the workplace.
C. expenses and income.
D. the target market's expectations.
No Status
85. Which of the following is the sequential order of a project's work breakdown structure:
A. Subtask, task, and work assignment
B. Work assignment, task, and subtask
C. Task, subtask, and work assignment
D. Work assignment, subtask, and task
No Status
86. Which of the following is a primary responsibility of the project manager during the execution phase of a project:
A. Developing a list of work tasks
B. Assembling a steering committee
C. Keeping the project on track
D. Acquiring project supplies and equipment
No Status
87. Which of the following is an example of a project manager motivating a project team:
A. Zoey sends an email requesting each team member provide her with a weekly activity report.
B. Marcus tells Thomas that he might work more efficiently if he performed one task before another one.
C. Ryan advises Samantha that she will need to perform additional duties while Maggie is on vacation.
D. Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members.
No Status
88. After providing the stakeholders with the project deliverables, Lisa analyzed and documented the project's actual results with the initial project goals. What did Lisa do?
A. Prepare a lessons-learned report
B. Conduct a post-implementation review
C. Develop a project-issues log
D. Compose final delivery instructions
No Status
89. A manufacturing company uses Six Sigma as a quality management framework. This means that the company
A. produces only 3.4 defects per million parts.
B. follows the plan-do-check-adjust approach.
C. uses an IT-oriented approach to quality management.
D. has created its own quality management framework.
No Status
90. Which of the following is a potential benefit of implementing continuous quality improvement processes:
A. Decreased demand
B. Lower productivity
C. Increased revenue
D. Higher costs
No Status
91. Madelyn is responsible for selecting Elite Manufacturing Company's new payroll-processing vendor. Madelyn has narrowed down her selection to three vendors and is favoring Pay Day Enterprises, the small company where her brother works. The primary concern with Pay Day is that it has never handled payroll for a company as large as Elite, which presents a business risk to the manufacturing company. This situation illustrates an ethical issue related to
A. levels of service.
B. financial reporting methodology.
C. a conflict of interest.
D. the company's structure.
No Status
92. Using computer-data backup procedures on a regular basis reduces a company's level of risk because the process
A. detects noncompliance issues.
B. prevents hackers from accessing the computer system.
C. saves information when computer failures occur.
D. allows employees to use many applications.
No Status
93. What can a business do if it is exposed to risks that commercial insurance companies do not cover?
A. Establish a risk-management committee
B. Acquire a professional association
C. Create a trade union
D. Form a captive insurance company
No Status
94. Which of the following levels of managers spend most of their time staffing, directing, and controlling the day-to-day activities of the business:
A. Mid-level
B. First-line
C. Executive
D. Regional
No Status
95. What is an advantage of managerial planning?
A. Reduces uncertainty
B. Eliminates errors
C. Decreases the need to delegate work
D. Lessens the need to monitor employees
No Status
96. What management function is responsible for coordinating resources in ways that maximize efficiency?
A. Organizing
B. Staffing
C. Directing
D. Controlling
No Status
97. Which task in the staffing process ensures that employees are knowledgeable and productive?
A. Determining need
B. Recruiting
C. Training and developing
D. Developing compensation plans
No Status
98. A primary activity of the directing function of management is
A. evaluating performance.
B. identifying skills.
C. initiating action.
D. establishing authority.
No Status
99. A primary activity in managerial control is
A. evaluating.
B. delegating.
C. coaching.
D. forecasting.
No Status
100. What occurs during the first stage of the change-management life cycle?
A. Organizations carry out a strategic plan for implementing desired change.
B. Organizations engage in dialogue to determine how to best implement change.
C. Organizations agree on a strategic plan for implementing the desired change.
D. Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees.
No Status
Test 1195
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. What effect do some environmental laws have on businesses?
A. Increase operating costs
B. Require more employees
C. Control exterior landscapes
D. Limit equipment purchases
No Status
2. Nicole's Manicure Salon has operated successfully for the past 15 years. Recently, Nicole decided to expand by offering several people the opportunity to own and operate a Nicole's Manicure Salon in other locations. Which form of business ownership would allow Nicole to attain her goal?
A. Limited partnership
B. Product trade name
C. General partnership
D. Business-format franchise
No Status
3. A company is involved in a lawsuit that it is unlikely to win. What should it do?
A. Settle the case
B. Move to appeal
C. Enter the discovery phase
D. Request a mistrial
No Status
4. The Tafoya Company has discovered that the Bremen Company illegally used Tafoya's trademark. To pursue a legal case for financial compensation, what should Tafoya's legal counsel do first?
A. Issue a summons requiring the Bremen Company to respond to allegations of misusing the trademark.
B. Conduct an examination of discovery to interview all parties involved in the illegal use of the Tafoya trademark.
C. File a formal complaint to the court alleging the Bremen Company's illegal use of the Tafoya trademark.
D. Request that a pretrial conference date be set to clarify all the legal issues that will be discussed during the trial.
No Status
5. The main difference between arbitration and mediation is that
A. arbitration is a nonbinding process.
B. mediation involves a third party.
C. mediation applies to criminal cases.
D. arbitration involves a judgment.
No Status
6. When following directions, it is important to
A. understand the directions without assistance.
B. always follow a sequential order.
C. understand the difference between outcomes and tasks.
D. complete the required tasks as quickly as possible.
No Status
7. To be able to explain and defend their ideas objectively to others, individuals usually need to have effective __________ skills.
A. technical
B. verbal
C. computer
D. reading
No Status
8. A primary use of flow charts in business documents or presentations is to
A. identify trends.
B. explain relationships.
C. compare and contrast data.
D. summarize numerical data.
No Status
9. Which of the following would be a correct salutation in a business letter when you do not know the name of the person to whom you are writing the letter:
A. Dear Accounting Manager:
B. Dear Madam:
C. Dear Sir:
D. Dear Accounting Department:
No Status
10. What type of correspondence has Julia written when she sends several letters to companies requesting product information?
A. A short report
B. An application
C. An inquiry
D. A proposal
No Status
11. Which of the following statements about professional writing standards and manuals is true:
A. Most businesses use a different citation method for each type of report they develop.
B. Some employers use a different style manual than the one that experts suggest.
C. Employers aren't concerned about which writing style their employees use to prepare documents, as long as the reports are accurate.
D. The most widely-used writing style manuals format their bibliographies the same way.
No Status
12. Maggie is writing an analytical report for the company's board of directors. She knows that some of the board members will disagree with the conclusions that she plans to present in the report. What should Maggie do to appeal to these board members?
A. Focus on the evidence that supports her conclusions
B. Include several colorful graphs and diagrams
C. Develop a comprehensive bibliography
D. Provide unrelated facts to distract readers from the primary issue
No Status
13. “The Mason and Lambert Research Group used personal interviews and focus groups to obtain the information for the study.” This statement is most likely to be placed in the __________ section of a research report.
A. abstract
B. methodology
C. introduction
D. results
No Status
14. Which of the following is most likely to happen to employees who are discourteous to the business's customers:
A. They may win an award.
B. They may be promoted.
C. They may be fired.
D. They may lose their benefits.
No Status
15. A business is legally required to create a
A. privacy plan.
B. toll-free number for privacy questions.
C. data encryption plan.
D. website explaining its privacy practices.
No Status
16. Buildings, robots, and blast furnaces that businesses use to produce other goods and services are examples of
A. installations.
B. raw materials.
C. supplies.
D. equipment.
No Status
17. Lev isn't sure if he should purchase a new computer or not. He wants one, but he knows he doesn't have the money to pay for it right now. A salesperson offers him the option to purchase the computer using a payment plan. Since Lev only has to pay a small amount each month, he decides to go ahead with the purchase. Which type of utility did the salesperson create for Lev?
A. Place
B. Time
C. Form
D. Possession
No Status
18. Which of the following demonstrates the interrelationship among primary business activities:
A. A business changes its goals, so its strategies and tactics change, too.
B. One business activity changes, so the others must adjust.
C. A new product is introduced, so business advertisements must adjust.
D. A business manager becomes vice president, so his/her department must adjust to the change.
No Status
19. A business carefully screens all opportunities before investing its profits. This is an example of ___________ risk.
A. retaining
B. avoiding
C. controlling
D. transferring
No Status
20. Vince is very excited to get his first paycheck from his part-time job. He's expecting about $200, but when he sees his weekly paystub, he's disappointed to find out he's actually getting much less. Which tax did Vince forget to take into account:
A. Income tax
B. Property tax
C. Sales tax
D. Excise tax
No Status
21. During difficult economic times, the unemployment rate is often
A. at its lowest.
B. unimportant.
C. understated.
D. not calculated.
No Status
22. Joyce was told by her supervisor that she should take more initiative, use more tact when dealing with customers, and smile more. How should Joyce go about improving these personal traits?
A. Joyce should ignore her supervisor's comments.
B. Joyce should transfer to a different job.
C. Joyce should improve all three traits at once.
D. Joyce should work on one trait at a time.
No Status
23. When Claire tells her supervisor that she made a mistake on the report that she recently submitted, she is demonstrating
A. self-control.
B. enthusiasm.
C. honesty.
D. adaptability.
No Status
24. Which of the following is an example of an employee behaving ethically at work:
A. Accepting credit for a project that a coworker completed
B. Using office supplies for personal business
C. Performing work-related tasks in efficient ways
D. Making social plans with friends on company time
No Status
25. Which of the following is true of recognizing ethical dilemmas:
A. You must also respond to them.
B. They are always obvious.
C. You can ignore them after recognizing them.
D. Choosing the right decision is simple.
No Status
26. Being okay with uncertainty and dealing with it effectively is another way to describe
A. tolerating ambiguity.
B. deviation from the norm.
C. acting with accountability.
D. stepping out of your comfort zone.
No Status
27. Which of the following characteristics is most important for leaders to develop:
A. Extraversion
B. Talent
C. Confidence
D. Confidentiality
No Status
28. When you have the ability to communicate appropriately with teachers, work supervisors, and family members at different times, you are demonstrating adaptability in situations related to
A. unfamiliar conditions.
B. personal interactions.
C. resource availability.
D. planned changes.
No Status
29. Which of the following is a way that leaders appeal to others' emotions to gain commitment toward a shared vision:
A. Sharing stories
B. Providing procedures
C. Insisting on immediate action
D. Using logic
No Status
30. An important aspect of building positive political relationships in the workplace is
A. expressing bias.
B. keeping informed.
C. being passive.
D. offering criticism.
No Status
31. What is one of the main reasons why businesses need to keep accurate accounting records?
A. To eliminate risks
B. To follow procedures
C. To control expenses
D. To regulate taxes
No Status
32. Which of the following is most likely to be a consequence for a business that neglects its financial information:
A. Competitors will perform better.
B. Salespeople might not be prepared.
C. The target market might not be reached.
D. A business might exceed its budget.
No Status
33. The balance sheet of a business showed total assets of $94,841.20 and total liabilities of $11,287.90. Thus, the owner's equity was
A. $94,841.20.
B. $83,553.33.
C. $94,841.02.
D. $83,553.30.
No Status
34. Which of the following is considered an operating expense:
A. Packaging
B. Utilities
C. Stolen items
D. Raw materials
No Status
35. A primary reason that governments regulate corporations' financial activities is to
A. control costs.
B. ensure earnings.
C. limit benefits.
D. protect stockholders.
No Status
36. In business, budgets are prepared for a specific time period, usually a
A. calendar year.
B. fiscal year.
C. quarter at a time.
D. month at a time.
No Status
37. Which of the following airlines is most likely to be undervalued, based on their price-to-cash flow ratios: Sky High Current Stock Price: $14.36 Cash Flow per Share: $5.21 Smooth Flying Current Stock Price: $22.78 Cash Flow per Share: $4.12 Soar the Sky Current Stock Price: $18.50 Cash Flow per Share: $3.59 White Clouds Current Stock Price: $25.81 Cash Flow per Share: $6.94
A. Sky High
B. Smooth Flying
C. Soar the Sky
D. White Clouds
No Status
38. To help new employees become familiar with the business environment and company culture, companies often conduct
A. financial seminars.
B. performance evaluations.
C. application screenings.
D. orientation sessions.
No Status
39. Which of the following is an important technology for knowledge management:
A. Intranet
B. Word-processing software
C. Bookkeeping software
D. VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)
No Status
40. A company hired an experienced engineer, learned about his skills and techniques, and then fired him after a year. What ethical issue is related to this example?
A. Intellectual property
B. Data privacy
C. Research ethics
D. Intentionality
No Status
41. A company experiences problems getting its products to its intermediaries in a timely manner. To determine the best way to improve the flow of goods through its channel members, the company's executive management team accesses information and knowledge that the company has gathered and stored in a specialized computer program. Which of the following technological tools is the business most likely using in this situation:
A. Decision support system
B. Satellite technology
C. Mind mapping software
D. Customer database
No Status
42. A serious accident occurred on Putnam Chemical Company's production line. A Putnam employee questioned the employees who were working during the accident to gather information about the situation. The company plans to use the gathered knowledge to determine the cause of the accident and to develop an action plan to prevent similar problems in the future. What technique did the company use to capture knowledge?
A. Creative problem solving
B. Brainstorming survey
C. Critical incident interview
D. Employee performance review
No Status
43. Before knowledge can be reused or shared, it must be
A. analyzed.
B. embedded.
C. recognized.
D. manipulated.
No Status
44. Quentin wants people to see his restaurant as family-friendly and affordable. Which company goal is Quentin trying to achieve?
A. Support a cause
B. Project a certain image
C. Develop new goods and services
D. Achieve stability
No Status
45. Which of the following is a primary function of information management:
A. Monitoring employees
B. Placing ads
C. Storing data
D. Obtaining credit
No Status
46. One of the roles of ethics in information management involves an individual's right to
A. privacy.
B. safety.
C. dignity.
D. equity.
No Status
47. Computer database programs make it easier for businesses to manage
A. problem-solving skills.
B. large amounts of related information.
C. Internet search engines.
D. customers' buying habits.
No Status
48. Which of the following is the medium that is most appropriate to use for communicating and obtaining in-depth information:
A. Scanner
B. High-definition television
C. Satellite radio
D. Internet
No Status
49. A primary use of project-management software is to
A. develop project standards.
B. define the project's purpose.
C. allocate project resources.
D. evaluate the quality of deliverables.
No Status
50. A company is making big changes to its database. When should the company make these changes?
A. Over the employees' lunch breaks
B. At the beginning of the work week
C. Never—changes should not be made to a database
D. After work hours or when employees have down time
No Status
51. Which of the following is an ongoing population trend that affects how businesses market their goods and services:
A. Consumption
B. Migration
C. Behavior
D. Lifestyle
No Status
52. The BVM Company examined economic and political factors to determine if it should expand its operations. The company obtained the information by conducting a(n) __________ analysis.
A. environmental
B. internal
C. strengths
D. tactical
No Status
53. When the TCC Corporation constructed a large warehouse on its property, it had to ensure that the warehouse met certain structural standards. In this situation, the corporation had to ensure that the warehouse was in compliance with
A. building codes.
B. health ordinances.
C. residential zoning laws.
D. environmental regulations.
No Status
54. What is the advantage to a business that installs external surveillance cameras in prominent locations around its property?
A. Reduces the risk of extortion
B. Discourages attempted burglaries
C. Eliminates the need to install alarms
D. Prevents armed robberies
No Status
55. To establish weekly work priorities, employees should consider developing a list of
A. long-term goals.
B. routinely performed tasks.
C. short-term accomplishments.
D. critical activities.
No Status
56. Dexter must receive information from Isabelle before he can complete a task. After completing his work, Dexter prepares a form to send to Amy, so she can perform her tasks. The activities are coordinated in a way that the work must be completed
A. sequentially.
B. simultaneously.
C. quickly.
D. randomly.
No Status
57. Leah is a manager who delegates some of her tasks to her employees. Which of the following statements is true:
A. Leah must stay in constant communication with her employees about their tasks.
B. The tasks are no longer Leah's responsibilities since she assigned them to employees.
C. Leah needs to sit with the employees to ensure they finish their work.
D. Leah should not have delegated tasks because they are hers to complete.
No Status
58. Marcus is an assembler in a bicycle manufacturing factory. The factory recently introduced new technology that allows Marcus to assemble more bikes per hour than his previous average of 50 bikes per hour. Assuming that he works eight hours per day and five days per week, what is the percentage of increase in production if Marcus assembles 3,150 bikes this week instead of his previous average?
A. 64%
B. 58%
C. 49%
D. 35%
No Status
59. What is the first step you should take when planning a project?
A. Determine quality standards.
B. Identify the project's stakeholders.
C. Identify resources.
D. Develop a draft plan.
No Status
60. What is a way to start determining which parts of a project are most important for you to evaluate?
A. Perform gap analysis.
B. Communicate lessons learned with stakeholders.
C. Consider project goals.
D. Focus on financial data.
No Status
61. A purchasing manager is most likely to send a request for quotation (RFQ) to obtain bids from vendors when
A. there are many qualified sellers.
B. the volume is low.
C. the company has a preferred supplier.
D. there is a short lead time.
No Status
62. ACJ Distributors is working with its vendors to implement a new technological system to improve its ordering and receiving processes. One of its primary vendors is satisfied with the existing system and feels that a new system is unnecessary. What is the barrier to a collaborative relationship in this situation?
A. Legal concerns
B. Resistance to change
C. Lack of information
D. Product quality
No Status
63. Barker's Pet Store orders a variety of items from one of its vendors for the upcoming holiday season. The store provides the vendor with a dollar limit but does not provide merchandise specifications. What type of purchase order is Barker's Pet Store issuing?
A. Custom
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Provisional
No Status
64. The PVX automotive manufacturer keeps office supplies such as copy paper, pens, and notepads on hand at all times. These office supplies are part of the manufacturer's inventory of
A. raw materials.
B. MRO goods.
C. work-in-process.
D. finished products.
No Status
65. The dating terms that the MRL Restaurant Supply Company negotiated with its glassware vendor are 5/10 net 30 for a purchase order generated on May 20. Calculate the discounted amount that MRL would owe for an order of $1,580.50 if it pays by May 27.
A. $1,541.07
B. $1,547.47
C. $1,501.47
D. $1,510.07
No Status
66. One of the benefits of production to consumers is that production
A. provides a way to be competitive.
B. makes use of automation.
C. provides a way to earn profits.
D. creates form utility.
No Status
67. The primary purpose of conducting random product inspections in manufacturing processes is to
A. monitor quality consistency.
B. improve product value.
C. achieve sales goals.
D. assess employees' ideas.
No Status
68. Which of the following best describes a goal of effective supply chain management:
A. Storing marketing data
B. Managing customer relations
C. Reducing inventory
D. Planning promotional strategies
No Status
69. Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A. human resources.
B. distribution.
C. finance.
D. production.
No Status
70. A steel manufacturing plant was forced to shut down operations for several weeks after being hit by a major tornado. The manufacturing company's __________ is likely to be influenced as a result.
A. supply chain network
B. chain of command
C. marketing department
D. advertising budget
No Status
71. Human, regulatory, technological, and environmental factors are most likely to influence the design of
A. business processes.
B. office visitation guidelines.
C. employee-leave policies.
D. project due dates.
No Status
72. A pet food manufacturing plant recently had a major power outage that prevented it from producing its products for several weeks. Because of the outage, many pet stores ran out of inventory and were unable to restock. Which of the following is most likely to occur as a result of the power outage:
A. Improved manufacturer-supplier relationship
B. Increased sales of the manufacturer's pet food
C. Customer satisfaction with the manufacturer
D. Customer dissatisfaction with the manufacturer
No Status
73. The implementation of digital warehouse management systems is an example of how technology can impact __________ management.
A. human resource
B. supply chain
C. financial
D. employee
No Status
74. Before beginning a new project, a manager who uses business process thinking would most likely
A. create a list of things that employees should avoid doing during the project.
B. explain to employees the end result that s/he wants to achieve from the project.
C. determine the steps that employees need to follow to complete the project.
D. examine the financial implications of the project to make sure it will be profitable.
No Status
75. Which of the following is a strategy to help manage risks in a global supply chain:
A. Hire only local workers
B. Work with experienced partners abroad
C. Work only within the same time zone
D. Accept lower quality levels
No Status
76. To protect customer data such as credit card information, businesses should
A. require that all customers show an ID.
B. accept payments in cash only.
C. keep sensitive records encrypted.
D. use a shared server to store information.
No Status
77. What is an important guideline to remember when establishing personal goals?
A. Focus on the negative.
B. Set realistic goals.
C. Disregard outside assistance.
D. Make sure your goals are vague.
No Status
78. When a manager is making a routine business decision, s/he usually needs
A. minimal input from others.
B. a lot of input to obtain many points of view.
C. to write down all feasible options.
D. to analyze the level of risk involved.
No Status
79. Accessing the websites of businesses and professional organizations is one way to obtain
A. work experience.
B. job applications.
C. career information.
D. interview appointments.
No Status
80. Heather manages the children's clothing department at a large department store. Which type of business management and administration career does she have?
A. Operations management
B. Business analytics
C. General management
D. Supply chain management
No Status
81. How do workers often identify the skills that are needed to further their careers?
A. Change their mental attitudes
B. Measure their level of self-esteem
C. Monitor trends in their occupations
D. Change jobs on a frequent basis
No Status
82. Following the chain of command is important to the overall business because it
A. increases efficiency.
B. improves collaboration.
C. facilitates teamwork.
D. enhances creativity.
No Status
83. Which characteristic of a SMART objective does the following statement exemplify: Phase one of the project will be completed on May 10, 2019?
A. Motivational
B. Realistic
C. Time-bound
D. Structured
No Status
84. Many experts believe that providing too much detail in the work breakdown structure (WBS) work packages often causes the project manager to
A. develop a SWOT analysis.
B. allocate project resources.
C. simplify project deliverables.
D. micromanage the project.
No Status
85. During a weekly meeting, the project manager told the team, “All of you are doing a great job in meeting your deadlines. Just a few more weeks of hard work, and the project will be complete. Then, we will all go out to celebrate.” What is the project manager doing?
A. Measuring the team's goals
B. Expressing empathy
C. Motivating the team
D. Offering a financial incentive
No Status
86. Kevin is planning to paint a house. He draws a simple graph that shows the sequence of tasks that will be done from beginning to end of the project. For example: 1) Buy supplies, 2) Prepare house for painting, 3) Paint house, and so on. This is an example of a
A. scope management plan.
B. work breakdown structure.
C. network diagram.
D. project charter.
No Status
87. Which of the following pieces of information are included in the “lessons-learned” document when closing a project:
A. Project charter, successes, and failures
B. Costs, suggestions for improvement, and project charter
C. Statement of work, successes, and failures
D. Successes, failures, and suggestions for improvement
No Status
88. The Fisher Manufacturing Company has been receiving a lot of complaints about product breakage problems with the model 2YZ. Fisher has been working with its parts vendors and production-line personnel to try to determine why the problems are occurring. This is an example of a product-quality issue related to
A. durability.
B. volume.
C. distribution.
D. costs.
No Status
89. Which of the following quality management frameworks uses martial arts terminology to identify individuals necessary for its implementation:
A. ITIL
B. Six Sigma
C. CMMI
D. Quality Max
No Status
90. What activity helps businesses identify the various opportunities for continuous quality improvement?
A. Establishing budgets
B. Setting goals
C. Monitoring data
D. Rationing resources
No Status
91. If a company does not take the time to manage risks, it is
A. seeking a larger return on investment.
B. treating customers fairly.
C. enhancing possibilities for gain.
D. not being ethical.
No Status
92. What risk is being avoided when financial institutions use cloud computing?
A. Loss of customers risk
B. Pure risk
C. Return on investment risk
D. Speculative risk
No Status
93. Risk retention groups are typically only allowed to offer __________ insurance coverage.
A. life
B. liability
C. homeowners
D. health
No Status
94. Which of the following is an element of the planning function of management:
A. Setting goals
B. Monitoring work
C. Training employees
D. Assessing performance
No Status
95. In management, a primary organizing activity is
A. assigning responsibility.
B. hiring talented workers.
C. controlling external conditions.
D. evaluating job performance.
No Status
96. When a business is understaffed and employees must work longer hours for an extended period of time, what often happens?
A. Lower sales quotas
B. Higher customer satisfaction
C. Lower payroll expenses
D. Higher employee turnover
No Status
97. What management function involves motivating and encouraging an employee?
A. Organizing
B. Planning
C. Directing
D. Recruiting
No Status
98. An assistant bank manager overhears one of her tellers incorrectly quote a savings-account interest rate to a potential customer. Rather than waiting until later to address the problem, the manager corrects the teller immediately and makes sure the teller gives the customer the correct information. Which of the following controls is taking place:
A. Post control
B. Preventive control
C. Feedback control
D. Concurrent control
No Status
99. Change management is important because it helps organizations
A. make immediate changes to things that employees dislike.
B. implement and adjust to new processes and procedures.
C. improve their operations and logistics management practices.
D. satisfy the wants and needs of their most valuable employees.
No Status
100. Which of the following occurs during the process of change management:
A. Decision-making by top managers without staff input
B. Dialogue among upper management employees only
C. Top-down and bottom-up dialogue among all employees
D. Dialogue among entry-level employees only
No Status
Test 1207
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Macon Industries writes a purchase order for bolts, washers, and nails and sends the order to the Stanton Company to process. In this situation, the purchase order is a(n)
A. letter of intent.
B. open order.
C. accounts-receivable document.
D. sales contract.
No Status
2. A business was fined $2 million for dumping toxic waste in the local river. What type of environmental law did the company violate?
A. Food quality
B. Clean air
C. Clean water
D. Endangered species
No Status
3. Jon sues his former employer for harassment. In what situation would the employer be likely to offer Jon a settlement?
A. The employer wants the case to go to court.
B. The employer knows it will be able to win the case.
C. The employer does not think it will be able to win the case.
D. Jon does not think he will be able to win the case.
No Status
4. Which of the following words most accurately describes arbitration:
A. Private
B. Nonconsensual
C. Biased
D. Temporary
No Status
5. To be reimbursed for business expenses, Luke must obtain and complete an expense-reimbursement form, attach the original transaction receipts to the completed form, and submit the documentation to his manager for approval. What is Luke doing?
A. Following company procedures
B. Developing company policies
C. Evaluating company feedback
D. Assessing company guidelines
No Status
6. To use oral communication effectively, you need to
A. pronounce your words correctly.
B. impress your listeners.
C. know your listeners.
D. distract your listeners' attention.
No Status
7. Which of the following is typically the primary purpose of an introduction during a presentation:
A. To share a funny story
B. To provide supporting details
C. To summarize the talk
D. To gain the audience's attention
No Status
8. What is a key to effective note-taking?
A. Active listening
B. Capturing details
C. Creative thinking
D. Using an outline
No Status
9. Which of the following is a guideline for writing clear instructions for your coworkers:
A. Write complex, lengthy statements.
B. Write from your supervisor's perspective.
C. Understand the process you are explaining.
D. Confine the instructions to one page.
No Status
10. The opening sentences of an effective business letter should
A. avoid specific details.
B. be completely impersonal.
C. be formal.
D. go right to the point.
No Status
11. When developing an analytical report about a problem that the business is facing, the writer should conclude the report by
A. defining the issue.
B. describing the research techniques.
C. recommending solutions.
D. providing crucial background information.
No Status
12. Liam wrote and submitted a report to management describing relationships between actions and the probable results of those actions. What type of research report has Liam written?
A. Cause and effect
B. Interpretive
C. Jury of executive opinion
D. Argumentative
No Status
13. While Mark is presenting his status report during a staff meeting, Danielle has a question about something he says. What should Danielle do?
A. Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking
B. Wait until the next meeting to ask her question
C. Interrupt Mark so she can ask her question right away
D. Wait to see if another participant has the same question
No Status
14. When a business strives to make every customer experience a positive one, it is remembering its
A. history.
B. internal customers.
C. competition.
D. touchpoints.
No Status
15. Which of the following would be the most likely cause of customer complaints:
A. Product quality
B. Institutional ads
C. Extended hours
D. Price reductions
No Status
16. Which of the following is an example of a capital good:
A. A delivery truck
B. Iron ore
C. A truck driver
D. Weather conditions
No Status
17. The Telford Pharmaceutical Company is concerned that proposed regulatory changes may negatively impact its research and development initiatives, profitability, long-term growth, and the well-being of patients who may benefit from using its products. What can the company do to influence legislation and protect its interests?
A. Hire an estate attorney
B. Veto the legislation
C. Engage in lobbying efforts
D. Sign a warrant
No Status
18. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is
A. unequal distribution of income.
B. limited government control.
C. pricing system.
D. competition.
No Status
19. A business typically pays property tax to the government when
A. the value of the business's equipment decreases over time.
B. the business owns the building in which it operates.
C. the business sells the property for more money than it paid for it.
D. the business sells goods directly to other businesses or individuals.
No Status
20. During an economic recession, the best way for consumers to help expand the economy is by
A. saving money.
B. spending money.
C. earning money.
D. collecting money.
No Status
21. The category of GDP called gross private domestic investment includes
A. all purchases of capital goods.
B. all exports of goods and services.
C. purchases made by private individuals.
D. inventories held over from previous years.
No Status
22. An American businessperson in London was offered a "cuppa" by the company's receptionist. The businessperson did not know that the receptionist was offering a cup of tea. This is an example of
A. a language barrier.
B. a business subculture.
C. being uneducated.
D. economic differences.
No Status
23. Which of the following behaviors matches with the value of kindness:
A. Always telling the truth
B. Encouraging others who are sad
C. Getting a job promotion
D. Avoiding difficult tasks
No Status
24. Which of the following is a true statement regarding initiative:
A. People with initiative must usually be prodded into doing things.
B. Possessing initiative is unimportant in business occupations.
C. Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility.
D. Initiative should be demonstrated only at your place of employment.
No Status
25. What is one of the main reasons that employees behave unethically?
A. To become managers
B. To create positive customer relations
C. To do what everyone else does
D. To obtain publicity
No Status
26. Ian is planning a picnic even though it's cloudy because he doesn't think it is likely to rain. Ian has likely considered the __________ of rain.
A. probability
B. forecast
C. magnitude
D. severity
No Status
27. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your self-confidence and
A. work portfolio.
B. grades.
C. self-esteem.
D. physical fitness.
No Status
28. Why do positive people enjoy good personal relationships?
A. They are kind and considerate.
B. They're usually in a bad mood.
C. They usually put themselves first.
D. They typically have good personal-hygiene habits.
No Status
29. Jeremy listened to his friend Mike's description of a problem Mike recently had at work and said, "It's easy to see why you are so upset." What empathetic trait does Jeremy have?
A. Understanding
B. Honesty
C. Sharing
D. Open-mindedness
No Status
30. Organizing your sock drawer, throwing a party, and building a bookshelf are examples of
A. projects.
B. goals.
C. product ideas.
D. planning methods.
No Status
31. If a leader takes ownership of a problem, makes sure it is fixed, and takes steps to prevent it from happening again, s/he is demonstrating
A. flexibility.
B. adaptability.
C. responsibility.
D. social awareness.
No Status
32. Which of the following examples describes an ethical leader practicing persistence and patience:
A. A team captain yells at her teammates to motivate them.
B. Marie encourages her team not to take shortcuts to achieve results.
C. Your teacher always grades and returns tests on time.
D. Jalen spends time giving back to organizations in his community.
No Status
33. The main reason why people lose their jobs is that they
A. take too many days off work.
B. complain about the unsatisfactory pay.
C. do not get along with their coworkers.
D. are not able to perform all job tasks.
No Status
34. It is important to be honest about the time commitment when interviewing potential employees for a new business because
A. entrepreneurs shouldn't hire employees with busy personal lives.
B. employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company.
C. being honest should weed out the people who aren’t dedicated to the job.
D. employees are not legally allowed to work more than 40 hours/week.
No Status
35. For an investment to yield positive results at the end of the investment period, the earnings should
A. be accrued on a debt security.
B. grow by at least 10%.
C. exceed the rate of inflation.
D. be documented appropriately.
No Status
36. A distinguishing characteristic of credit unions is that they
A. provide more services than banks.
B. offer only credit card services.
C. operate as cooperative financial institutions.
D. are unions for people in the banking industry.
No Status
37. When making a budget for next year, Antonio allocated money for his college tuition, his apartment, and food. What is another financial need that he should include in his budget?
A. Fitness classes
B. Tickets for sporting events
C. Apartment decorations
D. Transportation
No Status
38. If you do not keep up with the balance of your checking account, you might
A. challenge the bank's authority.
B. have your identity stolen.
C. prevent fraudulent charges.
D. incur fees and penalties.
No Status
39. To avoid accumulating unmanageable debt, you should
A. purchase expensive items using credit.
B. avoid buying anything except necessities.
C. pay your credit card balance in full.
D. spend your monthly paycheck immediately.
No Status
40. Accountants are legally required to follow established guidelines when preparing financial documents to ensure that the information presented is
A. clear and consistent.
B. transparent and subjective.
C. subjective and consistent.
D. adjusted and clear.
No Status
41. What type of money is recorded in the cash receipts column of a cash flow statement?
A. Credit
B. Cost of goods
C. Collected
D. Expenses
No Status
42. According to the statement of cash flows in a company's annual report, its cash flow from operations last year was $5,260,300 and its capital expenditures were $980,200. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $1,863,391
B. $4,280,100
C. $5,397,164
D. $6,240,500
No Status
43. Who often helps orient new employees by answering their routine questions during their first few days on the job?
A. Top-level managers
B. Coworkers
C. Recruiters
D. Human resources staff
No Status
44. Because knowledge is so valuable, it needs to be
A. managed.
B. unrestricted.
C. delegated.
D. prohibited.
No Status
45. As part of its knowledge-management program, a business uses a special computer application to help detect and record unexpected issues that occur during the production process. This program allows many staff members to obtain and share information to resolve the problem quickly. This is an example of a business effectively using
A. mind-mapping software.
B. incident-management software.
C. a public domain database.
D. an accounting database.
No Status
46. A manager watches an employee perform a work activity and writes notes that describe the process. This is an example of capturing knowledge by
A. observation.
B. rationalization.
C. interrogation.
D. imitation.
No Status
47. Ralph hosts a video conference about a trade show he recently attended. Which of the following knowledge management processes is Ralph practicing:
A. Refinement
B. Acquisition
C. Creation
D. Sharing
No Status
48. Which function of marketing determines how much gross profit a business will make on a good or service?
A. Risk management
B. Channel management
C. Promotion
D. Pricing
No Status
49. One way for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently is to
A. read a book.
B. schedule an interview.
C. access a database.
D. contact a competitor.
No Status
50. Which of the following is a trend in information management:
A. Fewer electronic documents
B. Increased use of outsourcing
C. Decreased competition
D. Less incoming information
No Status
51. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are examples of computer
A. servers.
B. hardware.
C. dashboards.
D. standards.
No Status
52. Adian is conducting online research for a marketing project at work. What web-based tool will help Adian save and organize the websites that contain the relevant information he needs for his final report?
A. Personal intranet connection
B. Notebook with color-coded dividers
C. Word-processing memo template
D. Browser bookmarking applications
No Status
53. Which of the following is an example of employees using groupware computer applications:
A. Dan, Kara, and Simon review their departments' budgets, which are saved as different computerspreadsheets files.
B. Craig, Tessa, and Lily use presentation software to guide a group discussion about their research project.
C. Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers.
D. Michelle, Jeff, and Aubrey use the same desktop-publishing program to create advertisements and brochures for their companies.
No Status
54. A limitation to the use of project-management software is that it lacks the ability to
A. make decisions.
B. calculate data.
C. track changes.
D. flag information.
No Status
55. Which of the following strategies can help make data change easier:
A. Rolling out data changes during a busy time of year
B. Ignoring errors during implementation
C. Informing staff that data changes will continually occur
D. Communicating the benefits of the data change
No Status
56. By maintaining customer records, a business can determine the
A. needs and product preferences of its customers.
B. goals and motivation of its major competitors.
C. performance levels of its marketing staff.
D. productivity levels of its operational efforts.
No Status
57. Businesses often monitor internal inventory records to obtain the information needed to
A. organize new displays.
B. plan special sales.
C. evaluate vendors.
D. create safety rules.
No Status
58. To maintain a hazard-free work environment, local regulations might require businesses to undergo
A. security analyses.
B. accounting audits.
C. safety inspections.
D. ethics training.
No Status
59. A team of marketers is creating a promotional brochure, but progress is slow. The person in charge of designing the layout has never done it before and is struggling to come up with ideas. What ethical dilemma most likely caused this situation?
A. Assigning the wrong person to a job
B. Covering up wrongdoing/Blaming others
C. Using money inappropriately
D. Violating workers' rights
No Status
60. A collaborative work environment contributes to an employee's growth because s/he
A. views the work environment positively.
B. earns more income.
C. learns from coworkers.
D. has the opportunity to work from home.
No Status
61. Why is it important in project planning to build in a safety net, or padding, when identifying resources?
A. To plan for the unexpected
B. To find substitutes
C. To try to cut corners
D. To obtain financial support
No Status
62. When managing projects, which of the following is an important activity:
A. Changing objectives
B. Tracking deadlines
C. Following directions
D. Obeying orders
No Status
63. What is the probable outcome when a producer purchases inferior parts for its products to cut costs?
A. Customer dissatisfaction and increased business
B. Customer satisfaction and repeat business
C. Customer goodwill and loss of business
D. Customer dissatisfaction and loss of business
No Status
64. When developing a request for quotation (RFQ) for prospective vendors, a business should always include
A. prices and a purchase order.
B. specifications and deadlines.
C. guidelines and discounts.
D. statistics and a checklist.
No Status
65. What attitude would be most likely to support long-term relationships between businesses and their suppliers?
A. Reflective
B. Creative
C. Influential
D. Collaborative
No Status
66. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom-made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Special
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Reorder
No Status
67. Which of the following are examples of raw materials that a business might keep on hand for production:
A. Minerals, tables, leather, and paper
B. Leather, bolts, stapler, and ore
C. Grain, minerals, leather, and oil
D. Oil, grain, shoes, and household cleanser
No Status
68. Before a business begins negotiating with a vendor, it carefully plans the specific points or terms that it is willing to give up that will benefit the vendor. What is the business planning?
A. Desired shipping terms
B. The vendor's purchasing power
C. Targeted discount rates
D. Its concession strategy
No Status
69. Why do most businesses use some type of quality-control method at work?
A. To organize employees
B. To minimize errors
C. To attract vendors
D. To guarantee safety
No Status
70. Which of the following expenses should Charlene categorize as a fixed cost:
A. Commissions
B. Delivery charges
C. Cost of goods sold
D. Rent
No Status
71. Which of the following is an activity that falls under supply chain management:
A. Building relationships with vendors
B. Creating advertising campaigns
C. Forecasting sales
D. Hiring new employees
No Status
72. Which of the following is a key aspect of risk management:
A. Setting product prices
B. Preparing operational budgets
C. Determining appropriate advertising media
D. Staying in compliance with laws and regulations
No Status
73. How does process thinking help organizations?
A. Assists them in separating work between departments
B. Enables them to find out who to blame for issues
C. Helps them avoid documenting workflow
D. Lets them know why they succeeded or failed
No Status
74. One of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its business processes is
A. desire for growth.
B. competition.
C. low employee morale.
D. high operating costs.
No Status
75. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. technology
B. globalization
C. economic downturns
D. production changes
No Status
76. Why is it important for companies to make inventories of their digital information?
A. So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed
B. Because most employees don't use their computers wisely
C. To prevent unethical IT professionals from stealing company data
D. So that the company can keep tabs on what employees are doing online
No Status
77. Which of the following statements about protecting digital customer data is true:
A. A company's protection of data has little impact on the customer's perception of the company.
B. Protecting digital customer data is a responsibility of the IT department.
C. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often.
D. Protecting digital customer data is only necessary for large businesses.
No Status
78. Which of the following is a good way for an employee to make sure that all essential tasks are completed each day:
A. Prioritize tasks
B. Complete routine tasks first
C. Seek help from coworkers
D. Work as fast as possible
No Status
79. Which of the following would be a short-term financial goal:
A. Getting a promotion within five years
B. Starting your own business
C. Walking a mile every day
D. Saving enough to buy a concert ticket
No Status
80. Emilio works in office management. Which of the following would likely be one of his job responsibilities:
A. Packaging and distributing warehouse orders
B. Helping his office run faster and more efficiently
C. Helping customers decide how to invest their money
D. Creating a marketing plan for a new product
No Status
81. Which of the following is an example of personal information that should be included in a résumé:
A. Year of graduation
B. Telephone number
C. Rate of pay
D. Names of parents
No Status
82. ABC Corp. shuts down its office for a few days each winter to protect its employees from any weatherrelated accidents. This is an example of a rule related to
A. health and safety.
B. discrimination.
C. conflicts of interest.
D. insubordination.
No Status
83. The Prater Corporation wants to expand its market share by 6% next year. What type of goal has the company set?
A. Financial
B. Ideological
C. Organizational
D. Input
No Status
84. What question should the purpose statement of a project's statement of work (SOW) answer?
A. What materials do we need to do this project?
B. What is this project going to produce?
C. Why are we doing this project?
D. Who will carry out this project?
No Status
85. Alicia is creating a resource that includes entries for each component of how her project will be organized and run, including definitions, deliverables, associated activities, and milestones. Alicia is making a
A. resource breakdown structure.
B. scope statement.
C. work breakdown structure dictionary.
D. project charter.
No Status
86. A project manager has determined that the team completed the software-development phase of the project four days ahead of schedule. What control activity is the project manager performing?
A. Changing a process
B. Evaluating a time constraint
C. Tracking a milestone
D. Assessing a setback
No Status
87. Which of the following is an example of a project manager delegating responsibility to a project team member:
A. Stan asks Joanna and Tom for suggestions to improve process efficiency.
B. Bill tells Peter that he needs to remember to include a cover sheet with his TPS report.
C. Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report.
D. Anne determines that Bob has the desired organizational skills to be on the project team.
No Status
88. Before closing a project, the project manager, team, and stakeholders must agree that the
A. objectives have been achieved.
B. resources have been used efficiently.
C. project has stayed within budget.
D. members are ready to resume their regular duties.
No Status
89. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management
A. requirement.
B. questionnaire.
C. methodology.
D. technique.
No Status
90. What is the potential benefit to a business that continuously takes action to improve the quality of its goods and services?
A. Increased product options
B. Higher demand
C. Increased premiums
D. Higher costs
No Status
91. How can a company’s leaders encourage ethical behavior in risk management?
A. Act ethically themselves
B. Hire risk managers
C. Discourage risk-taking
D. Involve middle managers
No Status
92. Wellston Industries wants to compare a current business situation with a target situation. Which of the following tools will help Wellston obtain the information that it wants:
A. Critical path study
B. Mind map
C. Decision tree
D. Gap analysis
No Status
93. An automobile manufacturer in Country A purchases parts from a factory in Country B. When Country B suffers a massive earthquake, the automobile manufacturer is forced to put production on hold until it can find another factory to supply the parts. What type of risk does this situation illustrate?
A. Health and safety
B. Employee
C. Political
D. Environmental
No Status
94. Which of the following is a true statement about managers:
A. Managers allow employees to set the organizational standards.
B. Managers must be able to do their employees' jobs.
C. Managers decide how to use the business's resources.
D. Managers usually train the employees to do the work.
No Status
95. Caitlin is the manager for a busy accounting department and has decided not to replace the payroll specialist who recently resigned. She wants Martin, who currently handles the firm's accounts receivable, and David, the accounts payable clerk, to jointly take over the payroll-processing responsibilities. She also wants her assistant, Fiona, to take over some of Martin's and David's current tasks. What organizing activity is Caitlin performing?
A. Establishing goals
B. Providing feedback
C. Reallocating resources
D. Training employees
No Status
96. A manager places a classified advertisement for a new accounting position in the local newspaper. The manager is performing the __________ function of management because s/he is __________ new employees.
A. directing; acquiring
B. controlling; monitoring
C. planning; hiring
D. staffing; recruiting
No Status
97. Managers need to form relationships with employees and understand human behavior. This is an example of which characteristic of directing?
A. Continuous
B. Executive
C. Creative
D. People-focused
No Status
98. What type of managerial control would a company use to measure the financial success of various products, territories, customer groups, distribution channels, and order sizes?
A. Annual plan
B. Profitability
C. Strategic
D. Efficiency
No Status
99. Every month, a technology company has all-staff meetings in which employees team up and brainstorm new ideas together. Many of these ideas lead to innovative new products. This is an example of how __________ helps organizations innovate and change.
A. customer service
B. training
C. collaboration
D. resilience
No Status
100. Many organizational changes fail because
A. managers give their employees too much time to adjust to changes.
B. big changes cannot be executed throughout entire companies.
C. most people are resistant to change.
D. companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle.
No Status
Test Sample 2014
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. Environmental regulations are often developed to encourage businesses to participate in
A. ethical contracts.
B. law enforcement.
C. resource identification.
D. recycling programs.
No Status
2. John would like to be a business owner, has money to invest, and wants to limit his liability. He does not have time to participate in the day-to-day operations of the business. What type of business ownership would you recommend?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Open corporation
C. Close corporation
D. General partnership
No Status
3. When your parents tell you to vacuum the living room, you are receiving
A. written directions.
B. social directions.
C. nonverbal directions.
D. oral directions.
No Status
4. Eye contact, facial expression, and body language are examples of
A. verbal acknowledgement responses.
B. nonverbal cues.
C. distractions.
D. listening skills.
No Status
5. To enunciate when speaking to customers means to
A. talk fast.
B. talk slowly.
C. run words together.
D. pronounce words clearly.
No Status
6. Why is it important for business employees to ask relevant questions?
A. To send messages
B. To clarify meanings
C. To offer suggestions
D. To make statements
No Status
7. Which of the following is an example of formal communication in the workplace:
A. Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion.
B. Tessa asks Ken for his opinion about an article that she has written.
C. Phil asks Mark if he has an extra product brochure that he can give to a customer.
D. Susan tells a coworker that she thinks her manager is going to be fired.
No Status
8. Dale is taking notes during a staff meeting. Dale should
A. write his notes in complete sentences.
B. organize his notes in a logical manner.
C. capture every word that is said.
D. avoid abbreviations and symbols.
No Status
9. In which of the following situations would a businessperson write a persuasive inquiry using an indirect format:
A. A letter requesting the date and time of a professional development workshop
B. A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization
C. A memo asking for a detailed sales report for the previous six-month period
D. An e-mail message requesting membership eligibility requirements in an organization
No Status
10. Managers often receive brief summaries of information about the status of activities within their departments in the form of __________ reports.
A. simple progress
B. long research
C. detailed annual
D. short biographical
No Status
11. When analytical reports contain information that readers might disagree with, writers should back their conclusions with
A. personal opinions.
B. technical statistics.
C. logical arguments.
D. enthusiastic statements.
No Status
12. Which of the following is the last component of a research report:
A. Background information
B. Purpose of the study
C. Recommendations
D. Methodology 1
No Status
13. What can employees do to help provide good service to customers?
A. Offer discounts
B. Lower prices
C. Plan events
D. Resolve problems
No Status
14. What is a factor that affects a business's selection of policies to guide its operations?
A. Personal preferences of management
B. Nature of the business
C. Communication skills of employees
D. Space available to display policies
No Status
15. Which of the following is an appropriate attitude for the salesperson to have toward customers' complaints:
A. Complaints are the business's problem.
B. Complaints should be handled by management.
C. Complaints can often be opportunities.
D. Complaints can usually be prevented.
No Status
16. Into what two categories can wants be divided?
A. Economic and noneconomic
B. Unlimited and economic
C. Unlimited and limited
D. Unlimited and noneconomic
No Status
17. A lumber business cuts boards from tree trunks. This business gives the resource __________ utility.
A. possession
B. time
C. place
D. form
No Status
18. Businesses can show their social responsibility by contributing to
A. pollution.
B. public interests.
C. promotion.
D. private causes.
No Status
19. Which of the following is a function that is an important part of the human resources management activities of business:
A. Selling
B. Pricing
C. Staffing
D. Promoting
No Status
20. Three primary factors that affect the organizational structure of a business include interpersonal relationships, tasks, and
A. initiative.
B. injunction.
C. authority.
D. attrition.
No Status
21. Calculate a business's gross profit based on the following information: $367,500 in income from sales, $105,250 in payroll, $25,700 in rent, and $140,125 in cost of goods.
A. $122,125
B. $227,375
C. $96,425
D. $236,550
No Status
22. Prohibiting the use of asbestos in buildings is an example of government efforts to
A. help the disadvantaged.
B. provide public goods.
C. stabilize the economy.
D. protect public health.
No Status
23. A business manager realizes that the demand for his/her products now exceeds producers' capabilities, and producers have raised their prices to offset the high demand. Under these conditions, what phase of the business cycle should the manager begin to prepare for?
A. Trough
B. Peak
C. Contraction
D. Expansion
No Status
24. Which of the following scenarios represents a cultural difference involving personal space that may make an American businessperson feel uncomfortable:
A. The person is seated in a conference room to discuss a contract with an international client.
B. A foreign business associate stands several feet away when talking to the person.
C. A European client greets the person with a kiss on each cheek.
D. The person is invited to dine in a busy restaurant following the meeting with an international client. 2
No Status
25. While American businessperson Carolyn Alexander is traveling on business in Dresden, Germany, she plans to meet with a potential client named Rudolph Schmidt, who is a purchasing manager with Rhine Industries and speaks English fluently. How should Carolyn greet the client?
A. How do you do, Schmidt.
B. Good day, Sir Rudolph.
C. It is a pleasure to meet you, Rudolph Schmidt.
D. Hello, Mr. Schmidt.
No Status
26. Because Japanese people value loyalty, compliance, and teamwork in their personal and business relationships, Japan is considered a(n)
A. explicit society.
B. collectivist culture.
C. elitist nation.
D. ceremonial civilization.
No Status
27. Which of the following is a factor related to appearance that foreign businesspeople must consider when doing business in Middle Eastern countries:
A. Most Middle Easterners are Muslim, and pray five times a day.
B. Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public.
C. Crossing one's legs is an offensive gesture to Middle Easterners.
D. It is common for Middle Easterners to communicate slowly with periods of silence.
No Status
28. Hilda Vanderspiel is a German businesswoman who is hosting a dinner for business executives from Delphi, India. When planning the menu for her guests, Hilda should consider their
A. seating preferences.
B. dietary habits.
C. table manners.
D. physical differences.
No Status
29. Jamie and Todd work in a local stationery store. When business is slow, Jamie tends to talk on the phone and stand around, while Todd tends to straighten the shelves and restock items that are needed. Which of the following traits is Todd demonstrating:
A. Receptivity
B. Empathy
C. Loyalty
D. Initiative
No Status
30. Which of the following is an example of unethical work behavior:
A. Texting friends during a work shift
B. Arriving at work 15 minutes early
C. Using supplies to complete work tasks
D. Taking responsibility for mistakes
No Status
31. Tim is the technology manager for the MSJ Company. Tim is responsible for backing up the computer system each evening to make sure that the company has a copy of each day's computer activities and transactions. On Tuesday evening, Tim was running late for a meeting and decided not to conduct the backup activities. Later that night, the computer system crashed and all of Tuesday's computer data was lost. By apologizing to his boss for making a poor decision and offering to work extra hours to help fix the problem, Tim was
A. taking the time to make informed decisions.
B. blaming others for the consequences of his actions.
C. promising not to make any mistakes in the future.
D. accepting the consequences for the decision he made.
No Status
32. To effectively manage various work commitments, employees should
A. schedule enough time to complete activities.
B. first focus on the least important tasks.
C. ask coworkers to complete important activities.
D. reorganize work goals.
No Status
33. To advance in a career in the future, you will probably have a greater need for
A. artistic ability.
B. biological knowledge.
C. mathematics.
D. training.
No Status
34. Employees who send and receive messages through the business's electronic mail system should assume that
A. no one reads their memos.
B. privacy does not exist.
C. privacy is not an issue.
D. monitoring is not allowed.
No Status
35. Assertive people believe that they have the right to ask other people to respond to their
A. whims.
B. directions.
C. needs.
D. orders.
No Status
36. Two people are in a conflict because both of them want to be the group's leader. What is the reason for the conflict?
A. Motivation
B. Resentment
C. Creativity
D. Authority
No Status
37. The XYZ Company has a committee whose members are appointed for three-year terms to review the company's hiring policies. This committee is an example of a(n) __________ committee.
A. multi-functional
B. ad-hoc
C. volunteer
D. standing
No Status
38. Matthias regularly talks to other team leaders in the industry to keep up with current trends that may affect his team vision. Which guideline of sharing a vision does this illustrate?
A. Being flexible
B. Being a good listener
C. Being an example
D. Being enthusiastic
No Status
39. If you like to feel as though you are an important member of the team, you will probably work best under a(n) __________ manager.
A. democratic
B. hands-off
C. laissez-faire
D. authoritarian
No Status
40. Which of the following is the opportunity cost for a person who decides to place $500 in the bank rather than purchase something s/he really wants but does not need:
A. Long-term dissatisfaction
B. Higher discretionary income
C. Lower salary or wages
D. Immediate gratification
No Status
41. A credit plan that requires a signed contract, a down payment, and the balance to be paid over a specific period of time is called __________ credit.
A. regular
B. revolving
C. open
D. installment
No Status
42. Insurance is a key element in lifelong financial planning that
A. guarantees a solid financial future.
B. protects a person from unethical salespeople.
C. provides protection against financial losses.
D. is available only to property owners.
No Status
43. Which of the following is the most effective way to avoid excessive credit-card debt:
A. Pay off your balance each month
B. Pay off low-interest credit cards first
C. Choose a credit card with a high limit
D. Use credit-card cash advances to pay debt
No Status
44. When preparing a personal income tax form, parents report some of their childcare expenses to receive
A. capital gains.
B. tax deductions.
C. dividends.
D. tax rebates.
No Status
45. A business has an inventory valued at $750,000. This amount would appear in the business's balance sheet under
A. income.
B. liabilities.
C. capital gains.
D. current assets.
No Status
46. Which of the following are common security concerns associated with using a computerized accounting system:
A. Viruses and loss of data
B. Fraud and pollution
C. Variances and vested interests
D. Viruses and pollution
No Status
47. Which of the following is an example of current liabilities that a business should include in its balance sheet:
A. Mortgage loans
B. Accounts receivable
C. Owner's equity
D. Employees' salaries
No Status
48. Most businesses provide employee orientation as soon as new employees report for work because
A. employees can't work until they have been oriented.
B. orientation focuses on specific job tasks.
C. employees can learn everything in the beginning.
D. that is when employees are anxious to learn.
No Status
49. Julie just got a promotion and will be transferring to another city, so she plans to spend some time with her replacement, passing on some of her tacit knowledge before she leaves. This is an example of knowledge management being necessary due to
A. turnover.
B. information overload.
C. globalization.
D. innovation.
No Status
50. Shannon has worked at the XBO Company for two years in the production department. During a weekly meeting, the staff was brainstorming ideas to resolve a problem the department has been experiencing on the production line. During the meeting, Shannon told the staff about some changes that her previous company made to its production process, which increased its efficiency and outputs. Shannon's manager liked the idea, and thought that it might work at XBO. This situation illustrates the concept of
A. limited confidentiality.
B. inevitable disclosure.
C. competitive obstruction.
D. trade-character infringement.
No Status
51. One tool that businesses can use to allow employees and customers to share knowledge through their websites is by posting
A. meta tags.
B. message boards.
C. bots.
D. interesting content.
No Status
52. A business might ask its employees to sign a nondisclosure agreement to
A. prevent copyright infringement.
B. avoid discrimination lawsuits.
C. ensure its employees' privacy.
D. protect its trade secrets.
No Status
53. If a business lowers the price of a product for the purpose of taking business away from competitors, the result of this action often is a(n)
A. increase in profit.
B. gain in market share.
C. decrease in cost.
D. reduction in staff.
No Status
54. Which of the following is an example of factual information:
A. It seems that we have a problem.
B. I believe that the product is defective.
C. Last quarter, sales increased by 12%.
D. Kerry and Dean are the nicest managers.
No Status
55. Melissa is thinking about setting up her growing business as a corporation. Which of the following online sources is most likely to have relevant information about how to establish a corporation:
A. Nolo Legal Encyclopedia
B. Wall Street Journal
C. MarketWatch
D. Wikipedia
No Status
56. Why is it important for businesses to manage employee information in a way that keeps it secure?
A. To avoid publicity
B. To be secretive
C. To beat the competition
D. To be ethical
No Status
57. Which of the following is a standard capability of spreadsheet software:
A. To manage files
B. To create slides
C. To prepare text
D. To graph data
No Status
58. A primary use of project-management software is to
A. evaluate the quality of deliverables.
B. define the project's purpose.
C. develop project standards.
D. allocate project resources.
No Status
59. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. execute promotions.
B. evaluate ideas.
C. forecast sales.
D. improve service.
No Status
60. Natalie needs to compile a list of her retail business's suppliers, along with the products that the business purchases from each. Which of the following internal records is most likely to contain the information that she needs:
A. Human-resources records
B. Quality records
C. Inventory records
D. Payroll records
No Status
61. What do businesses often analyze when making decisions about how to improve the company?
A. Statistical findings
B. Training methods
C. Information skills
D. Privacy factors
No Status
62. Running out of inventory can result in
A. lost sales.
B. higher taxes.
C. higher productivity.
D. more satisfied customers.
No Status
63. A city in the southwestern region of the country requires community businesses to undergo health and safety inspections to determine if the businesses are complying with
A. consumer-protection laws.
B. free-trade agreements.
C. securities regulations.
D. local ordinances.
No Status
64. Steve recently purchased a used laptop computer for work, but it didn't come with a user's manual. Where is Steve most likely to find a copy of the manual?
A. A used-book store
B. A public library
C. The Internet
D. An office-supply store
No Status
65. Employees who take home pencils, notepaper, and other office supplies for personal use are guilty of
A. robbery.
B. fraud.
C. pilferage.
D. shoplifting.
No Status
66. Because Kendra must finish a task and submit her work to Joshua so he can complete his part of the project by next Thursday, these two team members' jobs are
A. bureaucratic.
B. complex.
C. autonomous.
D. interdependent.
No Status
67. When managing projects, which of the following is an important activity:
A. Obeying orders
B. Changing objectives
C. Following directions
D. Tracking deadlines
No Status
68. Ingrid must analyze various aspects of the completed project by comparing the results with the objectives. What process is Ingrid likely to use to obtain all of the information for analysis?
A. Team review
B. Administrative appraisal
C. Internal audit
D. Productivity evaluation
No Status
69. Reviewing activity-status reports helps a project manager to
A. develop specifications.
B. create barriers.
C. determine project scope.
D. control the project.
No Status
70. What is required to maintain favorable relationships with vendors?
A. Limited communication
B. Ongoing cooperation
C. Occasional interaction
D. Full disclosure
No Status
71. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Special
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Reorder
No Status
72. A business orders 10% more widgets than it needs because the supply of and the demand for widgets have been difficult to forecast in recent months. This is an example of a business ordering __________ inventory.
A. perpetual
B. maintenance
C. buffer
D. customary
No Status
73. What is the key to effective use of concessions during a negotiation with a vendor?
A. Allow minimal room for concessions before negotiations begin.
B. Obtain leverage by refusing to give up anything.
C. Concede on minor points before major points.
D. Portray important concessions as more valuable than they really are.
No Status
74. Why do many businesses follow up after production to ensure that products meet standards set by outside organizations?
A. To estimate future sales
B. To determine raises for production workers
C. To comply with the law
D. To remain competitive
No Status
75. A business that inspects its equipment on a regular basis is practicing
A. vendor analysis.
B. preventive maintenance.
C. form utility.
D. physical inventory.
No Status
76. Luke is reviewing several internal and external reports to compare his company's sales and market share in relation to other companies in the industry. What type of business analysis is Luke conducting?
A. Productivity
B. Promotional
C. Financial
D. Competitive
No Status
77. One of the major reasons that good posture is important is that it can
A. help to prevent medical problems.
B. eliminate clothing alterations.
C. improve your ability to relax.
D. make you look taller than you are.
No Status
78. As Vanessa walked into the library, Jeremy and Sam were just closing a drawer on the librarian's desk. Later, Vanessa described the incident to the librarian—and included her own conclusion that the boys had probably stolen something. Vanessa's account is an example of which of the following:
A. Framing
B. Logic
C. Input
D. Style
No Status
79. The Dewberry Company pays both its female employees and its male employees the same salary range for the same type of work. Dewberry is providing its employees with
A. the right to privacy.
B. a safe work environment.
C. fair treatment.
D. the option to buy stock.
No Status
80. What department of a large company should a job seeker contact to find out whether the company has job openings?
A. Credit
B. Payroll
C. Human resources
D. Training and development
No Status
81. Which of the following would be out of place in a follow-up letter after a job interview:
A. A comment about the work of the business
B. A question about salary or benefits
C. A desire to be hired for the job
D. A reference to the applicant's qualifications
No Status
82. A group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems describes a
A. corporation.
B. trade association.
C. trade show.
D. partnership.
No Status
83. Which of the following statements is true regarding the rules of conduct in the workplace:
A. Rules of conduct control the employees' behavior, but they don't affect the company's image.
B. Company rules provide a fair and consistent working environment for some of the employees.
C. Companies have the same rules of conduct, so it isn't necessary to explain them to employees.
D. The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs.
No Status
84. Who is most likely to report directly to a corporation's chief executive officer (CEO)?
A. Board of Directors
B. Regional marketing manager
C. Production coordinator
D. Vice president of finance
No Status
85. The primary purpose of developing organizational goals is to
A. provide direction.
B. ensure profitability.
C. assign authority.
D. establish loyalty.
No Status
86. What is the primary action needed to ensure that employees understand their roles in meeting the business's overall goals?
A. Peer evaluation
B. Brainstorming activities
C. Motivational speeches
D. Ongoing communication
No Status
87. What section of the statement of work (SOW) defines what the project will produce?
A. Schedule estimates
B. Purpose statement
C. Benefits and risks
D. Project deliverables
No Status
88. A project manager who wants a central location that contains relevant information about each component of the work breakdown structure (WBS) should develop a
A. WBS dictionary.
B. WBS thesaurus.
C. training chart.
D. pie chart.
No Status
89. When team members disagree about the best way to complete an activity, the project manager may need to
A. help resolve the conflict.
B. negotiate with external sources.
C. evaluate the reward system.
D. change the project scope.
No Status
90. Determine the type of project-closing report that would most likely contain the following statement: "In review, group members agreed that additional training before the project began and ongoing technical support during the course of the project would have increased overall efficiency."
A. Stakeholder's expense audit
B. Executive summary
C. Termination checklist
D. Lessons learned document
No Status
91. Which of the following is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world:
A. Weather patterns
B. Consumer pressure
C. Outdated technology
D. Currency fluctuations
No Status
92. The Six Sigma framework approaches the quality improvement of existing processes by implementing the DMAIC method, which includes the five steps of defining, measuring, analyzing,
A. influencing, and collaborating.
B. increasing, and counteracting.
C. instigating, and correcting.
D. improving, and controlling.
No Status
93. What step in the continuous improvement process will indicate if quality is increasing?
A. Evaluation
B. Documentation
C. Recommendation
D. Implementation
No Status
94. During a heavy rainstorm, Save-Cents Discount Store suffered severe structural damages and flooding. The store's insurance company refused to pay for the store's damages because of an unclear anticoncurrent clause that was placed in the back of the written insurance policy. The anti-concurrent clause allowed the insurance company to deny the claim because there were two sources of damage for the same loss. This situation presents an ethical issue for the insurance company if the
A. insurance company did not explain all of the policy's exclusions to the store.
B. store's owner failed to pay the insurance premium on time.
C. store purchased the insurance policy only a few weeks before the storm occurred.
D. insurance company refused to pay workers' compensation to the store's employees.
No Status
95. The MIB Company uses protective computer-software programs to minimize losses associated with its customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. purchasing.
B. security.
C. overhead.
D. performance.
No Status
96. Which of the following is a business risk associated with a failure to follow laws:
A. Increased inventory
B. Government fines
C. Decreased quotas
D. Goal achievement
No Status
97. Which of the following are characteristics of tactical planning:
A. Short-range and vague
B. Long-term and vague
C. Short-range and specific
D. Long-term and specific
No Status
98. What function of management involves developing a system for producing work?
A. Arranging
B. Organizing
C. Supervising
D. Controlling
No Status
99. What management function involves identifying qualified candidates to perform the business's work?
A. Leading
B. Staffing
C. Persuading
D. Controlling
No Status
100. The function of managerial control involves comparing what was planned with the
A. primary goals.
B. actual results.
C. operating policies.
D. established strategies.
No Status
Test Sample 2015
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. One of the main functions of the legal procedure is to
A. establish laws.
B. enact legislation.
C. resolve disputes.
D. dissolve businesses.
No Status
2. Marsha wants to invest her savings in a business. However, she wants to protect all of her personal assets. Which type of business ownership would be most appropriate for Marsha?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Franchise
C. Partnership
D. Corporation
No Status
3. Which of the following statements regarding company policies is true:
A. Company policies identify general company rules.
B. Company policies and procedures are the same thing.
C. Company policies describe emergency measures.
D. Company policies identify very specific employee actions.
No Status
4. Before an individual can follow verbal directions, s/he must first be ready to
A. listen.
B. write.
C. speak.
D. understand.
No Status
5. What is important to do when giving verbal directions to make sure the audience understands?
A. Maintain eye contact
B. Ask questions
C. Use gestures
D. Explain information
No Status
6. It is most appropriate for businesspeople to use complex, technical jargon when they are
A. introducing a friend to a business associate.
B. greeting new customers.
C. speaking with coworkers.
D. informally conversing with an acquaintance.
No Status
7. You have a customer on the phone who always ends up talking about his personal life for far too long. Today, he's telling you a long story about his recent vacation. However, you have several other calls on the line and tons of work to do. How should you handle this situation?
A. Tell the customer you don't have time to talk about personal issues, so he should stay on topic.
B. Tell the caller you're happy to hear about his vacation, but you have to take another call.
C. Transfer the call to someone else who has more time to talk to the customer.
D. Talk to the customer as long as he wants to appear more interested.
No Status
8. When participating in group discussions, it is often helpful to
A. appoint a leader.
B. try to socialize.
C. interrupt a speaker.
D. be aggressive.
No Status
9. What should a business employee do before writing an informational message?
A. Identify the audience
B. Plan a response
C. Wait for feedback
D. Select the medium
No Status
10. Which of the following are characteristics of a well-written executive summary:
A. Error free, simple, and creative
B. Clear, concise, and error free
C. Creative, concise, and informal
D. Concise, informal, and error free
No Status
11. What information should be included in the recommendations section of an analytical report?
A. Benefits and risks
B. Product characteristics
C. Budgetary constraints
D. Project status data
No Status
12. Which of the following statements would be placed in the introductory section of a research report:
A. The purpose of this study is to determine why sales have been decreasing for three consecutive quarters.
B. Based on the previously stated findings, it is recommended that the XYZ Company revise its operating budget.
C. The survey consisted of 250,600 respondents from the northern region of the country.
D. The statistics indicate that the business is losing up to 15% of its market share to new competitors.
No Status
13. Alex is very skilled in building positive customer/client relations because he can express himself without offending others. Alex would be described as having
A. tact.
B. integrity.
C. character.
D. generosity.
No Status
14. Kate's coworker Jack is meeting with a very important German client tomorrow. Kate has been to Germany several times, and tells Jack that German businesspeople tend to be very formal and serious in business situations. After learning this information, Jack now knows that he should avoid
A. using titles.
B. using humor.
C. shaking hands.
D. making eye contact.
No Status
15. Interpreting business policies to customers is usually easier if the business has created a ____________ atmosphere.
A. remote
B. distant
C. friendly
D. superior
No Status
16. Combining steel, glass, and other raw materials into a vehicle is an example of __________ utility.
A. time
B. place
C. form
D. possession
No Status
17. Monica has always loved to work with preschool children. She would like to open a day care center in her area. However, she does not have enough capital saved at this time. What business activity should Monica address first?
A. Accounting
B. Information management
C. Financial analysis
D. Marketing
No Status
18. “Brain drain” occurs when
A. a country loses talented employees to better opportunities overseas.
B. consumers spend too much time shopping online.
C. businesses outsource jobs to other countries.
D. people who speak different languages try to communicate with each other.
No Status
19. Which of the following will foster a business's ability to adapt to changing markets:
A. Authoritarian leadership
B. Reactive management
C. Proactive management
D. Conservative leadership
No Status
20. Which of the following is most likely to be a result of competition:
A. Development of new products
B. Reduction in product quality
C. High prices
D. More monopolies
No Status
21. Which of the following is a negative effect on businesses of government regulation:
A. The use of resources is regulated.
B. Unfair trade practices are prohibited.
C. Additional expense and inefficiency are experienced.
D. Patents, trademarks, and copyright protection are provided.
No Status
22. What organization helps union locals to become established, recruit new members, and negotiate with management?
A. Shop stewards
B. Federal government
C. National union
D. National Labor Relations Board
No Status
23. To calculate total revenue, a business multiplies the number of units sold by
A. average price per unit.
B. marginal revenue.
C. fixed costs.
D. marginal costs.
No Status
24. The United States' business culture tends to embrace self-reliance and personal accomplishment, which are characteristics of
A. an individualist society.
B. the concept of collectivism.
C. a long-term orientation.
D. a team-oriented mindset.
No Status
25. During a meeting with German businesspeople, an American businessperson introduced a change to the agenda. Because the German businesspeople were caught off guard by this change, they became upset, which indicates that German culture tends to
A. have a low tolerance for uncertainty.
B. be highly ethnocentric.
C. take greater risks than other cultures.
D. prefer a less-structured environment.
No Status
26. Because Costa Ricans do not like to be kept waiting, it is important for businesspeople to
A. arrive at meetings on time.
B. schedule frequent meeting breaks.
C. discuss business during lunch.
D. comply with local ordinances.
No Status
27. Which of the following is an example of a Saudi Arabian custom that relates to gender:
A. Friday is the day of rest.
B. Women are not permitted to drive a car.
C. The “thumbs up” symbol is offensive.
D. It is illegal to eat pork.
No Status
28. A businessperson offended a foreign client when s/he continuously made an insulting gesture. As a result, the client severed ties with the businessperson's company. This situation could have been avoided if the businessperson had
A. made an effort to learn the country's language before the meeting.
B. asked the client why s/he was upset during the meeting.
C. taken the time to learn about the client's culture before the meeting.
D. sent a letter of apology to the country's ambassador after the meeting.
No Status
29. Refusing to do things you really don't want to do is __________ your self-esteem.
A. not good for
B. harmful to
C. of no help to
D. good for
No Status
30. As the manager of her own company, Brooke is able to guide the company and its employees in a desired manner. Brooke possesses the trait of
A. leadership.
B. creativity.
C. empathy.
D. initiative.
No Status
31. What is often a positive result of accepting responsibility for a poor decision?
A. You reinforce skeptical attitudes.
B. You control others' opinions.
C. You demonstrate self-importance.
D. You gain others' respect.
No Status
32. To manage their work commitments in a timely manner, businesspeople should
A. estimate the time that it takes them to perform their tasks.
B. ask their coworkers to help them with routine activities.
C. work on enjoyable tasks before tackling the unpleasant tasks.
D. identify shortcuts that they can take get their work done quickly.
No Status
33. As a new employee, you receive constructive criticism about your job performance. This criticism is designed to
A. improve your ability to do the job.
B. show your lack of ability.
C. hurt and discredit you.
D. demonstrate the supervisor's superior job knowledge.
No Status
34. Effective managers involve employees in planning changes because people who help to initiate changes are usually more __________ to those changes.
A. resigned
B. receptive
C. resistant
D. indifferent
No Status
35. During a negotiation, a non-verbal behavior that indicates a negotiator's high level of confidence is
A. foot tapping.
B. direct eye contact.
C. arm crossing.
D. defensive facial expression.
No Status
36. Which of the following is an indication that employees might be experiencing a lot of stress:
A. Drinking one or two cups of coffee a day
B. Being irritated when dealing with customers
C. Concentrating on doing the job correctly
D. Having occasional conversations with coworkers
No Status
37. Henry's been at his current job for five years. He doesn't really like it but doesn't want to look for a new job because he's so used to this one. Henry avoids adapting because of
A. fear.
B. contentment.
C. lack of control or trust.
D. a desire for change.
No Status
38. Naya truly cares about her coachee, Jamie, and she wants Jamie to succeed. Which of the following coaching characteristics does Naya illustrate:
A. Positivity/Enthusiasm
B. Humility
C. Flexibility
D. Genuine concern for others
No Status
39. How does empathy help coworkers to be fair to each other?
A. Empathy gives coworkers the ability to learn a job quickly.
B. Coworkers with empathy are better able to understand others.
C. Coworkers with empathy are not likely to have disagreements.
D. Empathy helps coworkers to understand legal guidelines.
No Status
40. For an investment to yield positive results at the end of the investment period, the earnings should
A. grow by at least ten percent.
B. exceed the rate of inflation.
C. be accrued on a debt security.
D. be documented appropriately.
No Status
41. Regular credit accounts are sometimes called open accounts because they allow
A. first-time credit users to buy without having a credit check.
B. credit users to buy at any time during a set period.
C. credit users to make minimum payments any time during the month.
D. long-time credit users to make purchases without finance charges.
No Status
42. What do many individuals establish when planning for future financial needs?
A. Living will
B. College fund
C. Emotional intelligence
D. A work history
No Status
43. Ian's employer electronically places Ian's paycheck directly into his bank checking account every pay period. In what column on Ian's bank statement will he find these transactions?
A. Deposits and debits
B. Withdrawals and debits
C. Deposits and credits
D. Withdrawals and credits
No Status
44. Which of the following is the most likely action that the government takes when a person misses the deadline for filing his/her income tax return:
A. Penalty
B. Refund
C. Extension
D. Allowance
No Status
45. The section of the marketing plan that should address where the business will be located is the __________ section.
A. promotion
B. price
C. product
D. place
No Status
46. Two employees used a business's computerized accounting system to change some records. They were able to steal $50,000 from the business because the accounting system lacked which of the following:
A. Protection from theft and fraud
B. An affordable price
C. A manual system as backup
D. Printed financial statements
No Status
47. An estimate of a business's income and expenses for a specified period of time is a(n)
A. income statement.
B. report.
C. balance sheet.
D. budget.
No Status
48. What is an indicator of strong organizational ethics?
A. Refusal to accept responsibility
B. Overpromising
C. Underperforming
D. High trust and mutual respect
No Status
49. A computer program that captures the knowledge of experienced workers is known as a(n)
A. expert system.
B. intranet.
C. spreadsheet.
D. decision support system.
No Status
50. Because Robert is up for a promotion and wants to impress his manager, he will not share with his coworkers the tacit knowledge that helps him efficiently perform his job. Robert's reason for not sharing the information relates to
A. inevitable disclosure.
B. personal gain.
C. privacy issues.
D. group cohesiveness.
No Status
51. What do companies often use to assign and track various business tasks?
A. Surveillance system
B. Customer database
C. Accountability matrix
D. Magnetic cards
No Status
52. Corsica Steel Mill has developed a new process to reduce the time it takes to complete a phase of production. To legally protect this new process from unauthorized use, the company should obtain a
A. trade name.
B. copyright.
C. trademark.
D. patent.
No Status
53. The belief that profitable sales volume will result from giving customers quality products at fair and reasonable prices is part of the
A. consumers' movement.
B. planning process.
C. marketing mix.
D. marketing concept.
No Status
54. Which of the following is the most efficient tool for gathering external information that businesses need:
A. Internet
B. Library
C. Software
D. Textbooks
No Status
55. Which of the following types of information should a business keep on file indefinitely:
A. Cancelled checks
B. Federal income tax returns
C. Invoices
D. Credit card statements
No Status
56. Information management can be a challenge because the business world is
A. completely dependent on paper files.
B. suffering from a lack of information.
C. not open to new technology.
D. constantly changing.
No Status
57. The capability of combining graphics, text, animation, and sound is a unique characteristic of __________ software programs.
A. electronic
B. communication
C. numeric
D. presentation
No Status
58. Which of the following functions in a spreadsheet software program allows the computer user to change the format of the data from ascending to descending order:
A. Replace
B. Chart
C. Consolidate
D. Sort
No Status
59. Project-management software can help businesspeople allocate necessary resources and
A. authorize payments.
B. hire contractors.
C. establish credit.
D. schedule tasks.
No Status
60. Dale stores his customer records in a remote database that he accesses via the Internet. Where does Dale maintain his customer files?
A. In the cloud
B. On his hard drive
C. On a flash drive
D. In a log file
No Status
61. Why is it important for businesses to interpret statistical findings?
A. To develop charts and tables
B. To obtain useful information
C. To calculate frequency distributions
D. To organize a database
No Status
62. Plastico Manufacturing Company had to temporarily shut down one of its factories because it was emitting toxic chemicals into the air. Plastico was not complying with the community's
A. environmental regulations.
B. construction codes.
C. administrative policies.
D. estate laws.
No Status
63. Which of the following is a true statement about safety hazards in the workplace:
A. Ongoing equipment maintenance prevents most hazards.
B. Safety hazards are obvious to most people.
C. Safety hazards are the same for most businesses.
D. Poor housekeeping can cause safety hazards.
No Status
64. What must be determined before the work effort can be coordinated effectively?
A. The employees' requirements
B. Technical changes
C. Customer-satisfaction levels
D. The necessary tasks
No Status
65. Project management can benefit greatly from user-generated, user-updated websites called
A. encyclopedias.
B. forums.
C. wikis.
D. flash drives.
No Status
66. What should you develop during the process of identifying the people who have the skills that are needed to complete the project?
A. Status report
B. Sponsor list
C. Realistic budget
D. Job description
No Status
67. One of the first steps that a business usually takes to develop a project plan is to
A. identify needed resources.
B. prepare purchasing plans.
C. recruit new employees.
D. organize training classes.
No Status
68. Isabelle asks Todd, one of her project-team members, if he has collected all of the information that he needs to start tabulating a survey. What project-management activity is Isabelle performing?
A. Monitoring
B. Initiating
C. Coordinating
D. Assigning
No Status
69. A business that wants to maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors should
A. develop a competitive orientation.
B. share relevant information.
C. automate ordering processes.
D. request volume discounts.
No Status
70. Elaine, a buyer for a large retail chain, places a paper-goods order with Sheets Paper Company, one of five paper suppliers she uses, because Sheets has the best prices and can ship the order tomorrow. This is an example of a(n) ___________ order.
A. blanket
B. open
C. prepaid
D. standing
No Status
71. Why does a business keep stock on hand for resale?
A. So it can produce manufactured goods.
B. To sell it to end users
C. To use it in business operations
D. So it can buy raw materials.
No Status
72. Silence is an effective negotiating technique to use with a vendor when a business wants the vendor to
A. make a concession.
B. maintain its authority.
C. obtain leverage.
D. initiate a gridlock.
No Status
73. One of the benefits of production to consumers is that production
A. provides a way to be competitive.
B. provides a way to earn profits.
C. makes use of automation.
D. creates form utility.
No Status
74. Another term for quality is
A. non-conformance.
B. adequacy.
C. mediocrity.
D. excellence.
No Status
75. Which of the following is an area often used by customers that a business must maintain on a regular basis:
A. Employee lounge
B. Corporate office
C. Exterior sidewalk
D. Storage facility
No Status
76. A comprehensive report reveals that the Sabin Company can increase its data-entry outputs by 20% in a six-month period by installing the MMX software system. Sabin can use this type of business analysis to determine
A. how to increase its efficiency.
B. how to detect a problem.
C. why it should obtain new markets.
D. why it should evaluate work schedules.
No Status
77. Which of the following statements about creativity in marketing occupations is true:
A. Creativity is applicable to working with things rather than with people.
B. Creativity is not important for most marketing jobs.
C. Opportunities to be creative are limited to advertising and display.
D. Almost all marketing occupations involve creativity to some extent.
No Status
78. John frequently lists or ranks the things he needs to do in the order of their importance. John is __________ his activities.
A. categorizing
B. prioritizing
C. grouping
D. classifying
No Status
79. Kate works closely with all the company's departments to develop computer software programs that enhance the business's ability to communicate and obtain data. Kate works in the area of
A. marketing communications.
B. corporate management.
C. insurance and risk management.
D. business information technology.
No Status
80. Which of the following characteristics are necessary for entrepreneurs to be successful:
A. Creativity and innovation
B. Determination and aggression
C. Optimism and risk aversion
D. Timidity and organization
No Status
81. When preparing an interview follow-up letter, what might applicants include that they forgot to mention during the interview?
A. Position description
B. Social Security number
C. Personal background
D. Important information
No Status
82. One of the reasons why networking is so effective is because the contacts often
A. know how to communicate with others.
B. are interested in the same position.
C. have information about job skills.
D. work at the company that is hiring.
No Status
83. What tends to increase when all employees follow the company's rules of conduct?
A. Inflexible attitudes
B. Laissez-faire leadership
C. Subculture power conflicts
D. Organizational cohesiveness
No Status
84. Sally is a production-line worker who is experiencing problems with the production equipment. Following the appropriate chain of command, Sally should report the problem to
A. Tom, the production-section manager.
B. Sylvia, the vice president of operations.
C. Jim, the production-line supervisor.
D. Linda, the operations manager.
No Status
85. Which of the following provides the foundation for a business's overall planning and controlling activities:
A. Organizational goals
B. Profit margins
C. Ordering procedures
D. Product objectives
No Status
86. What do managers need to do to help employees understand their specific responsibilities in achieving the organization's goals?
A. Develop a mission statement
B. Communicate priorities
C. Create work subcultures
D. Collect information
No Status
87. In which component of the project's statement of work (SOW) would the following message most likely appear: “Due to the limited amount of time allocated to complete the study, the survey sample size may need to be reduced.”
A. Benefits
B. Purpose
C. Constraints
D. Deliverables
No Status
88. Isabelle is developing a document that divides a long-term project into meaningful subprojects and tasks, which she will use to guide the workflow. Isabelle is developing the
A. work breakdown structure.
B. project status report.
C. data interchange program.
D. technical operating system.
No Status
89. During a weekly status meeting, Tom said, “We've worked extremely hard and have made some tremendous progress on this stage of the project, so I am taking the team out to lunch next Wednesday.” What project-management activity is Tom performing?
A. Rewarding
B. Mentoring
C. Evaluating
D. Encouraging
No Status
90. Releasing equipment, materials, and team members are tasks that are completed during the ___________ phase of a project.
A. closing
B. scheduling
C. planning
D. initiating
No Status
91. What is a necessary component of quality-assurance activities?
A. Systematic process
B. Product innovation
C. Classified information
D. Supplier input
No Status
92. The Six Sigma quality management framework involves monitoring improvement processes by analyzing
A. quantitative information.
B. technology needs.
C. expansion plans.
D. employees' policies.
No Status
93. A potential benefit to businesses that implement continuous quality improvement processes is
A. increased costs.
B. increased sales.
C. decreased outputs.
D. decreased profits.
No Status
94. How can a business reduce risks that are associated with a poor public image:
A. Implement an ethics program
B. Maintain minimal inventory levels
C. Encourage fraudulent behavior
D. Offer credit to few customers
No Status
95. What type of risk-management technology can track individual traders' risk limits and notify management immediately if any trader exceeds her/his preset limit?
A. Automated oversight
B. Stress testing
C. Data aggregation
D. Corporate governance
No Status
96. Risk retention groups are typically only allowed to offer __________ insurance coverage.
A. life
B. liability
C. homeowners
D. health
No Status
97. The process of managerial planning typically helps to
A. guarantee positive results.
B. improve interpersonal relationships.
C. influence employees' adaptability.
D. maximize resource efficiency.
No Status
98. Which of the following is the management function that focuses on matching the appropriate person with the necessary skills for a specific job:
A. Leading
B. Interviewing
C. Coordinating
D. Staffing
No Status
99. What management function involves motivating and encouraging an employee?
A. Planning
B. Directing
C. Organizing
D. Recruiting
No Status
100. Inspecting raw materials before using them to produce finished goods is an example of ___________ control.
A. standard
B. concurrent
C. feedback
D. feedforward
No Status
Test ST-BMA-10
Business Management And Administration Cluster Exam
1. What is the federal agency responsible for enforcing environmental regulations?
A. Food and Drug Administration
B. Environmental Protection Agency
C. Federal Trade Commission
D. National Transportation Safety Board
No Status
2. What type of partnership arrangement might restrict a partner's liability?
A. "S"
B. Franchise
C. Limited
D. Close
No Status
3. Employees are more likely to be able to correctly follow directions if those directions are explained in
A. complex terminology.
B. chronological order.
C. excessive detail.
D. technical language.
No Status
4. What two elements are necessary for effective two-way communication to take place?
A. Sharing and understanding
B. Telling and informing
C. Sharing and caring
D. Words and meaning
No Status
5. Which of the following is a reason why you should not speak too fast on the telephone:
A. Your caller may become disinterested in what you are saying.
B. You run the risk of offending the caller with your tone.
C. Your caller may have difficulty understanding what you are saying.
D. You may sound as though you have a negative attitude.
No Status
6. When participating in group discussions, it is often helpful to
A. appoint a leader.
B. try to socialize.
C. interrupt a speaker.
D. be aggressive.
No Status
7. Oral presentations are structured in one of four formats. Which of the following examples illustrates the use of the cause and effect method:
A. Monet and Cezanne were both impressionist artists; however, their painting techniques and use of color varied greatly.
B. The public supports increased spending on national security, and a survey reports that over seventy percent of the citizens fear future terrorist attacks.
C. The use of toxic chemicals in the environment can result in the extinction of many species of waterfowl.
D. We will begin by discussing the basic steps used in developing effective time management techniques, and the first step is to prioritize all of your commitments.
No Status
8. The business manager tried to write a promotional letter that was simple, clear, and interesting so that customers who received it would
A. need to read it many times.
B. easily understand it.
C. find it entertaining.
D. ask what it really meant.
No Status
9. The type of business letter that is used to introduce an in-depth report is a letter of
A. transmittal.
B. recommendation.
C. transferral.
D. authorization.
No Status
10. Managers often receive brief summaries of information about the status of activities within their departments in the form of __________ reports.
A. short biographical
B. long research
C. detailed annual
D. simple progress
No Status
11. What information should be included in the recommendations section of an analytical report?
A. Budgetary constraints
B. Product characteristics
C. Benefits and risks
D. Project status data
No Status
12. At the beginning of a research report, the writer should include the
A. appendices.
B. solution to the problem.
C. purpose of the study.
D. bibliography.
No Status
13. Alex is very skilled in building positive customer/client relations because he can express himself without offending others. Alex would be described as having
A. generosity.
B. integrity.
C. character.
D. tact.
No Status
14. Customers who are satisfied with a business's policies often become loyal customers and tell their family and friends about the business. This helps the business to
A. obtain feedback.
B. adjust its policies.
C. build a clientele.
D. segment its market.
No Status
15. What is a guideline for salespeople to follow when handling disagreeable customers?
A. Serve promptly
B. Interrupt often
C. Act offended
D. Observe closely
No Status
16. Which of the following best defines the term economic services:
A. Useful, scarce, and transferable goods
B. Products that do not require distribution
C. Tangible objects which have monetary value
D. Productive acts that satisfy economic wants
No Status
17. The inputs that allow businesses to operate are called economic
A. models.
B. services.
C. resources.
D. incentives.
No Status
18. An example of information management is demonstrated when a business uses a working system for
A. researching customers' needs.
B. storing and retrieving information.
C. hiring appropriate employees.
D. conducting employee evaluations.
No Status
19. A disadvantage of government ownership of business in a communist command economy is
A. increased productivity.
B. efficient use of resources.
C. lack of competition.
D. less central planning.
No Status
20. What is one way that profitable businesses help to make the economy stronger and healthier?
A. By conserving resources for future use
B. By more conveniently serving customers
C. By increasing tax dollars paid to government
D. By developing new and improved goods and services
No Status
21. The use of robots in assembly-line work is a form of specialization involving
A. capitalism.
B. natural resources.
C. capital goods.
D. human resources.
No Status
22. When a country's exports exceed its imports, a trade __________ exists.
A. balance
B. deficit
C. surplus
D. expansion
No Status
23. A businessperson from a foreign country wearing an amulet to ward off evil is an example of
A. a class system.
B. cultural baggage.
C. a cultural belief.
D. ignorance.
No Status
24. Which of the following North American attitudes do many foreign businesspeople consider rude and arrogant behavior:
A. Directness and impatience
B. Politeness and inflexibility
C. Honesty and patience
D. Dedication and adaptability
No Status
25. Mr. Fox, a Canadian business owner, wanted to buy franchise rights to Frau Dietrich's Strudel chain, which is headquartered in Hanover, Germany. Mr. Fox was late arriving for the meeting, which is very insulting to Germans. Unfortunately, Mr. Fox did not get the deal because he failed to recognize the importance of __________ to German businesspeople.
A. time
B. space
C. achievement
D. education
No Status
26. Jack and Anna are U. S. businesspeople who are traveling to Brazil to meet with the president of a large Brazilian coffee-bean producer. A coworker tells them that the hand symbol that means "okay" in the United States is an offensive gesture to Brazilians. The coworker's comment suggests to Jack and Anna that they need be sensitive of their
A. body language.
B. verbal skills.
C. table manners.
D. gender differences.
No Status
27. Kevin is a Scottish businessperson who wanted to learn some key Japanese phrases to use during his meeting with Mr. Suzuki, the owner of an electronics company in Tokyo. When he greeted Mr. Suzuki for the first time, Kevin wanted to say in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I am honored to meet you." But instead, Kevin bowed, smiled, and said in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I would like you to kick me." Of course, Mr. Suzuki was confused and didn't know how to respond. This situation is an example of a problem that relates to
A. attitudes toward change.
B. nonverbal cues.
C. differences in work ethic.
D. language barriers.
No Status
28. Which of the following is a factor related to appearance that foreign businesspeople must consider when doing business in Middle Eastern countries:
A. Most Middle Easterners are Muslim, and pray five times a day.
B. Both men and woman are expected to wear modest clothing in public.
C. Crossing one's legs is an offensive gesture to Middle Easterners.
D. It is common for Middle Easterners to communicate slowly with periods of silence.
No Status
29. By demonstrating initiative, an employee can usually increase his/her chances of being
A. terminated.
B. exploited.
C. promoted.
D. transferred.
No Status
30. An employee who misuses company time is actually
A. shoplifting.
B. pilfering.
C. robbing.
D. stealing.
No Status
31. Tim is the technology manager for the MSJ Company. Tim is responsible for backing up the computer system each evening to make sure that the company has a copy of each day's computer activities and transactions. On Tuesday evening, Tim was running late for a meeting and decided not to conduct the backup activities. Later that night, the computer system crashed and all of Tuesday's computer data was lost. By apologizing to his boss for making a poor decision and offering to extra hours to help fix the problem, Tim was
A. blaming others for the consequences of his actions.
B. accepting the consequences for the decisions he made.
C. promising not to make any mistakes in the future.
D. taking the time to make informed decisions.
No Status
32. An important aspect of managing work commitments is
A. planning ahead.
B. scheduling activities close together.
C. focusing on unimportant details.
D. organizing others' activities.
No Status
33. A characteristic of positive people that is important to businesses is that people with a positive attitude are usually
A. inflexible.
B. generous.
C. responsible.
D. well trained.
No Status
34. Jenny's supervisor has called her into the office to suggest some ways she can be a better salesperson. Why is this feedback important to Jenny?
A. It tells her that she is in the wrong field.
B. It compares her to the other salespeople.
C. It tells her how she can improve her performance.
D. It makes her aware of her weaknesses.
No Status
35. Assertive people are direct and upfront rather than being
A. respectful.
B. considerate.
C. manipulative.
D. talkative.
No Status
36. To reach a consensus, the entire group must
A. count the votes.
B. agree on an alternative.
C. select a leader.
D. rely on the majority's opinion.
No Status
37. Which of the following is a behavior of an achievement-oriented leader:
A. Withholding feedback
B. Setting easy goals
C. Allowing followers to take moderate risks
D. Not allowing followers to take responsibility
No Status
38. One way a leader can encourage others to work toward a shared vision is by
A. describing the objective.
B. explaining how they will benefit.
C. reviewing the new assignment.
D. guaranteeing a profit for the business.
No Status
39. In order to form effective relationships at work, you should
A. adapt human relations skills to the different work situations.
B. develop a casual relationship with the people at work.
C. consider the number of people with whom you are in contact.
D. act the same in all situations and with all people.
No Status
40. Why do many people invest in certain types of life insurance policies?
A. To name important beneficiaries
B. To obtain disability income
C. To pay for private health care
D. To meet future financial needs
No Status
41. With a lending investment, investors do which of the following:
A. Maintain a minimum amount of money in the investment
B. Hire a financial advisor
C. Allow borrowers to use their money for a price
D. Avoid taking any risk
No Status
42. Which of the following identifies the need for capital and helps to reduce business risk:
A. Information system
B. Financial plan
C. Marketing plan
D. Cash-flow analysis
No Status
43. A business can determine its net income by subtracting total
A. sales revenue from trade credit.
B. liabilities from assets.
C. expenses from gross margin.
D. operating expenses from net worth.
No Status
44. What is often one of the largest sources of money flowing out of a business?
A. Goods and services
B. Accounts receivable
C. Profit and loss
D. Payroll and benefits
No Status
45. What category of an income statement indicates total profit?
A. Net profit
B. Bottom line
C. Cash flow
D. Gross profit
No Status
46. The administration of assets refers to decisions about
A. accounting.
B. investments.
C. spending.
D. financing.
No Status
47. The definition of a budget is
A. a plan for limiting your personal spending.
B. an estimate of income and expense for a specific period.
C. the key to a business's success.
D. a method for evaluating a manager's performance.
No Status
48. The first task in the HR management activity of staffing is
A. screening and selecting applicants.
B. determining need.
C. determining job descriptions.
D. recruiting.
No Status
49. Tacit knowledge is often based on experiences and personal expertise, while explicit knowledge is
A. based on intuition.
B. difficult to articulate and measure.
C. based on opinions.
D. easy to communicate and quantify.
No Status
50. Which of the following is an ethical issue that relates to knowledge management in the workplace:
A. The president of a small company asks her/his executive team for input regarding a business decision.
B. A project leader requests that each member of his/her team provide a status report to the group.
C. An employee deliberately doesn't share information with management that will help the company meet its goals.
D. The sales manager of a manufacturing firm shares the firm's quarterly sales goals with the sales staff.
No Status
51. Which of the following is an effective technological tool for businesspeople to use to share explicit knowledge simultaneously with coworkers who are in different geographic locations:
A. Webcam
B. Filters
C. Hyperlinks
D. Kiosk
No Status
52. A business can prevent its trade secrets from further disclosure to third parties by asking the court to issue a(n)
A. contract.
B. warrant.
C. appeal.
D. injunction.
No Status
53. A company's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market is known as its
A. market share.
B. efficiency.
C. ethics.
D. brand value.
No Status
54. Which of the following actions is not a part of information management:
A. Disseminating information
B. Processing data
C. Accessing information
D. Creating data
No Status
55. What type of technology does a business often use to communicate with its salespeople while they are traveling from customer to customer?
A. Cellular phones
B. Data processing
C. Fax machines
D. Voice recognition
No Status
56. The two best ways to send a document by e-mail are by
A. including it as a file attachment or by pasting it into the body of the e-mail.
B. rekeying the document as an e-mail or by sending a file attachment.
C. rekeying the document in the e-mail or by creating a hyperlink to the document.
D. creating a hyperlink to the document or by pasting it into the body of an e-mail.
No Status
57. One way that businesses use the "sort" capability of database software programs is to identify targeted customers and print
A. sales catalogs.
B. budget reports.
C. mailing labels.
D. internal memos.
No Status
58. Project-management software can help businesspeople allocate necessary resources and
A. hire contractors.
B. schedule tasks.
C. establish credit.
D. authorize payments.
No Status
59. Which of the following is a typical reason why businesses keep promotional records:
A. To prepare for lawsuits in advance
B. To time each promotion appropriately
C. To keep each promotion under budget
D. To answer employees' questions
No Status
60. As the use of marketing information systems continues to grow, it is important for businesses to be concerned with their customers'
A. rights to privacy.
B. access to credit.
C. level of service.
D. need for information.
No Status
61. What type of information should a company's marketing department review to make sure that enough products are available to meet customer demand for an upcoming sales promotion?
A. Financial
B. Inventory
C. Operations
D. Performance
No Status
62. The purpose of a company's operations function is to manage its
A. employees.
B. long-term goals.
C. communications.
D. day-to-day activities.
No Status
63. A corporation is building a facility in the city's business district. The city requires that the facility meet certain size, style, structural, and usage requirements. These requirements are outlined in the town's
A. partnership agreement.
B. health regulations.
C. zoning ordinances.
D. tax code.
No Status
64. Employees can help to protect the business from burglary by
A. having an emergency number next to the phone.
B. following the proper procedures for closing the business.
C. turning off all lights and locking the doors at closing.
D. putting all cash in the register at night.
No Status
65. What are you doing when you are prioritizing your work?
A. Assigning others to complete tasks for a project
B. Working on two or more activities at the same time
C. Determining which activities are the most important
D. Involving others in the decision-making process
No Status
66. Bill, Tara, and Lauren work for a small manufacturing firm that produces designer jeans. Bill is the fabric buyer, Tara buys the small items needed to construct the jeans, and Lauren sews the jeans. What does Lauren need from Bill and Tara to do her job?
A. Zippers, buttons and snaps from Tara and corduroy from Bill
B. Buttons, thread, and denim from Bill and zippers from Tara
C. Corduroy from Tara and zippers, snaps, and pins from Bill
D. Thread, buttons, and zippers from Tara and denim from Bill
No Status
67. Karen needs two coworkers to help her with a marketing project. Which of the following is the type of resource Karen needs to complete the project:
A. Financial
B. Technical
C. Human
D. Intangible
No Status
68. Isabelle asks Todd, one of her project-team members, if he has collected all of the information that he needs to start tabulating a survey. What project-management activity is Isabelle performing?
A. Monitoring
B. Initiating
C. Coordinating
D. Assigning
No Status
69. Which of the following actions will help a business maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors:
A. Withholding information
B. Limiting communication
C. Negotiating aggressively
D. Solving problems together
No Status
70. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Reorder
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Special
No Status
71. Which of the following are examples of supplies that a business might keep in inventory for employees to use to perform daily administrative and office tasks:
A. Staples, paper towels, copy paper, and pliers
B. Pens, paper clips, staples, and copy paper
C. Paper clips, hammer, envelopes, and pens
D. Envelopes, staples, paper towels, and pencils
No Status
72. Planning the quantities to produce is an important part of production planning because it helps to
A. prevent losses to the business.
B. sequence the steps in production.
C. increase consumer demand for the product.
D. locate the resources needed for the product.
No Status
73. Expenses such as payroll and rent that are necessary to the running of a business are called __________ expenses.
A. liability
B. fixed
C. variable
D. operating
No Status
74. Which of the following is a way that businesses can make good use of any money they save by controlling expenses:
A. To buy new equipment
B. To invest in their competitors
C. To obtain bank loans
D. To purchase excess inventory
No Status
75. A basic function of business maintenance is
A. construction of displays.
B. purchase of stock.
C. control of inventory.
D. repair of the firm's equipment.
No Status
76. Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A. human resources.
B. distribution.
C. finance.
D. production.
No Status
77. A general guideline for putting together an outfit of clothes is to make sure that the outfit
A. minimizes personal strengths.
B. looks as though it is expensive.
C. has several focal points.
D. is appropriate for the occasion.
No Status
78. In order to set your personal goals, you must have a clear understanding of
A. technology.
B. human relations.
C. yourself.
D. social responsibility.
No Status
79. Which of the following tests would help you to develop self-understanding by measuring your clerical perception, motor coordination, and manual dexterity:
A. General Aptitude Test Battery
B. Standard Proficiency Test
C. Scholastic Aptitude Test
D. Activities Preference Inventory
No Status
80. Taylor works as a public relations manager. His career is in the area of
A. marketing research.
B. operations management.
C. professional selling.
D. marketing communications.
No Status
81. Successful entrepreneurs enjoy their work and often start their businesses so that they can share their interests and enthusiasm with others. In other words, successful entrepreneurs have __________ what they do.
A. concerns about
B. passion for
C. apathy for
D. reservations about
No Status
82. Which of the following is a promotional method that enables businesses to introduce new products and generate new sales leads at the same time:
A. Trade shows
B. Sales contests
C. Cash rebates
D. Free samples
No Status
83. If an employee continuously fails to follow the firm's rules of conduct, the firm is likely to
A. change its policies.
B. promote the employee.
C. take disciplinary action.
D. develop quotas.
No Status
84. At the Kimball Manufacturing Company, Ken is the production-line supervisor, Sarah is the lead line worker, Margaret is the production-section supervisor, Maggie is the vice president of production, and William is the plant manager. Following a vertical chain of command, who does Ken report to?
A. William
B. Sarah
C. Maggie
D. Margaret
No Status
85. The primary purpose of developing organizational goals is to
A. ensure profitability.
B. provide direction.
C. assign authority.
D. establish loyalty.
No Status
86. An employee's role in helping a business meet its organizational goals is affected by the employee's
A. comfort with risk.
B. benefits package.
C. job responsibilities.
D. networking abilities.
No Status
87. What section of the project charter describes the boundaries of the project?
A. Project resources
B. Project objectives
C. Project background
D. Project scope
No Status
88. Which of the following is the first step in developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for a project:
A. Ensure that work tasks are being completed in the proper order.
B. Divide the workload into independent work packages.
C. Evaluate the quality of completed activities in relation to the project goals.
D. Determine how long it will take to complete each work task.
No Status
89. Which of the following is a true statement about the responsibilities associated with managing a project team:
A. Project managers are often responsible for coordinating the activities of team members from several departments.
B. The most important aspect of managing a project team is developing an overall operating budget for the organization.
C. Project managers usually require team members to work out any conflicts they have on their own.
D. It is more important for effective project mangers to have financial-management expertise than effective communication skills.
No Status
90. Which of the following is an activity performed during the close-out phase of a project:
A. Sequencing tasks
B. Documenting results
C. Selecting resources
D. Setting goals
No Status
91. An important aspect of Jason's job is developing better, more efficient organizational processes. The aspect of quality management in which Jason is involved is
A. improvement.
B. assuranc e.
C. deviation.
D. consistency.
No Status
92. The Six Sigma framework of quality management takes a disciplined approach to continuously providing better quality and
A. assessing competitors.
B. lowering costs.
C. changing intermediaries.
D. increasing visibility.
No Status
93. A primary reason it is important for businesses to continuously try to improve work processes is to
A. increase efficiency.
B. motivate employees.
C. encourage creativity.
D. communicate effectively.
No Status
94. How can management reduce the business's level of risk associated with ethics:
A. Allow employees to follow their own set of ethics.
B. Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics.
C. Assume employees know what constitutes ethical behavior.
D. Advise employees that following business ethics depends on the situation.
No Status
95. The MIB Company uses protective computer-software programs to minimize losses associated with its customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. performance.
B. purchasing.
C. overhead.
D. security.
No Status
96. Which of the following is a risk associated with management's failure to follow business regulations:
A. Lower insurance premiums
B. Financial losses in relation to lawsuits
C. Expected customer-satisfaction levels
D. Effective reporting methods
No Status
97. Which of the following is an element of the planning function of management:
A. Training employees
B. Monitoring work
C. Setting goals
D. Assessing performance
No Status
98. Jackie is a manager with the SDP Company and is establishing a systematic way for her department to complete a long-term assignment. What function of management is Jackie carrying out?
A. Organizing
B. Leading
C. Staffing
D. Controlling
No Status
99. Which of the following is a primary staffing consideration when a manager decides to hire a new employee:
A. Reimbursement procedures
B. Investment goals
C. Communication methods
D. Necessary skills
No Status
100. The scope of control that staff members have over their jobs affects the amount of time that a manager spends
A. negotiating employee contracts.
B. developing workplace policies.
C. identifying ways to achieve goals.
D. directing their work activities.
No Status