Test 1167
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. C
Negligence. A business might be sued for negligence if it does not take reasonable precautions to protect workers from risks or health hazards on the job. The basis of negligence is that the problems could have been easily avoided if the business had made some minor adjustments. Consequently, businesses usually try to make the workplace as safe as possible in order to avoid being sued for negligence. Misrepresentation involves making unrealistic claims about products. Libel is making false statements that harm an individual's reputation. Incompetence involves not having the skills or abilities necessary to perform satisfactorily.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2017). Negligence. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://injury.findlaw.com/accident-injury-law/negligence.html
2. C
Capacity. Certain conditions must be met for a contract to be legally enforceable. Capacity involves having the mental and cognitive ability to make and understand the agreement and the consequences of their actions. If one party is a child or is found to be mentally challenged or impaired, the contract is invalid and unenforceable. Consideration means that the agreement must include something of value that both parties bargain for. Genuineness of assent means that all parties know what they are agreeing to. Legality of purpose means that the agreement must not violate any laws.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Stim, R. (2017). Who lacks the capacity to contract? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/lack-capacity-to-contract-32647.html
3. D
Sole proprietorship. Other advantages of a sole proprietorship are that it is easy to start, it has certain tax advantages, and the details of the business can be kept private. In a partnership, the profits are divided among the partners who sometimes disagree as to how profits should be divided. In a corporation, the profits are divided among the stockholders. The officers of the corporation are responsible for the actual operation and management of the firm. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources, such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. C
Sales. Sales taxes are monies charged on sales of certain goods and services by state and/or local governments. The tax amount varies by location. After the business collects the sales tax from customers for their purchases, it pays the monies to the appropriate government agency. Income taxes are monies that the business withholds from its employees' wages. Estate taxes are monies that are collected from a person's estate upon his/her death. Corporations rather than customers pay corporate taxes.
SOURCE: BL:009
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, April 27). Sales tax. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/salestax.asp
5. D
They must be properly managed. To be effective, channels must be properly managed. Channel members must share (not varying) common goals, and channel members must share tasks appropriately. Channels can be effective no matter how many members they have.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: LAP-CM-002 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
6. A
Promoting products. Channel intermediaries are persons or businesses that perform channel functions in an indirect channel of distribution. They can be responsible for such marketing functions as buying, selling, pricing, marking, storing, packaging, promoting, and financing. Recruiting workers for the business, training employees, and monitoring union activities are human resources activities, not marketing functions.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
7. A
Intensive. Producers of consumer goods, such as dishwashing soap or candy, should use intensive distribution in order to make their product as available to consumers as possible. Exclusive distribution would make this product less available to the everyday consumer, as in the case of upscale cars or clothing, and is impractical for this type of product. Inclusive distribution is not a recognized distribution strategy. Selective distribution is a balance between intensive and exclusive distribution, such as the sale of certain power tools only through one or two retailers, and like exclusive distribution, is impractical for dishwashing soap.
SOURCE: CM:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 504-505). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. B
Specific benefits. A proposal is an informational document that presents the reader with a call to action. A proposal often suggests ways to solve a problem or to obtain information by taking a specific course of action. Because the proposal developer's goal is to get his/her suggestions implemented, a well-written proposal will tell the reader how s/he will benefit by implementing the procedures or using the data that the document provides. A well-written proposal does not necessarily include vague goals, previous trends, or contingency data.
SOURCE: CO:062
SOURCE: Brandall, B. (2016, September 7). How to write a proposal and get what you want. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.process.st/how-to-write-a-proposal/
9. C
Brand promise. A business's brand promise is its (spoken or unspoken) agreement with its customers that it will consistently meet their expectations. When Patricia's customers visit her business, they know they'll receive outstanding customer service every time. A brand promise should go above and beyond goods and services and focus on something other businesses don't offer. For example, the other auto repair shops in town may do repairs that are just as good, but it's Patricia's outstanding customer service that sets her apart. A tagline is a company's slogan. Taglines often change based on marketing campaigns and cultural shifts, but a company's brand promise is permanent. A vision is the future a business desires to create. Providing great customer service may be part of Patricia's vision, but that alone is not a vision. A mission statement is a brief summary of what a business owner wants to be doing. This is not the same as a brand promise.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006 Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
10. C
Regulatory and political issues. Revenues and profits are affected by what governments require. Companies often have to invest time and money to comply with tax standards, environmental regulations, employee protection laws, and many other government guidelines. Financial loss from complying with accounting standards does not result from reputation damage, changing customer needs, or obsolescence.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
11. B
Protecting the environment. Unleaded gas is less harmful to the environment than leaded gas. Specific businesses are protected through subsidies or price supports. Public goods are items used by all people regardless of whether they can pay for them. The economy is stabilized through the government's monetary and fiscal policies.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
12. A
Large manufacturing plant. Economies of scale is the concept that increasing the scale of production will lead to a decrease in the cost of production while increasing the output. This concept is often associated with large businesses, such as a large manufacturing plant, because the size of the facility makes it possible to produce more while spending less. Large plants usually are more specialized and have more equipment, which enables them to increase production. An individual financial planner and a small local retailer tend to be labor intensive and cannot afford the expense of equipment needed to gain economies of scale. A monopoly does not need to be concerned with its economies of scale since customers have nowhere else to obtain the product.
SOURCE: EC:077
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (2017, April 19). What are economies of scale? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/012703.asp#axzz2DS4Azeprl
13. C
Cultural sensitivity. Culture is the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. The way that different people interact with one another is an expression of their culture. Businesspeople need to be sensitive to the fact that their foreign customers may have unique customs such as bowing when they greet rather than shaking hands. They should accept these customs and try to make their foreign customers feel comfortable. Businesspeople who behave in this manner are showing respect for other customs and habits and are exhibiting cultural sensitivity. Communication skills are abilities to express yourself clearly and simply. Stereotypical behavior involves acting in a manner that conforms to a set image. Language differences occur when people speak different languages.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-011 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
14. C
Persuasive words. "Yes, you'll save money instantly" uses several persuasive words. It is also directed to the person you're speaking with, instead of being an impersonal message. This statement does not demonstrate body language or threatening language.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
15. C
S/He is decisive, even in uncertain circumstances. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Self-confident leaders are decisive, even in uncertain circumstances. Being invested in the work team is a characteristic associated with responsibility. Demonstrating empathy is a characteristic associated with emotional intelligence. The ability to share a vision is a separate leadership characteristic.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016 Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
16. A
It's the only way they will become committed to it. It's difficult to get people excited about a vision they don't really feel a part of. But when that vision is shared by the whole team, each member can feel personally invested in its success. Leaders may be able to force cooperation or compliance for a certain amount of time, but this will only result in low employee morale and, in the long run, will do nothing to further the vision. Only when team members feel the vision "belongs" to them as much as to the rest of the team or organization will they become truly committed to it. Team members are not necessarily responsible for determining the vision, and they may be talented creatively even if they are not fully committed.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
17. A
Each group of stakeholders has different needs and expectations. Stakeholders are people who are affected by a project's or business's success or failure. The needs and expectations of different groups of stakeholders depend on the individual perspectives of those stakeholders. Stakeholder expectations are not always financially driven. All stakeholders do not necessarily want to exert authority over employees; furthermore, employees are stakeholders. Stakeholder expectations do not always come second to customer needs; customers are stakeholders, and their expectations are considered alongside other stakeholders.
SOURCE: EI:113
SOURCE: MacLellan, M. (2013, December 17). Defining, understanding, and meeting the needs of stakeholders. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.londonschoolofmarketing.com/blog/bid/360192/Defining-understanding-andmeeting-the-needs-of-stakeholders
18. D
Sharing those businesses' content on social media. One way to leverage business relationships is to show other businesses how your business can provide value to them. Sharing content on social media helps show the businesses that Julio is willing to promote their content to others. In exchange, those businesses will be more likely to promote Julio's content in the future. Persistently asking those business owners to invest in his company might irritate the business owners and tarnish Julio's relationships with them. Attending trade shows and conferences to make new connections is a great way to build new relationships, but not necessarily to leverage existing relationships. Gaining inside marketing information from the other businesses is not necessarily ethical and would likely damage these business relationships in the long run.
SOURCE: EI:116
SOURCE: Craig-Hart, S. (2016, November 1). 5 ways to help develop and leverage powerful business relationships. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://smartsimplemarketing.com/5ways-to-help-develop-and-leverage-powerful-business-relationships
19. D
Entrepreneur. An entrepreneur is anyone who creates, launches, organizes, and manages a new business and takes on the risk of that business. Hazel is an entrepreneur because she created and launched a new childcare business where she is accountable for risk. A franchiser is the owner of a business who gives the rights to operate a branch of that business to someone else in exchange for a fee and profits. A wholesaler is a merchant who sells to other businesses for resale or business use. A direct salesperson is someone who sells a product directly to customers.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 779). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
20. D
Have an adventurous spirit. Entrepreneurs must have an adventurous spirit because they assume a lot of risk and uncertainty, as well as experience excitement and spontaneity. Entrepreneurs do not necessarily have to be independently wealthy, though they should have enough in savings to survive at least a few years without turning a profit. Entrepreneurial business owners should not desire a regular 40-hour work week because entrepreneurs work long and irregular hours. Finally, entrepreneurial business owners need to plan ahead and account for all the resources they will need to start a new business.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 779-780). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. B
Technological advances. Due to the prevalence of the Internet and other technologies, it is easier for businesses of any size to engage in international trade. A rising international middle class, rather than a decreasing one, makes it easier than ever for small businesses to engage in international trade. Language barriers and increased regulation do not make it easier to engage in international trade.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Sarda, K. (2013, November 12). The secrets to taking your small business global. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/groupthink/2013/11/12/the-secretsto-taking-your-small-business-global/#54f7280e2acf
22. B
Lower tariffs. A business opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service. Entrepreneurs often find business opportunities by monitoring trends or the direction in which society is moving. One trend that positively affects international business is the lowering of trade barriers, including tariffs, which are taxes on import and export products. International trade is becoming more affordable and profitable because businesses do not pay as much in tariffs. Extreme changes in currency rates may influence a businessperson's decision to trade internationally, but currency rates always fluctuate somewhat, which indicates that fluctuations are not a trend. Trade agreements are not enforceable when a country does not want to participate. The reference to higher allowances is too general in nature to consider it a trend.
SOURCE: EN:003
SOURCE: Dabla-Norris, E., & Duval, R. (2016, June 20). How lowering trade barriers can revive global productivity and growth. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://blogs.imf.org/2016/06/20/how-lowering-trade-barriers-can-revive-global-productivityand-growth/
23. B
Neutral. The goal of a group brainstorming session is to generate as many ideas as possible within a set amount of time. The facilitator's role is to guide the discussion and record the group's ideas. It is important for the facilitator to remain neutral or objective when group members share their ideas. By remaining objective and not judging or criticizing ideas, the facilitator helps the group feel comfortable and more willing to provide input. Part of the facilitator's role is to keep the group on track, so the facilitator should exhibit assertive behavior rather than a passive attitude. Exhibiting an authoritarian or rigid attitude may prevent group members from sharing their ideas.
SOURCE: EN:006
SOURCE: Hawkins, C. (2008-2017). Meeting facilitation tips: Facilitating great meetings. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.makemeetingsmatter.com/articles/MeetingFacilitationTips.html
24. D
T-shirts, printing machine, and artwork. The requirements (e.g., time, money, and supplies) that a person needs to start a business differ and usually depend on the nature of the business. The basic requirements for starting a home-based T-shirt printing business are T-shirts, artwork to put on the Tshirts, and a printing machine to transfer the artwork to the T-shirts. Landon does not need thread or display cases to get this type of home-based business up and running.
SOURCE: EN:009
SOURCE: Martin, M. (2017, July 19). What do I need to start a t-shirt business? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/need-start-t-shirt-business-2263.html
25. D
Logo. A trademark is legal protection granted by the government to the owner, usually a business, of a distinctive symbol, mark, name, or motto. A company's logo may include a distinctive symbol, mark, or name, or a combination of the elements. A patent legally protects an invention. A trade secret is undisclosed information that is valuable to a business (e.g., customer lists). A copyright legally protects the owner of computer software.
SOURCE: EN:013
SOURCE: United States Patent and Trademark Office. (2016, May). Protecting your trademark: Enhancing your rights through federal registration. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/BasicFacts.pdf
26. A
Private equity. When a start-up business owner obtains money in a way that s/he does not have debt, it is called private equity. This may include using personal savings, receiving money from friends and relatives, or soliciting support from private investors. Private investors generally expect a financial return on their investment. Credit and banks are debt-based ways to finance a business because these options involve repaying a loan. Collateral savings is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: EN:016
SOURCE: Riley, J. (2015). Sources of finance for a startup or small business. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/sources-of-finance-for-a-startup-orsmall-business
27. B
Payroll expenses. A small-business owner considers many factors when determining if s/he should hire an employee. Payroll tends to be the largest expense for a business, so the small-business owner must determine how much or if s/he can afford to pay an employee. Payroll expenses include the employee's salary, taxes, health and disability insurance, benefits, etc. After the small-business owner decides to hire additional staff, s/he can determine the appropriate interview techniques and training methods to use. Product standards are a product management consideration rather than a staffing consideration.
SOURCE: EN:018
SOURCE: Greene, C.L. (2011). Entrepreneurship: 21st century business (2nd ed.) [pp. 128-129]. Mason, OH: South Western Cengage Learning.
28. B
Proximity. Resources are the items or people that a business uses to accomplish a goal or to make a product. Small-business owners must consider both the costs and the benefits in obtaining resources, such as hiring a new employee, contracting a transportation company, or obtaining raw materials for manufacturing. If Al moves the company's headquarters, the costs are the possibility of losing good employees and the financial burden associated with a large move. The benefit of moving is the proximity, or being closer to the raw materials the company needs to manufacture its products. The benefit of being closer is that communication might improve due to the proximity, and the company may save transportation costs since the raw materials are closer to the manufacturing equipment. Demand, feasibility, and independence are not benefits for moving the company.
SOURCE: EN:021
SOURCE: Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011). Entrepreneurship: A small business approach (p. 78). New York: The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
29. A
Business operations. Business operations are all of the functions that keep a business running. Inventory management, financial activities, advertising, sales, human resources management, and distribution are important functions that keep a business going. For example, a business functions more efficiently when the appropriate inventory is in stock because the product is available to sell and to ship to the customers. Efficiency standards, various goals, and outputs are elements of the business operations.
SOURCE: EN:023
SOURCE: Kiisel, T. (2015, July 22). What is operations? And why does my business need it? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.ondeck.com/blog/what-is-operations/
30. D
Territory. Work flow is the order in which information is shared, tasks are performed, and decisions are made in relation to activities that keep a business running. A business organizes its work flow in a manner that best suits the nature of the business and its goals. One way to organize work flow is to divides work-related tasks by geographic location, such as territory or region. When a business organizes groups to do specific short- or long-term projects, work flow is organized in work teams. Authority and relationship are not widely used terms that businesses use to describe work flow organization methods.
SOURCE: EN:027
SOURCE: Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011). Entrepreneurship: A small business approach (pp. 159-161). New York: The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
31. B
Creative solutions. Creative problem solving is the process of finding solutions to issues or obstacles (problems) by generating unique ideas or approaches. To generate unique ideas or approaches, smallbusiness owners use creative-thinking techniques, which often involve looking at problems or issues from different points of view. For example, a business might have a problem with a distribution process. The owner might look at the problem from a shipping department employee's perspective, a customer's perspective, or an intermediary's perspective to find a way to solve the problem. Business owners do not look at problems from various points of view to develop arguments, conflicts, or unpredictable results.
SOURCE: EN:029
SOURCE: Cleverism.com. (2015, September 26). Why creativity is so crucial for entrepreneurs? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.cleverism.com/why-creativity-is-so-crucialfor-entrepreneurs/
32. C
Serving on the board of directors. By taking the company "public," Ellen is beginning the "IPO" (initial public offering) process. IPO means that the business owner is selling stock to the public and giving up control of some or all of the business; over time, the venture becomes a public corporation. By incorporating the business, the owner is selling stock to anyone who wants to buy into the company. When a business becomes a public corporation, it must follow strict government rules and regulations, including forming a board of directors to guide the corporation. Sometimes, to stay somewhat involved in the business, the business owner (entrepreneur) will serve on the board of directors. Being a board member often makes the transition or exit process smoother. The board appoints the corporation's president or successor, so Ellen does not have total control over that activity. Tactical acquisition is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: EN:036
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, December 16). Board of directors - B of D. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/boardofdirectors.asp
33. B
Assets, liabilities, owner's equity. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The statement first lists assets, anything of value that a business owns; then liabilities, or debts, that the business owes; and finally owner's equity, or the amount the owner has invested in the business, plus or minus profits and losses. Revenues, or income; expenses, or expenditures; and profit are components of an income statement, or profit-and-loss statement. Margin is a term that describes the difference between net sales and cost of goods sold.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. B
Income statement. The balance sheet has a close relationship with the company's income statement. Changes to the income statement directly affect the numbers on the balance sheet. The balance sheet shows the company's mortgage as a liability, but the two are not closely related. The company's value on the balance sheet is quite different from its fair market value. Statement of financial position is another name for the balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010 The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
35. D
Financial picture. A business's income statement summarizes where the business's money came from and where it went. It is an entire financial picture that lists all revenue and expenses for a certain time period, usually one year. An income statement includes information used in budgets and cash-flow reports. It is a picture of a business's financial status, rather than a prediction of the financial future.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
36. A
Helps people within a business rather than outside of the organization. Managerial accounting is focused on providing financial information for internal organizational use. In contrast, financial accounting information is used outside of the organization. Managerial accounting does focus on planning and budgeting. Financial accounting, rather than managerial accounting, is governed by federal regulation. Finally, managerial accounting has more impact on decision-making than financial accounting because it is used within the organization as decisions are made.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Jan, I. (2011-2013). Managerial accounting. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://accountingexplained.com/managerial/introduction/
37. C
Has no record of repaying loans. Banks look at many factors to determine if a business is worthy of credit. Start-up businesses borrow money based on the entrepreneur's past record of loan repayment because the business is new and has no previous debt repayment record. If a business incorporates, other avenues of securing capital are available. If start-up businesses have sufficient collateral and a solid business plan, it is easier for them to obtain financing from a bank.
SOURCE: FI:034
SOURCE: Carabelli, C. (2012, April 9). What do banks look at for loans? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/banks-look-loans-42003.html
38. A
Purchasing a second location. If a business has been running successfully for several years, it may be in the expansion stage of its lifecycle. This could mean that the company would consider purchasing a second location. The company would acquire start-up funds, decide on financial goals, and determine product prices at a much earlier stage in development.
SOURCE: FI:339
SOURCE: Ryan, K. (2015, March 23). The 4 stages of the business lifecycle and how to recognize what you need next. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.roseryan.com/blog/2015/03/the-4-stages-of-the-business-lifecycle/
39. D
Profit-maximizing quantity of output. Marginal analysis compares marginal cost and marginal revenue to determine the amount of output that produces the greatest profits. It does not help determine how a manager can cut costs. Although it might help an investor to choose among investments, it does not determine the likely returns on a particular, new investment. And, although it might help determine the optimal number of employees, it does not determine the best qualities to look for in potential employees.
SOURCE: FI:358
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, June 12). Marginal analysis. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/marginal-analysis.asp
40. A
Sales force composite. There are several advantages to the sales force composite. More accurate forecasts for individual products can usually be obtained because sales personnel have first-hand knowledge about demand for certain products as a result of their constant contact with customers. It is an inexpensive method to use because it has few costs other than the time required. It also provides as much detail as the business might need because the business can forecast sales for individual products and for an overall company sales forecast. The Delphi sales-forecasting method can take a lot of time; therefore, it is expensive. The survey of buyer intentions sales forecasting method is not always accurate since customers sometimes can't make accurate predictions of their buying intentions. The jury of executive opinion sales forecasting method may be too optimistic or too conservative depending upon the executives' viewpoints. Therefore, some forecasters consider this a form of guesswork, thereby requiring the use of other forecasting methods to support it.
SOURCE: FI:096
SOURCE: Insight Central. (2011, February 10). Forecast Friday topic: Expert judgment. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://analysights.wordpress.com/tag/sales-force-compositeforecasts/
41. C
Commissions. Commission is a percentage of the total sale amount paid to the individual who makes the sale. Many businesses pay a commission to salespeople, which is part of their salary. Salaries and wages are operating expenses that are listed in a business's income statement. Purchases and value of inventory are included in the cost of merchandise sold category of an income statement. Allowances are deductions that are indicated in the revenue category of an income statement.
SOURCE: FI:102
SOURCE: Kennon, J. (2017, May 29). Operating expense on the income statement. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/operating-expense-on-the-incomestatement-357586
42. D
Vertical analysis. Vertical analysis is often used to show the relationship of each component to the total within a single financial statement. Horizontal analysis is a comparison of the same items on a company's financial statements for two or more periods. Businesses often compare their financial results with industry standards or averages to determine how well they are actually performing. Fundamental analysis involves studying all aspects of a company in an effort to understand its intrinsic value.
SOURCE: FI:334
SOURCE: CCD Consultants. (2009-2015). Financial ratios interpretation. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.ccdconsultants.com/calculators/financial-ratios/financial-ratiosanalysis-and-interpretation?tab=interpretation
43. B
Recruiting. The part of staffing that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential job candidates is called recruiting. HR managers have many different methods for recruitment, and they will choose the ones that are most appropriate to their industry and the position(s) available. Training is an HR management activity that ensures employees are knowledgeable and productive. On-boarding is an HR management activity that gets a new employee started on the job. Interviewing comes after recruiting recruiting produces potential candidates to interview.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. D
Key words. Many large businesses must handle several hundred applications and résumés. To save time and money, these businesses screen applicants for open positions by using computer software that scans the application or résumé and searches for key words that the business selects when establishing job criteria. For example, if a business needs to fill a position that requires certain computer software knowledge, the business might select the name of the software as a key word. Then, human resources personnel review the documents that contain the key words and examine them in more detail. A text search might include salary requirements, numerical ratings, and typographical errors, but businesses do not always request this type of information, which may be difficult to capture accurately.
SOURCE: HR:354
SOURCE: Ideal. (2016, October 26). Resume screening: A how-to guide for recruiters. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://ideal.com/resume-screening/
45. D
Decreased cost of selection. Careful selection of employees can save money through reduced costs associated with hiring and training and through increased levels of productivity. Other benefits of good employee selection are reduced risk of poor employee morale, reduced risk of poor job performance, reduced employee turnover, and time savings.
SOURCE: HR:356
SOURCE: Le Maire, N. (2014, August 26). The importance of hiring the right people. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://newtohr.com/importance-hiring-right-people/
46. A
Employee satisfaction. An advantage of training staff is that it tends to increase employee satisfaction. Employees who have the training to do their jobs correctly usually perform well on the job and are satisfied with their situation. If employees do not have the necessary training, they may become discouraged and unmotivated. Dissatisfied employees often are not productive because it is difficult for them to work effectively. Training may increase operating expenses which is a disadvantage of training. Training does not necessarily increase compensation or feedback.
SOURCE: HR:392
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). Employee training and development: Reasons and benefits. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://managementhelp.org/training/basics/reasons-fortraining.htm
47. C
Ann tells her boss that Brad talks loudly on the phone and distracts her ability to focus on work. Employees complain about a variety of different things in the workplace. Sometimes, a coworker's habits are an issue with employees. In many situations, these problems can be resolved quickly and easily. In this situation, Ann works in close proximity to a loud talker, which is distracting her, so Ann has a valid complaint about a coworker. Ann or her boss can simply ask Brad to lower his voice. Inefficiencies with a computer system and problems with machinery are complaints about the business's processes or operations. Mario's complaint is about the company's salary policies.
SOURCE: HR:366
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 263). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. D
To determine customer preferences and minimize losses. Businesses obtain marketing information in order to develop a product that customers want and need. By doing research, companies obtain marketing information that helps them to minimize the losses that may occur from introducing a product that customers do not want. Businesses do not conduct marketing research to increase costs, although they may identify consumer dislikes. The goal is not to delay production or increase labor costs. Marketing research may identify trends, but it is not intended to provide information to customers.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: LAP-IM-012 Data Do It! (Need for Marketing Data)
49. C
Accuracy. Accuracy is absolutely essential in gathering, recording, and analyzing marketing-research data if the data are to be of value to the business. Inaccurate data can cause the business to make incorrect or unwise decisions. The frequency with which research is conducted would depend upon the needs of the business. Primary data are facts collected specifically for the problem or project at hand. Secondary data are facts that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. A marketing-research project may require either or both kinds of data.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
50. A
Marketing-information management. This function involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Product/Service management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Transportation is the physical movement of products from one location to another or the method by which they are moved.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001 Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
51. D
Promotion. The promotion element of marketing refers to the various types of strategies that marketers use to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Product refers to what goods, services, or ideas will be offered to customers. Price involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Place, or distribution, involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002 Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. C
Have financial resources. A market is a customer or a potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. Consumers' brand preferences are not a factor. Knowing who makes the product or where it is sold are not necessary to the existence of a market.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. B
Size. When identifying market segments, it is necessary to consider various criteria. An important criterion is the size of the market because there must be a sufficient number of people in the market for it to provide a good profit potential. Today, many small markets are increasing in size and attracting the attention of businesses because there is a lot of potential for growth. An example is ethnic market segments that are becoming significant. Age, gender, and occupation are demographic characteristics of a market rather than criteria for identifying market segments.
SOURCE: MP:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 43-49). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Lack of management depth. A SWOT analysis identifies possible strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A lack of management depth is a potential weakness that a manager might identify. Highquality products are examples of a potential strength. Competitors failing is an example of potential opportunity. Low-cost foreign competition is an example of a potential threat.
SOURCE: MP:010
SOURCE: LAP-MP-004 Analyze This! (SWOT Analysis)
55. A
Objectives. Objectives are goals the business wants the marketing plan to reach. The objectives in a marketing plan are intended to lead to increased sales and revenue. When preparing its marketing plan, a business first develops specific objectives to follow that should be clear and measurable and that should be achieved in a certain amount of time. For example, a business will be able to monitor its expanded advertising program in order to determine if sales and revenue are increasing by the desired amount. If sales and revenue do not increase by 10% in one year, the business will be able to revise its marketing plan and establish new objectives. A business develops objectives before it develops strategies, tactics, and activities which are intended to achieve the objectives.
SOURCE: MP:018
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 37-41). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. B
Graphically display financial information. Businesses establish specifications for selecting spreadsheet software in order to obtain the type of programs that will meet their needs. This is important because not all spreadsheet software programs have the same capabilities, such as graphically displaying financial information. Some businesses may need only simple graphics in the form of graphs or charts, while others need sophisticated graphics that will display financial information in a variety of visual formats. Communications software is used to electronically communicate data. Database software is used to regularly organize customer information. Word processing and graphic design programs are used to produce marketing data.
SOURCE: NF:091
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. B
Varies greatly. The length of time that businesses use and store their records can vary greatly. Some businesses will use certain records indefinitely, while other businesses might maintain information on a seasonal basis or for only one year. The law often determines how long certain records must be maintained.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 349]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
58. B
Expand into other markets. An environmental scan is a study of the external forces that influence a business's success. An environmental scan examines the business's competitors; social issues and trends; and government, political, and economic factors. An environmental scan provides information that helps the business make decisions, such as whether it should expand into other markets. Staffing adjustments and computer improvements are internal factors that a business considers when it wants to enhance its productivity. A business should always follow government regulations.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015 Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
59. A
Improved performance. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses analyze and interpret statistics to make various business decisions. By analyzing statistical information, a tour operator might determine ways in which to improve sales, productivity (higher outputs), or overall performance in order to compete more effectively in the marketplace. Lower demand, increased competition, and lower outputs do not benefit tour operators.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Bianca, A. (2011, August 15). The advantages of statistics in business. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-statistics-business-18698.html
60. A
Keeping costs low. Because operations managers control so much of a business's money, they must focus on keeping costs low. Operations managers are not responsible for hiring employees, creating advertising campaigns, or generating publicity.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. D
Purchasing. Purchasing is a business function which involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Personal selling is planned, personalized communication designed to influence purchase behavior and to ensure satisfaction. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relations in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
62. A
To be competitive. Businesses must have efficient production in order to be competitive. Efficient production turns out the maximum number of products at the lowest cost. If the business's costs of production are higher than its competitors' costs, the business will have to set its prices higher than competitors' prices. This is likely to reduce sales. Businesses do not have efficient production in order to buy resources or pay employees, although efficient production generates the profit that makes it possible for businesses to buy additional resources and pay employees. A business's production may or may not be flexible depending on the type of business.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
63. B
Monitor all aspects of the business. It is important for a business's management team to monitor all aspects of the business so it can maintain or exceed the quality level that its customers expect. Monitoring business activities will enable managers to identify and correct potential problems before they have a negative impact on the level of quality. If quality decreases, the business may lose customers to its competitors. Obtaining industry information, considering the type of competition, and preparing an operating budget will not help a business to develop and maintain the level of quality that customers expect.
SOURCE: OP:020
SOURCE: Colgate, A. (2017). Total quality management's impact on different business processes. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/article/631/totalquality-managements-impact-on-different-business-processes/
64. A
Operating. Operating expenses include variable and fixed expenses. Variable expenses may be different from month to month, e.g., payroll and supplies. These are directly affected by production or sales. Fixed expenses, on the other hand, remain the same for an extended period of time, e.g., mortgage or rent. A liability is a debt owed either short-term (due in the current fiscal year) or long-term.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 767-769). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
65. D
$6,142.50. Businesses often negotiate leases for a certain amount of square feet and for a certain number of years with an option to renew. To calculate the monthly rent for the third year, first determine the current monthly rent by multiplying square footage by the rate (2,250 x $2.60 = $5,850). Then, multiply that amount by the 5% increase ($5,850 x 5% or .05 = $292.50). Add the amount of the increase to the current rent to determine the monthly rent for the third year ($5,850.00 + $292.50 = $6,142.50).
SOURCE: OP:028
SOURCE: Sadler, D. (2010, August 28). Should you buy or lease your business facility? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.allbusiness.com/should-you-buy-or-lease-yourbusiness-facility-15051483-1.html
66. C
Sales. Once the company has predicted its ability to generate sales, individual budgets are then prepared for other activities such as advertising, merchandising, purchasing, administration, and labor. The business needs to estimate sales before it can budget for expenses. Net profit is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit, which is the money left after the costs of goods expense is subtracted from total income.
SOURCE: OP:030
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2017, March 13). How to create a business budget. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.wikihow.com/Create-a-Business-Budget
67. A
A customer returns a defective product. In the final stage of supply chain management, customers may return defective products. Finding reliable suppliers, planning to deliver goods to customers, and developing a supply chain strategy would all occur during earlier stages of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Venus, D., Joseph, A., & Oppenheimer, L. (2017, August 24). What is supply chain management? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-issupply-chain-management.htm
68. A
Conducting a sales analysis. Businesses collect information to analyze all of their business functions. Sales are typically a business's primary source of income. Businesses review many aspects of sales to analyze and compare product movement, customer activity, salesperson performance, etc. Claire is not preparing a purchasing forecast, organizing an inventory report, or analyzing service performance.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Nielsen, L. (2010, August 12). Define sales analysis. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/define-sales-analysis-5258.html
69. A
Achieve goals and serve customers. Business process thinking is meant to help a company work more efficiently and achieve goals. It is also customer-focused. The main goal of business process thinking is not to hire employees and fill roles, process payroll and compensate employees, or enforce safety standards.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Hammer, M. (n.d.) Business process thinking check list. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.1000advices.com/guru/processes_thinking_13q_mh.html
70. B
Redesign the business processes. When bottlenecks in business processes develop, an effective manager would most likely redesign the business processes to eliminate the bottlenecks. Investing in quality control, implementing an employee incentive program, and/or speeding up production would not eliminate the bottlenecks.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2017). Improving business processes. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/improving-business-processes.htm
71. B
Competition. Competition is one of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its businesses processes. Although desire for growth, low employee morale, and high operating costs are reasons to change business processes, these are all internal factors.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Joseph, C. (2010, June 7). Factors that may cause change in an organization. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/factors-may-cause-changeorganization-203.html
72. C
Supply chain management. Supply chain management is a career area in which employees supervise the complete process of getting products into the marketplace a career field in which employees are responsible for the flow of goods from the manufacturer to the end user. Inventory control is the tracking of the amount, the kind, and the value of inventory that a business has on hand. The sales force sells the products and services but is not necessarily responsible for delivery. Production is the process of creating goods and services, but is not responsible for delivery.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: NC State Pool College of Management Supply Chain Resource Cooperative. (2017, April 2). What is supply chain management (SCM)? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://scm.ncsu.edu/scm-articles/article/what-is-supply-chain-management
73. D
Pinpointing your objective. When you identify what you want to do, you are pinpointing your objective. This is the first step of the decision-making model. Establishing decision criteria involves determining what will make or break the decision for you. Determining what you need to know and gathering the information you need both come after pinpointing your objective. To figure out what you need to know and then to find that information, you first need to identify exactly what it is that you want to do.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: LAP-PD-010 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
74. A
It encourages transparency. Corporate governance creates a more transparent business environment, which can increase investor confidence, create a defined brand, and minimize corruption.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2017). Corporate governance - Definition, scope, and benefits. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
75. B
Elected by stockholders. A board of directors is elected by stockholders. Board members may be stockholders, but they are not required to be. Vendors are not board members. The board of directors makes many decisions for the business.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, December 16). Board of directors - B of D. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/boardofdirectors.asp
76. D
Accounting fraud. Governance structures help balance the interests of a company's stakeholders and would most likely be impacted by internal happenings such as accounting fraud. Competitor saturation, a stock market crash, and new technology in the industry are all examples of external factors that most likely would not affect a company's governance structure.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Shaftoe, R. (2013, June 29). Reasons for corporate governance. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/reasons-corporate-governance-70176.html
77. C
Measurable. When an organization is developing performance standards, it should ensure that those standards are measurable so that they can actually be used to evaluate performance. Performance standards should be objective rather than subjective. They also should be clearly stated in writing rather than informally discussed. Finally, performance standards should be realistic rather than extremely challenging.
SOURCE: PD:256
SOURCE: U.S. Office of Personnel Management. (n.d.). Performance management: Developing performance standards. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.opm.gov/policydata-oversight/performance-management/performance-managementcycle/planning/developing-performance-standards
78. C
Place. Place is the marketing element focusing on considerations in getting a selected product in the right place at the right time. An aspect of the place element is transportation. When pricing its product, a business must cover all of the costs associated with the item, including transporting it to the desired location (place). If transportation costs increase, the business may need to increase its product's price because it will cost more to get it to the customer. Transportation costs are not factors related to promotion, competition, or selling.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002 The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
79. B
An oligopolistic market. This is a market in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine prices. In a monopoly, there is only one seller or provider of a good or service, and no substitutes are readily available. In a monopolistic competitive market, there are many buyers and sellers and a range of prices, rather than a single market price. In pure competition, there are a great many buyers and sellers of nearly identical products, and marketers have very little control over pricing.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: LAP-PI-003 Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Prices)
80. D
Employees. The way that customers experience purchase transactions affects how they view the company. Good experiences often bring the customers back, while unpleasant experiences can prompt customers to purchase from the company's competitors. The ways that employees interact with customers have a major impact on the customers' experiences and their perceptions of the company. Helpful, courteous, and knowledgeable employees foster good customer experiences. Employees who are indifferent, rude, and lacking in knowledge often have a negative effect on the customers' experiences. Customers do not usually interact with the company's suppliers, labor union, or negotiation committee.
SOURCE: PM:138
SOURCE: Brookins, M. (2011, September 28). Top ten ways to improve a customer's experience. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-ten-ways-improvecustomers-experience-25745.html
81. A
Specialize in specific product lines. A narrow product mix consists of a limited number of product lines. This means the company cannot meet a wide variety of consumer needs, but it does enable the company to specialize, to produce efficiently, to relate the products to the target market, and to concentrate on marketing the product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003 Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
82. C
Product/Service updates, FAQs page, and an online help desk. Providing around-the-clock access to information needed by customers to free up the sales staff on the floor to sell is a productive way that a business's website can provide customer service. Customers seeking post-sales support can be encouraged to access the website to locate answers, product information, etc. The alternatives are not ways that a business's website provides customer-service support.
SOURCE: PM:036
SOURCE: Dun & Bradstreet. (2000-2017). Service & support. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.dnb.com/utility-pages/customer-service.html
83. B
Convenience. Customers appreciate businesses that provide services that meet their needs and are convenient. All types of businesses offer information desks, child-friendly restrooms, and a lost-and-found department. Shopping services might include gift wrapping, personal shoppers, and valet parking. Impulse is an unrelated term. Community services are activities undertaken by the store for the benefit of the community.
SOURCE: PM:013
SOURCE: LAP-PM-001 Customer Service Supersized (The Role of Customer Service in Positioning/Image)
84. B
Persuading. Promotion refers to the various types of communications used to inform, persuade, or remind customers of products. In the advertising industry, one of the main functions of promotion is persuading customers to buy products, change their opinions or beliefs, or participate in activities or events. Therefore, advertisements usually include headlines, photographs, and copy that are intended to be persuasive and encourage people to do what the ad suggests. For example, an ad containing a photo of a happy child playing with a particular toy might persuade parents to buy that toy for their children. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Branding involves developing a business's distinctive logo, design, or identity. Retailing involves buying consumer goods or services and selling them to the ultimate consumer.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
85. D
Radio. As a type of advertising, radio can target customers at various times of the day such as when people are driving to or from work listening to their radios. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it. Email should not be checked (e.g., on smartphones) while driving. This is not only dangerous it is illegal in many jurisdictions.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
86. C
Grassroots. Grassroots marketing involves relying on a group of customers to spread a company's marketing message. Cause marketing occurs when a company partners with a nonprofit or charity in a way that benefits both organizations. Mark is not using direct mail or broadcast marketing.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Myers, C. (2011, September 13). Definition of grassroots marketing. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/definition-grassroots-marketing-23210.html
87. B
They can select and reach qualified prospects. By possessing the means to qualify potential customers, businesses can reduce waste in terms of sending promotional messages to uninterested parties. As a result, the businesses can focus their efforts on developing a customer base that is most likely to buy. Direct advertising is not necessarily less expensive than other forms of promotion. Direct advertising messages generally reach a select target audience that varies in size. Promotional mix refers to the combination of communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. Use of direct advertising strategies does not necessarily mean businesses do not need to use other promotional methods to reach customers.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Kurtz, D.L. (2013). Contemporary marketing (pp. 501-509). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. B
Push money. To increase market visibility, manufacturers often use incentive programs to motivate their independent sales consultants or distributors. These incentives, which are often called push money, may include cash bonuses, prizes, gift cards, or vacations. Typically, independent sales consultants must reach a certain level of sales to obtain push money. Sweepstakes involve games of chance in which customers win prizes. Manufacturers develop cooperative advertising programs to provide channel members with financial assistance to offset product advertising expenses. The purpose of loyalty or frequency programs is to build long-term customer relationships by offering incentives that encourage repeat sales. For example, a pizza chain might give customers a free pizza after they buy six pizzas of similar value.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: KnowThis.com. (2017). Sales incentives or push money. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.knowthis.com/types-of-sales-promotion/sales-incentives-or-push-money
89. C
Providing information. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. The various public relations activities are ways of providing information to others. For example, press conferences and press releases are ways of providing information to the media in the hopes that the media will publish or broadcast the information so it is available to the general public. However, there is no guarantee that the media will publish or broadcast the information. As a result, businesses use other techniques to market products, advertise an image, and target customers.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Crystal, G., Joseph, A., & Foster, N. (2017, August 21). What is public relations? Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-public-relations.htm
90. C
Tangibles. A comfortable waiting room with good magazines is an example of a service provider having quality tangibles a characteristic that customers are looking for. Reliability means that the service is consistently well-performed. Responsiveness means that the service provider provides the service willingly and promptly. Assurance means that the customer finds the service provider to be knowledgeable and trustworthy.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001 Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
91. A
Risks help businesses determine objectives. When businesses are determining their objectives, they must consider risks related to these objectives and ensure that these risks are manageable. Objectives should be modified because of risk. If a new risk threatens a business objective, it should be changed to accommodate that risk. Business objectives almost always have at least some risk associated with them. Finally, the number of objectives is not necessarily related to the amount of risk.
SOURCE: RM:044
SOURCE: Marks, N. (2012, January 20). The inter-relationships of risk, objectives, strategy and performance. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from https://normanmarks.wordpress.com/2012/01/20/risk-objectives-strategy-and-performance
92. D
A risk inventory. A risk inventory is a listing of an organization's entire critical enterprise-wide risks. A risk assessment is a tool used in risk management. Enterprise risk management allows a company to plan, organize, lead, and control the risk in every level of an organization. A risk control is a tactic to mitigate a perceived risk.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Patterson, T. (2015, September). The use of information technology in risk management. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/assuranceadvisoryservices/downloadabledocuments/a sec_whitepapers/risk_technology.pdf
93. B
Constantly providing new choices for consumers. There is much competition between businesses, which leads to increased competition to produce better products. Businesses need to develop new or improved products in order to make more sales than their competitors. A company that raises or lowers the prices of existing products may make temporary sales gains, but only a company that provides choices based on the needs of its consumers will enjoy a long-term sales increase. Elimination of a slow-selling product line may not increase sales for a business.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
94. B
To maintain or increase market share. This is an overall objective for the entire company that would be set by top management. Deciding to hold weekly sales meetings, do a better job of collecting past-due bills, or to keep the billing up-to-date are specific objectives that might be set by department managers.
SOURCE: SM:008
SOURCE: Root, G.N. (2011, September 17). 10 most important business objectives. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/10-important-business-objectives23686.html
95. B
The business can change its marketing mix. While the business cannot control the external factors in the environment that affect the business, the business can change its marketing mix (price, place, product, promotion) to reflect any shifts in the environment. That is why most businesses prefer to be proactive by planning ways to cope with expected changes. Government regulations can increase the costs of doing business, and the marketing mix may be affected by technology, but those are not reasons the business should consider the impact of changes on the marketing mix.
SOURCE: SM:011
SOURCE: Riley, J. (2015). External environment: Introduction (GCSE). Retrieved September 19, 2017, from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/external-environment-introduction
96. A
Market analysis. The market analysis requires considerable time and external research. The executive summary, strategy and implementation section, and appendices may require some time to put together, but they do not necessarily require external research.
SOURCE: SM:013
SOURCE: LAP-SM-013 Plan for Success (Creating a Business Plan)
97. A
Company A. Businesses often compare their sales-to-receivables ratios with industry standards in order to determine if they are collecting cash as quickly as others. If businesses find that they have low salesto-receivables ratios, they might make adjustments to their collection procedures in order to receive payment in a more timely manner. To calculate Company A's sales-to-receivables ratio, divide sales by accounts receivable ($250,000 ÷ $20,000 = 12.5). This figure indicates that receivables turn over more than 12 times a year which means there is a shorter time between making the sale and collecting the cash.
SOURCE: SM:005
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, August 10). Receivables turnover ratio. Retrieved September 19, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/receivableturnoverratio.asp
98. B
To find out if products are selling. A business plan is a proposal of how a business intends to operate to achieve its objective. It is important to track the performance of a business plan to determine if the objective of the business is being met. A main objective for most businesses is to sell products. By tracking the performance of the strategies outlined in the business plan, a business is able to find out if the strategies it is using to sell are effective. If the business is not satisfied with the level of sales, it might develop different strategies. Developing a business plan involves establishing an operating strategy and determining the proposed mission of the company. Businesses often use a business plan to provide investment information to potential investors.
SOURCE: SM:006
SOURCE: Berry, T. (2017, May 12). How to use your business plan to track your progress and exceed your goals. Retrieved September 20, 2017, from http://articles.bplans.com/how-to-use-yourbusiness-plan-to-track-your-progress-and-exceed-your-goals/
99. A
Learn. For successful innovation to occur, employees must be willing to learn while developing ideas. The development process involves learning and accepting change. Employees do not necessarily have to teach while developing ideas. They should review their results and learn from them, not avoid them. Innovation does not necessarily occur when employees work alone; it may happen when employees are working together.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Muse, C., & Smith, J. (n.d.) Cultivating innovation in the workplace. Retrieved September 20, 2017, from http://managementhelp.org/innovation/
100. C
Change management. The change management approach ensures that changes are implemented in the best possible way and that those changes will lead to long-term benefits. Change management is not referred to as problem solving, change avoidance, or solution finding.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2017) Change management: Making organization change happen effectively. Retrieved September 20, 2017, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
Test 1188
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. C
Trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a business to identify a good or service and is registered with the government to prevent its use by others. A trademark is an example of intangible business property. Federal law protects a business's intangible property from being used by competitors. A business's inventory, acreage, and equipment are types of tangible property.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: World Intellectual Property Organization. (n.d.). What is intellectual property? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.wipo.int/edocs/pubdocs/en/intproperty/450/wipo_pub_450.pdf
2. D
Contracts. Business torts are wrongful actions against a business that cause it harm in some way. Disputes concerning contracts are often the basis for businesses suing individuals or other businesses. Many businesses have contractual arrangements with employees or vendors. If these contracts are broken, the business might be harmed and seek compensation through the legal system. Basic torts relating to businesses do not involve disputes concerning assaults, defamation, or emotional stress.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Legal Match. (2018, May 2). Business torts. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/business-torts.html
3. D
Continuous assistance is provided by the franchisor. A business-format franchise is a more complex and more popular type of franchise arrangement than the product trade-name franchise. It involves a close, continuous working relationship between the franchisor and the franchisee. Examples of the businessformat franchise are McDonald's, Holiday Inn, and Jiffy Lube. Products and other materials usually must be purchased from the franchisor's list of approved vendors. The franchisee must operate under the trade name of the franchisor.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. D
Corporation. Corporations are advantageous due to the separate legal body that is created by a state charter. The charter limits individual liability, allows for permanency of existence, ease in transferring ownership, and a greater number of resources for financial growth. Both the sole proprietorship and partnership have unlimited liability, definitive life spans, difficulty in raising capital, and are not separate legal entities. A trade union is a group that represents people in similar occupational skill areas.
SOURCE: BL:006
SOURCE: LAP-BL-006 Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)
5. D
Making a variety of products available to them. Channels of distribution benefit consumers by making a variety of products available to them. Without these channels, consumers could only buy products directly from producers, which would be impractical. Channels may lower some but not all consumer product prices. They may raise the quality of some but not all consumer products. Increased profits for businesses is not a benefit for consumers.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: LAP-CM-002 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
6. A
Local consumers. A short channel can be used when the potential customers are few and/or located close together. The baby boomer, senior citizen, and Generation X markets have many potential customers who are widely dispersed.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
7. C
Market. Market factors deal with where the consumers are, who they are, the information they require, and the size of their orders. Understanding the market is an important aspect of selecting the best channel of distribution. For example, it is important for businesses to know that most consumers prefer to buy products from retailers. Promotion, human, and sales are not factors that businesses consider when selecting a channel of distribution.
SOURCE: CM:010
SOURCE: Waksman, K. (2018, June 11). How to choose the right distribution channel for your business. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/choosebest-distribution-channel-for-your-business-3502272
8. A
Research the problem. Proposals are intended to answer questions or provide recommendations to solve problems. Business employees often need to research a particular situation or problem before they are able to write proposals. After employees do research and gather information, they write proposals that explain the problem and the solutions. The proposal is intended to persuade the business to follow the recommendations. Employees usually do not need to analyze personal biases, contact the customer, or evaluate technical skills before they are able to write proposals.
SOURCE: CO:062
SOURCE: Bidsketch. (2018, June 15). How to write a business proposal. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.bidsketch.com/blog/articles/how-to-write-a-business-proposal/
9. B
Extending business hours on weekends. Management is responsible for developing policies, and many of these policies have an impact on customer relations. An example of a policy that usually improves customer relations is providing extended business hours on weekends. Many customers work during the week and only have free time in the evenings and on weekends. Businesses that offer extended hours on weekends are making it easy for customers to buy when it is convenient for them. Scheduling employees' work hours, using security devices, and revising bookkeeping procedures are routine business activities that managers perform on a regular basis.
SOURCE: CR:008
SOURCE: Reynolds, P. (2016, May 6). Role of senior management in delivering customer service. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.etechgs.com/blog/role-seniormanagement-delivering-customer-service/
10. C
Communicate an appealing benefit. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Before the business can deliver on its brand promise, it must have a product that offers an appealing benefit one that persuades the target market to buy. For example, FedEx provides delivery services. The company's brand promise focuses on reliability. Therefore, FedEx promises to get its customers' packages to their destinations in a reliable manner safely, quickly, and courteously every time, which is an appealing benefit for most customers. A procedure is the step-by-step process that a person follows when performing a specific task. Customization involves making the product unique for each customer. Customization, a high-quality image, and the process by which the business delivers its products may be elements of a company's brand promise.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Frederiksen, L. (2018, August 13). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://hingemarketing.com/blog/story/elements-of-asuccessful-brand-4-brand-promise1
11. A
Certain occupations must be licensed. Even though there are many economic freedoms in a private enterprise system, there are certain limits. Economic freedom is limited by laws that have been created to protect everyone. Workers in certain occupations must be licensed to safeguard public health and safety. Pay scales are not regulated but vary greatly depending on the occupation, area of the country, and current economic conditions. The law does not require all workers to take tests, although some businesses require applicants to take and pass ability tests before they are hired. Employees are not required to register with the state.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
12. A
Net profit. Net profit is the amount of money left over after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Sales income is the total received from the sale of goods or services. Gross profit is the money left over after cost of merchandise is subtracted from sales income. Operating expenses are the daily costs of running a business.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
13. A
Profits and losses are claimed on owners' personal tax returns. Non-corporations are taxed as passthrough entities, meaning that profits and losses are claimed on owners' personal tax returns. Noncorporations are still subject to federal taxes as well as state and local taxes. Business income-tax rates are based on how much profit a business makes, not whether it is a corporation or not. Non-corporations pay payroll taxes on employees, just as corporations do.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
14. B
Determining the details of your idea. Before you can "sell" your idea to others, you need to solidify the details and specifications of your proposal so that you can fully explain your idea to your audience. Explaining solutions to audience needs, overcoming objections, and affirming the audience's decision to "buy into" your idea are all steps in the selling process that come after doing advance preparation.
SOURCE: EI:108
SOURCE: LAP-EI-108 Do They Buy It? ("Selling" Ideas to Others)
15. B
Credibility. Credibility is believability. If employees believe what managers are saying, they are more likely to be persuaded to do what the managers want them to do. Managers develop credibility by always being truthful with employees. As a result, employees often like and trust managers who are credible and, therefore, are willing to follow their instructions. Having organizational skills, enthusiasm, or selfmotivation does not necessarily mean that managers will be able to persuade employees.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
16. B
Interests. The key to successful negotiation is to focus on interests. Interests are the things that you and the other party want or need. You must consider the other party's interests as well as your own. Ability is a skill someone uses to perform a task through knowledge, training, and practice. When negotiating, one party may not necessarily know the other party's skills. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. Procedure refers to the step-by-step process someone follows when performing a specific task.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
17. A
Commit to your vision through hard work and dedication. Your personal vision will not become a reality unless you work hard to achieve your goals. Putting your vision in a safe place and looking at it again in five years will not help you achieve your vision. Instead, you should place your vision in a place where you will see it often. Getting the highest-paying job you can find out of high school may help you save money, but it will not necessarily help you achieve your vision. You should be strategic when deciding what career path to pursue, making sure that it aligns with your vision. You do not need to spend all of your free time on self-improvement you can still have hobbies and spend time doing things that you enjoy while pursuing your personal vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-064 Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
18. A
Putting goals in writing. By keeping a list, Ryan has put his goals in writing. This makes them seem more solid and real, giving Ryan greater motivation to work toward them. Ryan is not necessarily tying his goals to a timetable, making his goals specific, or making his goals difficult but possible.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
19. D
Vision. Vision is the future you desire to create. A goal is an objective or want that you plan to fulfill. A prediction is a forecast made about the future. A mission statement is a brief summary of what a business owner wants a business to be doing.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
20. A
Science. Entrepreneurial discovery is the process of detecting and matching product and market opportunities with one another in a manner that satisfies the market and the business. Sometimes there is a market with a demand for something that is not available, and the business invents a product to satisfy the demand. For example, a scientist uses existing physical elements to develop a new vaccine to prevent a certain disease for which there is no treatment. Because the vaccine is new, the scientist (inventor) is observing and applying knowledge in a specific way, or using a scientific process. Medicine, psychology, and physics are scientific disciplines, or areas of scientific study.
SOURCE: EN:002
SOURCE: Smart Specialisation Platform. (2015, December 15). Entrepreneurial discovery process. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://s3platform.jrc.ec.europa.eu/entrepreneurialdiscovery-edp
21. B
Technical needs. Entrepreneurs and startup business owners must consider many factors before they open their ventures. They must consider their financial and staffing needs, as well as their technical needs. Their technical needs might include telephone, fax, Internet, computers, software programs, and automated equipment needs. Each business's needs vary, so the technical needs of each business varies, too. The competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors.
SOURCE: EN:007
SOURCE: Horvath, B. (2017, July 13). Tech considerations for new business: What you need to know. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://businesstown.com/tech-considerations-newbusiness-need-know/
22. B
The financial needs to start a new business depend on the nature of the venture. The requirements (e.g., time, money) that a person needs to start a business differ and usually depend on the nature of the business. For example, a person who starts a home-based consulting business does not require as much money for the startup as a restaurant franchisee does. The franchisee needs to lease space or build a facility, purchase kitchen equipment, obtain supplies, hire employees, and pay franchise fees, which can be very expensive. A patent is legal protection that provides an owner the sole rights to an invention or process for a specific time period. Business owners do not always invent goods or processes, so not all of them need to obtain patent protection.
SOURCE: EN:009
SOURCE: Beesley, C. (2017, December 29). How to estimate the cost of starting a business from scratch. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.sba.gov/blogs/how-estimate-coststarting-business-scratch
23. B
The industry experts typically provide useful information. Industry experts have in-depth knowledge about a specific field. Experts often know about the trends, processes, new products, and new technology that affect the industry. These experts often provide entrepreneurs with useful information as they develop the ideas for their new ventures. Talking with industry experts doesn't always improve your management skills or enhance your confidence. Industry experts might know where you can obtain financial support, but they do not always offer it themselves.
SOURCE: EN:012
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 90, 92-96]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
24. A
Provide collateral. There are many ways for entrepreneurs to obtain financing for new business ventures. One way is to obtain a loan from a commercial bank. The loan process generally involves completing a loan application and submitting a business plan to the financial institution. In most situations, a bank will require the loan applicant to put up collateral in order to obtain the loan. Collateral is anything of value (e.g., car, home) belonging to the borrower that is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. For example, if a business fails, and the borrower cannot afford to pay back the bank loan, the bank can take the borrower's belongings (collateral) as payment for the outstanding loan. Banks do not require loan applicants to close their savings accounts, relinquish contracts, or charge interest.
SOURCE: EN:015
SOURCE: Hall, A. (2012, October 20). 5 ways of funding a business: How to get your piece of the pie. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/alanhall/2012/10/20/5means-of-funding-a-small-business-how-to-get-your-piece-of-the-pie/#621492421cf2
25. A
List all the tasks involved in operating the business. Often, it helps business owners to write down every task that the business must perform in order to operate. After listing all tasks, the owners can categorize tasks by function (e.g., sales, bookkeeping) and determine in which areas they need the help or expertise of others. In most situations, asking a technical recruiter for advice, hiring consultants or freelancers, and allocating fund for payroll taxes do not help business owners determine their human resource needs.
SOURCE: EN:017
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Determining human resource needs. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/staffing-andhuman-resource-management/determining-human-resource-needs
26. D
Industry. Capital resources are assets, or things of value, that a firm uses on an ongoing basis to meet its objectives. The capital resources that a business needs to get up and running depends on the type of products that the business sells. For example, a snow-ski resort needs ski-lift equipment, while a landscape business needs mowing equipment, mulch, and shrubs to efficiently operate. Location, owner's preferences, and suppliers' lead time are not always primary considerations when selecting capital resources.
SOURCE: EN:019
SOURCE: Nickolas, S. (2018, February 2). What inputs are considered to be factors of production? Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032715/what-inputs-are-considered-be-factorsproduction.asp
27. A
When an entrepreneur seeks a high profit, the risk is usually higher. Risk is the chance of failure or loss. There are many types of risks that business owners face including social, career, psychic, and financial risks. The amount of risk a business owner takes varies, but financial risk is the risk that is the easiest to measure. The more money that a person invests in a business (equity or debt finance options), the more financial risk the person is taking because s/he has more money to lose. Risk-taking is often related to potential rewards. Entrepreneurs care about their profits to varying degrees.
SOURCE: EN:024
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, July 25). Risk-return tradeoff. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/riskreturntradeoff.asp
28. D
Standard. Operating procedures are the step-by-step processes that employees follow when performing specific work-related tasks. By developing and implementing operating procedures, the small-business owner reduces the amount of time that s/he spends answering questions and making decisions about routine, day-to-day activities. This reduction occurs because the employees have guidelines or a standard way to complete tasks. Conducting activities in a standard way often increases employee productivity and efficiency. Everyday tasks do not always need to be performed in imprecise, diverse, or innovative ways.
SOURCE: EN:026
SOURCE: Rush, M. (2016, October 26). Standard operating procedures for a business. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/standard-operating-proceduresbusiness-3228.html
29. D
Offer a new service. Because a business cannot survive if it does not earn a profit, and profits are generated from product sales, business owners often look for ways to improve or develop goods and services to keep the customers coming back. Increasing prices and ridiculing the competition are not activities that would increase repeat business and customer loyalty. Updating equipment does not necessarily facilitate repeat business and customer loyalty.
SOURCE: EN:028
SOURCE: Rampton, D. (2017, September 25). Introducing new products and services as a business owner. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://due.com/blog/introduce-new-productsand-services-as-a-business-owner/
30. C
Identify new venture opportunities. An opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means to meet an objective. Entrepreneurs look for opportunities to start businesses and if the opportunities are feasible, they act upon them. There are many ways to look for business opportunities such as watching trends, attending trade shows, and talking with friends, customers, and business associates. Entrepreneurs might join community organizations or trade associations to network with others with the goal of identifying new venture opportunities. Entrepreneurs do not join community organizations to obtain selling experiences, evaluate personal skills and abilities, or improve goods and services.
SOURCE: EN:031
SOURCE: Long, J. (2017, March 23). 6 benefits of joining a professional community. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/290983
31. A
False, there are many factors to consider, such as company valuation and personal goals. Entrepreneurs often leave their ventures after they achieve their objectives for their businesses. Entrepreneurs consider many factors, such as how much the business is worth, and personal considerations, such as retiring or starting another venture. There are several ways for an entrepreneur to exit a business, which include selling the business, taking his/her share of the profits and letting partners or others run the business, and closing the business. Thus, exiting a business is often complex and has many factors and options to consider, other than finding a suitable buyer.
SOURCE: EN:037
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2018). Entrepreneurship (2nd ed.) [pp. 498-511]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
32. D
Accounts receivable. Accounts receivable are money that is owed to a business. They are an asset to the business, but they do not have a physical presence. Inventory, buildings, and equipment are all tangible assets they have a physical presence.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010 The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
33. B
Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales. A profit-and-loss statement is a business's financial picture that lists all revenue and expenses for a certain time period. A profit-and-loss statement is not the same as a balance sheet. Characteristics of a balance sheet include listing assets and liabilities and showing the owner's financial position.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. B
Cost driver. A factor that causes a change in the cost of an activity is called a cost driver. Changes such as the amount of labor used, the number of machines used, the power used to run the machinery, and the number of hours that the machinery is operated are cost drivers. Increases in these activities increase the costs of making outputs (products), while decreases in these activities decrease the costs of making the outputs. Cost drivers are not unexpected expenses or inflexible transactions.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, July 19). Activity cost driver. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/activity-cost-driver.asp
35. B
Accounts receivable. Accounts receivable are all the monies owed to a business by its customers. Businesses in need of cash to continue producing and selling goods often use their accounts receivable as collateral when borrowing from financial institutions. In effect, the businesses are turning over the proceeds from their receivables to the lenders in exchange for immediate cash to continue operating. A promissory note is a legal form signed by a borrower promising to repay a loan. Liabilities are debts that the business owes. Operating expenses are all of the expenditures necessary to keep the business running.
SOURCE: FI:023
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, May 29). Accounts receivable financing. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/accountsreceivablefinancing.asp
36. A
Liquidity. Liquidity refers to a business's current assets, such as income or savings, that can be used to pay expenses. Assets that are in the form of cash or tangibles that can be sold easily to generate cash add to a company's liquidity. When determining financing needs, businesses usually consider their liquidity to decide if they have sufficient funds available to repay the debt. For example, if a business was barely covering expenses and had no liquid assets, it probably would decide not to borrow money because it would be difficult to make payments on the loan. Depreciation is a reduction in value of goods occurring over a period of time. Equity is the value of the business after all expenses and debts have been subtracted. Inventory is all the stock a business has on hand.
SOURCE: FI:043
SOURCE: Mueller, J. (2018, May 8). Understanding financial liquidity. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/07/liquidity.asp
37. A
Being charged a penalty. When businesses obtain long-term loans, they agree to pay a certain amount of interest to the lending institution over a period of years. If a business pays off the loan before it is due, the financial institution does not get the interest it expected to receive. In such cases, the financial institution may charge the business a penalty for prepaying the loan. This penalty may be sizeable depending on the amount of the loan. A financial institution, rather than a business, loses interest on the account. A business might negotiate a variable rate for a long-term loan and pay a processing fee to originate the loan.
SOURCE: FI:041
SOURCE: Business Filings. (2012, May 24). The real cost of borrowing money. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/research-topics/finance/businessfinance/the-real-cost-of-borrowing-money
38. D
To reduce risk. There is a risk involved in making loans because a business may default and be unable to repay the bank. To reduce the risk, lending institutions use certain criteria to evaluate if the business is creditworthy. For example, a bank would run a credit check to find out if the business pays its bills on time. Also, a bank would review the business's financial records to determine if it earned sufficient income to pay expenses and also repay the loan. By carefully evaluating how well a business meets certain criteria, a bank is able to reduce the risk involved in making a loan. Lending institutions do not evaluate businesses to provide service, prevent theft, or improve relations.
SOURCE: FI:034
SOURCE: Business Filings. (2012, May 24). What banks look for when reviewing a loan application. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/researchtopics/finance/business-finance/what-banks-look-for-when-reviewing-a-loan-application
39. B
1 year. Businesses prefer a short payback period. This is the point at which a decision begins to pay for itself. In other words, the payback period is the time it takes for the benefits of a change to repay its costs. Another term for payback period is break-even point.
SOURCE: FI:357
SOURCE: LAP-FI-011 Running the Numbers (Cost-Benefit Analysis)
40. C
Size of the sales force. An internal change is one that occurs within the business and is under the business's control. Increasing or decreasing the number of people on the sales force is an internal change that will affect the sales forecast. For example, decreasing the size of the sales force may cause sales to fall because the remaining staff may not be able to handle as many sales. Changes in the number of competitors in the market, the length of a national recession, and the levels of consumer spending are external changes.
SOURCE: FI:096
SOURCE: Freelancer. (2015, April 14). Sales forecasting: Factors to consider. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.freelancer.com/community/articles/sales-forecasting-factors-toconsider
41. B
Vertical. Three common types of financial statement analysis are vertical analysis, horizontal analysis, and ratio analysis. When conducting vertical analysis, an individual calculates each individual item on a financial statement as a percentage of the total. After doing so, the analyst can develop common-size financial statements that allow him/her to compare performance across several years for a single company or across several different companies. Horizontal analysis, which is sometimes known as trend analysis, involves analyzing dollar amounts on financial statements for a single company across several years. Horizontal analysis does not involve the development of common-size financial statements. Ratio analysis involves the calculation of ratios based on a company's financial data. It allows analysts to compare numbers within a financial statement and determine the relationships among numbers on different financial statements. It can also be used to compare the performance of multiple companies.
SOURCE: FI:334
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, June 13). Vertical analysis. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vertical_analysis.asp
42. C
$3,138. A business's income statement, or profit-and-loss statement, is a financial summary that shows how much money the business has made or has lost over a specific period of time. A typical income statement includes revenue, operating expenses, and net income (profit). To determine the net income, subtract the total expenses from the total revenue ($4,590 - $1,442 = $3,138). It is important to verify the income statement's accuracy because businesses use the information to make important decisions about the business. If the information is incorrect (e.g., transposed numbers) and errors are not corrected, the business may make unwise decisions on the basis of faulty information.
SOURCE: FI:335
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, August 9). Net income. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/n/netincome.asp
43. C
To determine qualifications. The purpose of an interview is to determine if the applicant meets the qualifications to perform the job. Therefore, the interview questions should relate directly to the job in terms of the applicant's education, skills, training, and work history. Businesses often take remedial action with current employees who are not performing well on the job. Applicants usually do not complain during job interviews. Interviewers usually do not plan future training while asking questions during a job interview.
SOURCE: HR:355
SOURCE: Business Filings. (2012, May 24). The dos and don'ts of conducting a job interview. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/research-topics/officehr/the-dos-and-donts-of-conducting-a-job-interview
44. D
Cause. Termination for cause occurs when an employee's conduct seriously violates company policies or jeopardizes the company or other employees. A termination for performance is used when an employee consistently exhibits poor performance compared to established performance criteria, or is incompetent. A resignation is a voluntary act by an employee.
SOURCE: HR:358
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2018, August 25). Termination for cause. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/termination-for-cause-1918274
45. B
To improve performance. Businesses often provide additional training based on changing needs in the workplace. As technology and job responsibilities change, it is necessary to train employees to perform new tasks or tasks that have been revised. By providing training, businesses are helping employees learn new skills and improve their performance. Socialization is part of the orientation process. Businesses do not provide additional training to analyze diversity or identify sensitivity.
SOURCE: HR:392
SOURCE: Frost, S. (2018, June 30). The importance of training & development in the workplace. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-trainingdevelopment-workplace-10321.html
46. A
Organization's. Each organization, or business, develops standards for evaluating an employee's performance. When supervisors evaluate employees, they should rate them according to established standards. An employee is more likely to resent a negative evaluation if it is based on the supervisor's standards. Evaluations are not based on the standards set by employees or competitors.
SOURCE: HR:368
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [p. 358]. New York, NY: McGrawHill/Irwin.
47. A
To predict change. Businesses need a wide variety of information in order to make decisions about how the business will market its goods or services. Businesses gather marketing information about their customers, the competition, the economy, and sales trends in order to predict what may occur in the future. The use of marketing information allows businesses to prepare for change and adapt in order to remain successful. Businesses often develop surveys and conduct research to obtain the marketing data they need to analyze in order to predict change.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 37]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. C
The step in which the most mistakes are made. The reason that the most mistakes are made in this step is that data collection can be a tedious chore. When researchers become bored, they may record data inaccurately. It is also the most expensive and least interesting step.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
49. A
House. A durable good is an item that is intended to last a relatively long time. Most houses would be considered durable goods. Haircuts, gasoline, and hamburger are eventually used up and are, therefore, classified as nondurable goods.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
50. C
Psychological. Consumer behavior encompasses individuals' actions that determine what they buy and sell. Psychological, social, and personal factors all influence consumer behavior. Psychological factors include an individual's motives, perception, attitude, lifestyle, personality, abilities, and knowledge. Consumer behavior is also impacted by social factors such as opinion leaders, a person's family, reference groups, social class, and culture. Personal factors impacting consumer behavior are specific to a particular person and include demographic characteristics such as gender, age, ethnicity, etc. While political and economic factors may influence consumer behavior in some instances, motives, perception, attitude, lifestyle, personality, and abilities are not political or economic factors.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-006 Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
51. D
Strategies. Marketing strategies are game plans for getting the job done. Budgets and salespeople are factors in a strategy, and profit is a goal of most strategies.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002 Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. B
Mass. Mass marketing is designing products and directing marketing activities in order to appeal to the whole market. One marketing plan can thus be used to appeal to many types of customers. Demographic characteristics, such as age, income, or occupation, and psychographic characteristics, such as lifestyles and personalities, are used to define or differentiate between segments of a market.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. B
Geographic. When analyzing the market, it is important for businesses to collect several types of geographic information. First, a business considers the geographic location of customers and potential customers. Businesses need to know where their customers are. Also, a business considers the geographic location of the business. Businesses need to know if they are located in an area that has market potential or if there are too many competitors in that area. A market analysis does not involve collecting confidential, employee, or property information.
SOURCE: MP:009
SOURCE: Frenz, R. (2017, September 26). Components of marketing analysis. Retrieved September 20, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/info-7921910-components-market-analysis.html
54. C
Operational activities. The sales forecast, the prediction of future sales over a specific period of time, is the basis for many other operational activities. The forecast affects decisions about production, distribution, purchasing, promotion, etc. Therefore, the sales forecast needs to be as accurate as possible so the business correctly plans the other operational activities. For example, if the forecast is too high, a business might produce substantially more product than it will be able to sell. A sales forecast is not the basis of pricing strategies, business reports, or management techniques.
SOURCE: MP:014
SOURCE: Metcalf, T. (2018, April 5). Top 10 reasons why sales forecasting is important. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/top-10-reasons-salesforecasting-important-24818.html
55. A
Analyzing click-through rates. Businesses develop performance measures to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing activities. Businesses also need to compare the performance measures to financial outcomes to determine if the activity was worth the cost. The click-through rate for online advertising is a performance measure. By analyzing the click-through rate, businesses can link performance to financial outcomes. For example, if 200,000 people viewed a site and 8,000 of them clicked on a banner ad, the click-through rate is 4%. If the goal was to achieve a click-through rate of 2%, the activity outperformed expectations that might lead to an increase in sales, which is the financial outcome the business desires. Developing advertising budgets and paying for direct-mail pieces are promotional activities. Maintaining sales receipts is a bookkeeping activity.
SOURCE: MP:020
SOURCE: WordStream. (n.d.). Click-through rate (CTR): Understanding click-through rate for PPC. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.wordstream.com/click-through-rate
56. B
Firewall. Firewall software is intended to prevent unauthorized access to a computer network. Many businesses require firewall software to be installed on their computer systems because their systems are networked, and hackers could destroy or steal valuable data. Firewall software is a security feature that helps protect a business's computer network. Businesses do not install reality, spider, or media software as a security feature.
SOURCE: NF:012
SOURCE: Cisco. (2015, July 30). What is a firewall? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/security/firewalls/what-is-a-firewall.html
57. C
Promotional. Promotional records are documents containing information about the various types of communication that businesses use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products, images, or ideas. Businesses often keep copies of their promotional materials in case they need to refer to them in the future for some reason (e.g., to answer customer inquiries). Contracts, permits, and leases are examples of records that businesses keep for regulatory and legal purposes. Inventory records contain information about the types and quantities of materials or products the business has available or on order. Asset records contain information about the things that a business owns, such as the equipment and furniture it uses to operate.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001 Record It (Business Records)
58. B
Increase in competition. A business's external environment is always changing and dynamic. Elements of the external environment that are likely to impact business decision-making are competition, demographics, society and culture, the economy, the government, and technology. Personnel, training, and quality control measures all represent internal elements of the business's environment.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015 Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
59. B
Mean. The mean is a measure of central tendency. Mean is a mathematical average, which involves adding together the raw data and dividing the sum by the number of individual data. In the example, James added together all of the salaries of the companies that he researched ($31,205 + $29,995 + $34,800 +$42,500 + $36,500 = $175,000). Then, Jack divided the sum by the number of individual salaries in the set of data ($175,000 / 5 = $35,000). The mode of a set of numbers is the value that appears most often in the set. The range is the difference between the largest and the smallest number in the data set. The median is the exact middle of a data set. In the example, $34,800 is the median of the data set.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Russell, D. (2018, March 11). How to calculate the mean, median, and mode. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.thoughtco.com/the-mean-median-and-mode-2312604
60. B
Performance indicators. A performance indicator is a measure of the success of a certain activity or entity. Businesses often set performance indicators for their own success, as well as the success and effectiveness of their suppliers. Performance indicators commonly used to evaluate vendor performance and effectiveness include on-time delivery rate, return rate, and number of customer complaints. If a vendor does not meet or exceed a particular indicator, the business is apt to discuss the measure with the vendor and develop a plan of corrective action. A consensus scale is a measure of each group member's feelings toward a proposed decision or solution. Economic indicators are statistical measures used to assess the health and direction of the economy. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow in relation to the capital it has already invested into itself.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Brown, C.M. (2010, December 30). 7 tips for rating and evaluating your suppliers and vendors. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/guides/2010/12/7-tips-torate-and-evaluate-your-suppliers-and-vendors.html
61. D
Production. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. For example, a company uses raw materials, equipment, employees, and a building to produce radios for purchase by other businesses for use or for resale. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
62. B
To lead the effort. Management sets the tone for quality in a business and leads the effort. If managers do their best to achieve quality and set an example for employees, the employees usually follow. Managers lead by setting clear goals, by making sure employees understand the goals, by giving employees the information and tools they need, and by being supportive. They also lead by behaving the way they expect employees to behave. The role of management in the achievement of quality in a business is not to assign blame or judge the staff. Management should direct and guide. It is not possible to eliminate conflict, although management often can control conflict.
SOURCE: OP:020
SOURCE: Brown, B. (2017, September 26). The role of managers in Total Quality Management. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/info-7743372-role-managers-totalquality-management.html
63. A
Insurance. Insurance is a fixed operating cost it does not increase or decrease with changes in production. Sales commissions, advertising, and travel expenses are all variable they fluctuate with changes in production.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009 Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
64. B
Variable costs and fixed costs. A break-even analysis is a financial assessment that a business uses to identify the level of sales it needs to reach the break-even point at various prices. To conduct a breakeven analysis, the business must know the fixed costs and variable costs it will encounter to get the good or service to the end user. Production time might be included as a cost in certain types of businesses (e.g., tax preparation, manufacturing). Depreciation rate is the level at which the value of something (e.g., equipment) reduces over time.
SOURCE: OP:192
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2018, August 23). What is a break-even analysis? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-break-even-analysis.htm
65. A
Does the cost of the contract exceed the cost of possible repairs? The business should estimate the costs of the most expensive, possible repairs and calculate if these expenses would be more or less than the cost of the service or maintenance contract. If the cost of the repair would be less than the cost of the contract, it may be wise to forgo the contract. The business would consider the need for installation and the availability of training and technical assistance when purchasing equipment. A business does not consider how much profit the seller will make on the contract.
SOURCE: OP:027
SOURCE: Thakur, S. (2011, April 28). Negotiate software maintenance contracts: Tips & strategies. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.brighthubpm.com/monitoringprojects/115813-negotiate-software-maintenance-contracts-tips-and-strategies/
66. B
Estimated sales exceed actual sales. Budgets are only useful if a business compares the budget estimates with actual operating conditions. Businesses use the budget information to make decisions about how the business will operate and to make changes when necessary. A business knows that it must make operating changes if it compares the level of sales estimated in the budget with actual sales figures and finds that actual sales are not keeping up with the estimates. This information indicates that the business might not make the expected profit or even have a loss if changes are not made. A business probably would not make operating changes if the budget information indicates that total revenues exceed projected costs, expected profits are increasing, and accounts receivable are on target.
SOURCE: OP:030
SOURCE: Johnston, K. (2016, October 26). How does a budget help management make good decisions? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/budgetmanagement-make-good-decisions-57917.html
67. C
Monitor the performance of all supply chain partners. To ensure the efficient production and distribution of products, companies should monitor the performance of all supply chain partners on a consistent basis. Companies should not ignore underperforming vendors they should work with them to resolve the problem(s) or else replace them. Companies must be careful when introducing new innovations or changes to the production process. Introducing change too quickly can overwhelm the supply chain, resulting in failure to meet production quotas. Companies should stick with a single supplier when launching a new product in order to avoid overcomplicating the process.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Schiff, J. (2016, February 17). 13 ways to improve your supply chain management. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.enterpriseappstoday.com/supply-chainmanagement/slideshows/13-ways-to-improve-your-supply-chain-management.html
68. B
Financial. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps a business determine if it is achieving its goals or if it needs to take corrective action, so it can achieve its goals. Financial analysis involves evaluating the business's financial health. Because the business needs to make a reasonable profit so it can thrive in marketplace, it is important to continuously analyze the business's financial status. The operations business function involves the day-to-day activities that the business performs activities that are required for continued business functioning such as producing goods and services. Information management is the process of coordinating the resources pertaining to business knowledge, facts, or data. Sales is a marketing activity that involves responding to consumer needs and wants through planned, personalized communications intended to influence purchase decisions and ensure satisfaction.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, July 9). Financial analysis. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/financial-analysis.asp
69. B
Business process thinking. Business process thinking is a method of thinking that emphasizes the importance of processes in business. Managers who use business process thinking would most likely establish the necessary steps to complete a project before assigning the project to staff. Human resource planning, agile project management, and change management are also important business practices, but they are not described in this example.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2016, August 3). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-processthinking.html
70. B
Regulatory. Because the manufacturing company is required by local government to dispose of its waste safely, the company must design its waste disposal process to abide by the regulations. This is an example of regulatory factors affecting business process design. Human factors affecting process design include stress, employee morale, and fatigue. Technological factors that can affect process design include the cost of any equpiment or hardware that is necessary for the process. The term "natural factors" is not usulaly used to describe factors affecting process design.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
71. A
A manufacturing company purchases a new software program to run its machines. Technology can cause a business to change its processes, such as when a new technology becomes available or an old technology becomes obsolete. A small general store offering discounts to compete with a new shopping mall is an example of how competition can cause business processes to change. A waste treatment plant changing its disposal method to align with environmental law is an example of how regulations and governmental factors can cause business processes to change. A family-owned restaurant opening a second location in an effort to expand its brand is an example of how the desire for growth can cause business processes to change.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Gleeson, P. (2018, June 30). Factors that may cause change in an organization. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/factors-may-cause-changeorganization-203.html
72. D
Poor supply chain management can result in customer dissatisfaction. Poor supply chain management would likely lead to many problems for all members of a supply chain, such as order fulfillment delays and product quality issues. These issues would most likely result in customer dissatisfaction, not customer satisfaction. Good supply chain management would lead to increased value for customers, since product issues would be less likely. Good supply chain management is likely to result in sustainable business practices, not unsustainable business practices.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2016, October 26). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supplychain-management-affect-manufacturing-companies-75841.html
73. D
Emotion. Chad feels strongly about the second car, so his decision-making is influenced by his emotion. Chad isn't influenced by experience because he hasn't encountered this particular option before. Framing is an external factor that refers to the way an option is presented. Chad isn't being influenced by insight or intuition because he doesn't have a gut feeling that the second car is better. In fact, he knows that the first car is a much better buy, but he decides to go with the second car anyway.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017 Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
74. D
Allows adequate time for personal and professional activities. The use of time-management techniques forces us to take care of important activities immediately, which relieves pressure and tension. It allows more time for rest and relaxation. This will ultimately reduce stress.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001 About Time (Time Management)
75. D
The board of directors. A corporation's board of directors is responsible for approving and reviewing the corporate governance policies of the business. These corporate governance policies specify the guidelines and rules by which a corporation is directed and run. Although shareholders, the management team, and the investors are affected by these rules, it is the job of the board to approve and review them.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Brefi Group Limited. (2018). Roles and responsibilities of directors and boards. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.brefigroup.co.uk/directors/directors_roles_and_responsibilities.html
76. B
The board of directors represents the shareholders. A company's board of directors represents the interests of the shareholders through the board's management of the company. The shareholders often have a role in electing the board members. The shareholders do not pay dividends to the board of directors. The shareholders also do not make decisions for the board members; rather, board members make decisions on behalf of the shareholders. The board of directors does not hold the shareholders accountable; rather, the shareholders hold the board of directors accountable.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, April 22). Corporate governance. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
77. A
Provide an objective perspective. An organization's board of directors should include both inside and independent members. Inside members are high-level executives, shareholders, or stakeholders in the organization. Independent members are not involved with the organization. They provide an objective view, keep the board transparent, and help balance out the power of the board. They do not represent the interests of management. They also do not necessarily understand the company's inner workings, at least not as well as inside members. Independent members are not necessarily any less likely to act unethically than inside members.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Knowledge @ Wharton. (2015, June 16). How independent directors bridge the information gap. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/howindependent-directors-bridge-the-information-gap/
78. B
Exchange price. The exchange price is the amount of money that the buyer is willing to pay and the seller is willing to accept for a good or service. When a good or service is sold, the buyers and sellers have agreed on a value for the product, which is the exchange rate. For example, if a business offers a product for $50 and customers agree to pay that amount, the exchange rate is $50. Price policy is a guideline regulating the range of prices for goods and services that businesses offer to customers. Equilibrium price is the point at which the quantity of a good that buyers want to buy is equal to the quantity that sellers are willing to sell at a certain price. Price lining is the practice of selling goods/services at a limited number of predetermined price points, or levels.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002 The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
79. B
False, most factors affecting price are not controlled by the firm. Most of the factors to be considered in setting prices are external to the business. These factors are not controlled by the firm and include such factors as supply and demand, economic conditions, competition, and channel members.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: LAP-PI-003 Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
80. B
Creates a competitive advantage. Product research and development is an expensive process for a business. Before a business invests time, personnel, and money to take an idea and turn it into a product, it must determine if the product is feasible, or reasonable, to make and market successfully. The idea is feasible if it translates into a product that creates a competitive advantage for the business. A competitive advantage is the edge achieved by a business that offers something better than its competitors. A business bases its sales quotas on existing information rather than product ideas. Costs are a consideration when determining product idea feasibility; however, high production costs often make product ideas impractical. Because services are often feasible product ideas, the ideas do not need to be durable goods.
SOURCE: PM:129
SOURCE: NPD Solutions. (2016). Assessing the feasibility of a new product. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.npd-solutions.com/feasibility.html
81. A
Mix. A product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Terry's job is to choose items for that mix. While Terry is not directly responsible for sales, he is responsible for buying products the company can sell. A product item is each individual good, service, or idea that a business offers for sale. A product line is a group of related product items.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003 Mix & Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
82. C
Current product mix. The product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company goals. Most businesses have an image that appeals to their target market and add items to the product mix that are consistent with the types of products they currently handle. Patronage motives are emotional or rational buying motives that cause people to choose one business over another. Level of service is the number of services that a company offers its customers and the speed at which those services are performed. Advertising objectives are the specific purposes or goals of individual advertisements or advertising campaigns.
SOURCE: PM:006
SOURCE: Claessens, M. (2015, June 1). Product mix decisions - Width, length, depth and consistency. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://marketing-insider.eu/product-mix-decisions/
83. B
Service standards. Service standards are specifications for the quality of service that a business intends to provide. Many businesses identify standards for service and continually work to improve them in order to attract customers and be competitive. By having high service standards, businesses are often able to set themselves apart from competitors. Businesses do not identify and strive to improve commission plans, personal characteristics, and operating quotas in order to attract customers and be competitive. However, favorable commission plans might attract quality employees.
SOURCE: PM:273
SOURCE: Ray, L. (2017, November 21). Performance standards for customer service. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/performance-standardscustomer-service-1299.html
84. D
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes and businesses. Businesses that use direct mail often send it to current customers who are likely to buy more products. Persuasive direct mail encourages immediate action such as mail orders or inquiries. A sales letter is a type of printed direct mail, as is a postcard. Participative is not a type of direct mail.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003 Ad-Quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
85. A
Product seeding. Product seeding involves "planting" or placing the product in the hands of specific influencers. The goal is to have the influencers be seen using or wearing the product, which will in turn generate interest in and desire for the product. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Cause marketing occurs when a business supports a cause that affects society such as protecting the environment or raising awareness of a disease. Social media involve the use of websites and applications for social networking.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Bart, Y. (2017, November 14). Product seeding: Word-of-mouth effects for and beyond the focal product. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.gfkverein.org/en/publications/gfk-marketing-intelligence-review/all-issues/connectedconsumer/product-seeding-word-mouth-effects-and-beyond-focal-product
86. C
Customize the messages. Direct marketing is a form of promotion that directly communicates with members of the target market. Two channels that businesses commonly use to communicate directly with customers are email and traditional postal mail. Both of these direct-marketing methods provide the business with the ability to customize the message or offer to appeal to the message recipient. For example, an online business might have a customer's personal product preferences stored in its database. When a customer's favorite products go on sale, the business can send email messages to the customer to let him/her know about the promotion. This form of direct marketing is a way to connect and build long-term relationships with customers. Customized messages do not appeal to a mass audience. A business cannot assume that the majority of message recipients will respond to a direct-marketing message. In some, but not all situations, a business may save money by using one form of direct marketing over other forms of promotion.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, June 27). The advantages & disadvantages of direct marketing & telemarketing. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantages-direct-marketing-telemarketing54933.html
87. A
Communications channels. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. In sales promotion, businesses use several means to provide information to customers or potential customers. These include giving away samples so customers can have firsthand experience with the product; giving away premiums which are free gifts that remind customers of the business; and giving away advertising specialties, such as key chains that include the name and phone number of the business. The reason for using these communications channels is to encourage customers to buy. Samples, premium, and advertising specialties are not examples of publicity strategies, marketing activities, or selling techniques used in sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 405-411). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
88. A
To obtain publicity. By sponsoring an event, businesses are using the event as a communications channel to provide information to others. The goal of sponsoring an event is to obtain publicity which is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it. In many cases, the media report the event and include information about the sponsors. As a result, the businesses obtain publicity. Businesses that sponsor local events are not creating news. Businesses do not sponsor local events to generate revenue or to sell products. However, by obtaining publicity, they might attract more customers which will result in selling more products and generating more revenue.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 399). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. A
Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events. Public relations are a function of business that is designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. The business can foster goodwill with its various publics its customers, its investors, its employees, the community using a variety of tools and activities. Some public relations tools and activities include writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, sponsoring events, and holding press conferences. Identifying trends is a marketing-research activity. Hiring new staff members is a human resources activity. Product development is a product/service management activity.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 356]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
90. A
Appraisal cost. The cost of employing product inspectors is an appraisal cost. Appraisal costs are the costs associated with catching defective products as quickly as possible (quality control). Internal failure costs are the costs associated with defective products before they make it to the customer. External failure costs are the costs associated with defective products that have reached the customer. Prevention costs are the costs associated with making sure defective products don't get made in the first place (quality assurance).
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001 Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
91. B
Qualitative; quantitative. Qualitative analysis of risks measures the probability of a risk occurring. Quantitative risk analysis is more precise and assigns numbers to risk based on data reported. Qualitative risk analysis is more general, whereas quantitative risk assessment helps go more in depth and offer a more valid way to make decisions. Risk assessments are generally not categorized as preventative or responsive.
SOURCE: RM:059
SOURCE: Dcosta, A., & Finn, W. (2011, June 15). An overview of project risk assessments with samples. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/riskmanagement/110139-an-overview-of-project-risk-assessments-with-samples/
92. C
Loss of data during the transfer. When a company switches to an ERM software system, there is the potential for data to be lost during the transfer/conversion process. However, the increased emphasis on risk and standardization of reporting are benefits of implementing ERM software rather than potential risks. ERM software generally increases efficiency of resource use rather than decreasing it.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Merit Solutions. (2015, August 24). Risks associated with ERP implementation. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.meritsolutions.com/business-insights/risks-associatedwith-erp-implementations/
93. D
Technical. In some cases, using a certain number of technical terms is necessary to the sale of the product. However, their use should be limited as they may be unfamiliar to customers. A sales vocabulary should be clear, but expressive, creating pictures through carefully chosen words. Personal words make the customer feel as though s/he is a part of the presentation.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
94. D
Planning. The planning function is the management function that lays the groundwork for all of the other management functions. Organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling decisions are based on the plans the business has established.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. B
Report unethical actions. Managers can promote ethical behavior in the business by encouraging employees to report unethical actions. If employees know that unethical behavior will not be tolerated and that such behavior will be punished, they are more likely to behave in an ethical way. By reporting unethical behavior, employees are helping managers enforce ethics in the business. The managers, rather than the employees, are responsible for developing a code of ethics for the business. Managers do not promote ethical behavior in the business by encouraging employees to be thoughtful of others or to avoid social situations.
SOURCE: SM:002
SOURCE: Lambarki, T. (n.d.). How managers can encourage ethical behavior. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://courses.lumenlearning.com/suny-principlesmanagement/chapter/howmanagers-can-encourage-ethical-behavior/
96. C
Unrealistic. Setting goals and objectives help a company move forward, but the goals must be realistic. Companies that set unrealistic goals are less likely to achieve those goals. If they plan for the unrealistic goals, acquire additional inventory, and hire more staff, they may encounter failure. Practical, reasonable, and scientific are characteristics of realistic goals and objectives.
SOURCE: SM:008
SOURCE: The Happy Manager. (2007-2018). What are SMART objectives - and how do you set them? Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://the-happy-manager.com/tips/smart-objectives/
97. B
Hot n' Spicy Wings and Southern Fried Chicken House. Direct competition is competition which occurs among businesses that offer similar goods or services. Hot n' Spicy Wings and Southern Fried Chicken House are direct competitors for consumers' food purchases. All of the other alternatives are businesses that are in indirect competition with each other because they offer dissimilar goods or services.
SOURCE: SM:011
SOURCE: Oman, J. (2018, January 16). Understanding your competition. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://smallbusinessbc.ca/article/understanding-your-competition/
98. C
Executive summary. The executive summary is the most critical component of a business plan. It is the heart of your business plan and the first thing that readers will see. Most readers will use the executive summary to determine whether or not it's worth reading any further. While the company description, market analysis, and financial plan are all important, the executive summary is the most critical component of the plan.
SOURCE: SM:013
SOURCE: LAP-SM-013 Plan for Success (Creating a Business Plan)
99. A
Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project. To innovate new ideas and processes, employees must be willing to adapt to unforeseen circumstances. This flexibility is essential to successfully innovate. Sticking to traditional ideas and processes, getting frustrated with learning new skills, and staying quiet during brainstorming sessions are all indications that these employees are not likely to be called innovative by their supervisors.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Bagley, R. (2014, January 15). The 10 traits of great innovators. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/rebeccabagley/2014/01/15/the-10-traits-of-greatinnovators/#5429e812ed50
100. A
To obtain buy-in from stakeholders. Changes are more successful when stakeholders are supportive of them. Change management helps obtain this buy-in from stakeholders by keeping them informed and involved. Limiting the effects of a change, keeping the people involved to a minimum, and reducing the time it takes to make a change are not necessarily goals of change management.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Change management. Retrieved September 17, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
Test 1209
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. C
Defamation. Defamation is the publication of an untrue statement that subjects an entity to ridicule or contempt. Jack is publishing untrue information about his former employer out of spite, so he is committing defamation. Invasion of privacy occurs when a person's personal life is exposed unnecessarily. Battery is intentionally touching another in a harmful or offensive way without justification. Negligence includes situations in which harm is caused accidentally. None of these three types of torts apply to Jack.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: The essentials (12th ed.) [p. 108]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
2. C
Intellectual property. Intellectual property refers to the ownership of ideas. Unlike tangible assets such as cars or computers, intellectual property is a collection of ideas and concepts. In many countries, there are three ways to protect intellectual property: patents, trademarks, and copyrights. Patents protect processes, methods, and inventions. Trademarks protect brand names—including words and symbols that are used to identify a product or company. A copyright will protect the following categories of work: literary works; musical works; dramatic works; choreographic works; pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works; motion pictures; sound recordings; architectural works; and computer programs and websites. Patents, trademarks, and copyrights do not protect physical inventions, houses and apartments, or government secrets.
SOURCE: BL:051
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2017). Intellectual property. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/intellectual-property
3. B
Open corporations. Individuals who invest their money in an open, or public, corporation are known as stockholders, or shareholders, because what they actually purchase are shares of stock in the corporation. This gives the investors the opportunity to share in the growth and possible profits of the corporation. General partnerships are owned by two or more partners. A close corporation is owned by a few people and does not offer its shares for sale to the general public. A sole proprietorship is owned by one person.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
4. A
Sole proprietorship. Owners of sole proprietorships bear all the responsibility and decision-making for the business. Since there is one owner, the sole proprietor maintains control of every aspect of the business. General partnerships, "S" corporations, and LLCs have more owners; therefore, each owner generally has less control over business activities.
SOURCE: BL:006
SOURCE: LAP-BL-006—Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)
5. D
Getting their products to consumers more efficiently. Channels of distribution benefit businesses by getting their products to consumers more efficiently. This may help raise profits, but it is not a guarantee. Channels may lower the prices of some but not all industrial goods. Channels allow businesses to share channel tasks, but they will not be able to avoid all channel tasks—every channel member contributes.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: LAP-CM-002—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
6. A
Producer to consumer. When goods are sold directly from the producer to the consumer, this is a direct channel of distribution. All of the other alternatives involve one or more intermediaries between the producer and the consumer. These are examples of indirect channels of distribution.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
7. C
Global industry benchmarking system. A global system provides a standard rating system with which to evaluate the effectiveness of international channel members. Because of the cultural, social, and political differences that exist outside of a company's national boundaries, the company's norm may not apply in these cases. A neutral third party familiar with international expectations may be a better judge of the channel member's effectiveness. The International Monetary Fund deals with exchange rates and differences in international currency. International trade centers and global distribution centers are examples of international channel members.
SOURCE: CM:011
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th ed.) [Lesson 14-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
8. C
Help with major decisions. A complex business report is a well-organized presentation of accurate information gathered to help with major business decisions. It summarizes the most important data, but it may not present all views on the subject. In most cases, it includes recommendations for action or suggested solutions for problems.
SOURCE: CO:009
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.) [Lesson 10-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
9. C
Henderson Photography…uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority. The brand promise is a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Henderson Photography tells you exactly what you can expect every time you purchase its services—unique photos to capture special moments. Fred's Furniture is offering sale prices for a limited time. The business offering credit terms to qualified customers has also placed time restrictions on its offer and has limited the offer to some rather than all customers. Rather than a brand promise, the businesses are using promotion. Cup O' Joe is communicating the convenience of having four locations.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Hinge. (2016, January 4). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://hingemarketing.com/library/article/elements_of_a_successful_brand_4_brand_promise /?pivot/archive/2007-06/index.html
10. D
Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps regulate the system. A private enterprise system is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than the government, own or control the means of production. A private enterprise system is considered a mixed economy because individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, while the government helps regulate and control the system. The government's activities serve to promote a fair competitive buying and selling environment. In a command economic system (communism), the government controls the economic system and does not allow private ownership of the means of production and distribution.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
11. D
Utilities. Operating expenses are those expenses necessary to keep the business running on a daily basis. They include utilities, rent, payroll, insurance, taxes, and supplies. Cost of goods is a separate category of expense, not part of operating expenses. Revenues are all categories of income that bring money into the business. Employees' withholding taxes are paid by the employees, not by the business.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
12. B
Total cost. The average total cost curve is what a manager should be looking at when s/he thinks about increasing or decreasing company size, because it shows the average total cost to the company per unit produced. The average marginal cost per unit produced would not give an accurate picture of the company's financial situation because it only shows the cost incurred per each additional unit produced. Analysis of the average revenue and average marginal revenue would only show how much the company is profiting on average, respectively, in terms of total average output and per each additional unit produced. This information by itself gives no insight into the cost incurred by the company in the production process.
SOURCE: EC:077
SOURCE: Gottheil, F.M. (2013). Principles of economics (7th ed.) [pp. 190-193]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
13. A
Communication. Communication, both verbal and nonverbal, causes the greatest number of cultural sensitivity issues. Level of comfort with uncertainty and relationships to time and space also cause cultural sensitivity issues, but not as many as communication does. Globalization is a trend that is making the world seem a lot smaller—it offers proof that diversity is inevitable.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
14. B
Promoting benefits. Persuasion is the ability to get people to see things your way, to do things your way, and to agree with you. Persuasion often involves appealing to others' wants and needs, and presenting information in such a way that it encourages them to support the idea or action. In the example, Porter discussed the benefit of a pay raise. Empathy is the ability to identify with another person's thoughts, feelings, values, and actions. There is no indication that Porter holds a position of authority or that he is arguing with someone on minor points.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-QS-010—Win Them Over (Persuade Others)
15. B
Flexible. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When employees are demonstrating adaptability, they are able to be flexible and adjust to changing conditions. When employees demonstrate adaptability, they are not necessarily being aggressive, honest, or creative.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
16. C
Everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. One reason that an excellent business vision is general rather than specific is that everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. Team members should be able to relate the team vision to their own personal visions for what they want to accomplish in their own careers and also for the organization. Excellent visions are meant for the long term. Employees don't always need to be told exactly what to do. Excellent visions are compelling and energizing, but this does not relate to them being general or specific.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
17. B
Finding a shared vision. Strategic relationships are successfully formed when both sides share a common vision that they can work toward together. Both parties will be equally motivated to succeed. Establishing dominance and control, seeking a deal as quickly as possible, and focusing on Nico's shortcomings will hinder Gianna from building a strategic relationship with Nico.
SOURCE: EI:114
SOURCE: McKay, K. (2014, June 3). How to create strategic partnerships that are a win-win. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/234425
18. D
Sending holiday cards to clients. "Leveraging" means making the most out of something. In business, leveraging a relationship means maximizing the benefits of the relationship for your company. Leveraging business relationships is important for retaining current customers and continuing to obtain new customers. One example of leveraging an existing business relationship is sending holiday cards to clients. Sending a card is a thoughtful gesture that says to the client, "We care about you." Avoiding meeting new people would not help an individual leverage his/her existing relationships. Calling clients just to say hello would be unwise, since many customers are annoyed by unexpected and unimportant phone calls. Deleting negative client reviews is not only unethical, but would also not help leverage an existing relationship.
SOURCE: EI:116
SOURCE: Wayshak, M. (2018). 7 ways to leverage existing customers for more sales. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/281492
19. B
A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing. Creating a product to solve a problem and selling that product is a good example of an entrepreneurial venture because a need has been identified and met; the product solves a problem for consumers, while the resulting sales benefit the veterinarian. A juice bar selling juice on location during special events expands its business but does not represent a new idea or problem solved. A pumpkin farm offering pumpkin carving and costume contests to create more interest is not creating something new or solving a problem. A “cretzel” might be a new creative pastry, but there is no indication that it meets an identified consumer need.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Allen, K.R. (2020). Launching new ventures: An entrepreneurial approach (8th ed.) [p. 5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
20. C
The impact of new technologies should always be evaluated. An entrepreneur should always evaluate the potential impact that new technologies could have on business opportunities and competition. While the application of technology to business practices often has huge benefits, it is not always feasible or wise to apply them to every business practice. While the benefits of new technologies may be expensive or overrated sometimes, their impact and business potential should always be evaluated.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2019, July 29). Why is technology important in business? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/about-6320228-technology-importantbusiness-.html
21. C
Internet-based companies can easily become involved in international trade. A company that has a website can easily be found by people in foreign countries, and online services like eBay make international transactions easy to conduct. Small businesses represent a large majority of international trade. Freight-forwarding services are often used by companies, but they are not required. Foreign language skills may be helpful, but they are not required to conduct international trade since people in many countries speak more than one language and translation services exist.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 351-356]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
22. C
Lead to more opportunities. A circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means to become a business is referred to as a venture opportunity. When an entrepreneur assesses the venture opportunity, s/he determines the chances of success. One factor the entrepreneur considers during the assessment is the potential for the venture opportunity to create more opportunities. These other opportunities might include the ability to develop additional products, appeal to different market segments, and expand via multi-units or franchising efforts. When an entrepreneur hires employees, s/he usually expects employee loyalty, regardless of the type of venture s/he is starting. The government requires all businesses to complete paperwork (e.g., tax forms), which is often complex. Therefore, paperwork is not a primary consideration, nor is satisfying its vendors' needs.
SOURCE: EN:005
SOURCE: Ray, L. (2018, October 17). 5 steps to evaluating business opportunities. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/5-steps-evaluating-businessopportunities-44673.html
23. D
The feasibility study is completed before the business plan is developed. A feasibility study can be used to determine the viability of several business alternatives, regardless of whether similar businesses already exist. The feasibility study pinpoints the strengths and weaknesses of each alternative so that the business idea that seems to have the best chance of success can be selected. After the most viable alternative is chosen, then a business plan, which is essentially the written business model for that alternative, can be developed.
SOURCE: EN:038
SOURCE: Profitable Venture Magazine Ltd. (2009-2019). Feasibility study vs. Business plan - What's the difference. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.profitableventure.com/feasibility-study-business-plan/
24. D
Incorporation. Some of the expenses that an entrepreneur must pay during the startup phase are onetime costs, while other costs are ongoing. An example of a one-time cost is an incorporation fee, which an entrepreneur must pay if s/he chooses to incorporate the new business. Trade association membership fees, shipping and postage costs, and website maintenance are typically routine, ongoing expenses that the business must pay on a regular basis.
SOURCE: EN:009
SOURCE: SmallBusiness.com. (2018, October 13). Starting a small business. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://wiki.smallbusiness.com/wiki/Starting_a_small_business
25. C
Adam is working 14 hours a day at his new company and is not spending time with friends. There are many types of risks when starting a new business. Because many new business owners focus their attention on their businesses, they often neglect relationships with family and friends. This is social risk because there is a possibility of losing personal relationships when people do not spend time together in social situations. Another type of risk is physical risk. This occurs when a new business owner is under stress and develops an illness or physical ailment, such as an ulcer. Obtaining a bank loan is a financial risk, while quitting a job may present a career risk.
SOURCE: EN:010
SOURCE: Loesch, B. (2012, April 3). 6 commonly overlooked risks when starting a new business. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.business2community.com/startups/6commonly-overlooked-risks-when-starting-a-new-business0158188#acXl2uBTHM3aV2gM.97
26. D
Private equity. When a startup business owner obtains money in a way that s/he does not have debt, it is called private equity. This may include using personal savings, receiving money from friends and relatives, or soliciting support from private investors. Private investors generally expect a financial return on their investment. Credit and banks are debt-based ways to finance a business because these options involve repaying a loan. Collateral savings is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: EN:016
SOURCE: Riley, J. (2019). Sources of finance for a startup or small business. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/sources-of-finance-for-a-startup-orsmall-business
27. C
Does the workload require a full-time or part-time employee? A business owner considers many factors when determining if s/he should hire an employee. An important factor to consider is the nature of the work that the owner needs to have done—bookkeeping, purchasing, ad placement, etc. The owner must also consider how often certain tasks are performed (e.g., weekly, monthly). After determining what skills are needed, the owner must decide if there is enough work for a full-time employee or if a part-time employee could handle the workload. The business owner recruits applicants after determining the necessary skills and approximate workload. Therefore, the business owner cannot answer the remaining questions until s/he determines the type and amount of work s/he needs the employee to do.
SOURCE: EN:018
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 607-615]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
28. C
Expertise. Resources are the items or people that a business uses to accomplish a goal or to make a product. Small-business owners must consider both the costs and the benefits in obtaining the resources they need to operate their companies. When a business needs special knowledge to operate or expand, the owner may need to hire someone with a specific set of skills or expertise, which can be a substantial payroll expense. Self-control and a good attitude are good traits to have, and the company may benefit from them; but the employee must have the knowledge and skills to have the ability to perform tasks that others in the company cannot.
SOURCE: EN:021
SOURCE: Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011). Entrepreneurship: A small business approach. (pp. 34, 78). New York, NY: McGraw-Hill.
29. A
Territory. Work flow is the order in which information is shared, tasks are performed, and decisions are made in relation to activities that keep a business running. A business organizes its work flow in a manner that best suits the nature of the business and its goals. One way to organize work flow is to divide work-related tasks by geographic location, such as territory or region. When a business organizes groups to do specific short- or long-term projects, work flow is organized in work teams. Authority and relationship are not widely used terms that businesses use to describe work flow organization methods.
SOURCE: EN:027
SOURCE: Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011). Entrepreneurship: A small business approach (pp. 159-161). New York, NY: The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
30. B
Talk with their customers and vendors. An opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means to meet an objective. Many small-business owners are entrepreneurs—individuals who look for opportunities to start businesses and then take action to make the opportunities actualize. There are many ways to look for business opportunities, such as watching trends; attending trade shows; and talking with friends, customers, vendors, and business associates. Although an opportunity can present itself at any time, it doesn't usually happen while doing tasks such as analyzing sales reports or revising operating budgets. After deciding to start the business, a small-business owner might apply for a commercial bank loan to finance a new venture.
SOURCE: EN:031
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Petty, J.W., Palich, L.E., & Hoy, F. (2020). Small business management: Launching and growing entrepreneurial ventures (19th ed.) [pp. 59-63]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
31. A
Financial. As a business grows, the owner often needs to invest in additional resources to efficiently operate. A resource is a person or item that is needed to accomplish an objective. A profit is the money left over after paying expenses, which is a financial resource. Fundamental, strategic, and structural are not common terms that business owners use to describe types of resources.
SOURCE: EN:032
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2019). 3 ways small businesses can re-invest profits. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/cash-flow/3-ways-small-businesses-can-re-investprofits/
32. C
A harvest strategy. A harvest strategy is the way an entrepreneur or investor extracts money from a business or product after it has become successful in order to invest it in something else. For example, if a car company's pickup truck is already successful, it does not need the same level of funding that it once did. Those funds can be extracted and put into a new product, such as hybrid vehicles. This is not an example of a marketing plan, risk mitigation, or the discovery process.
SOURCE: EN:035
SOURCE: Kenton, W., & Abbott, B. (2019, April 20). Harvest strategy. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/harvest-strategy.asp
33. B
Analyze, journalize, and post. The major steps of the accounting cycle—in their proper order—are analyzing financial transactions, journalizing transactions, posting to ledgers, balancing the books, preparing financial statements, and closing the books.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. C
$8,555. Businesspeople prepare cash flow statements to estimate when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business during a certain period of time. The information in the cash flow statement can help the business plan financially. To determine the amount of cash that is available to operate the business, subtract the expenses from the total amount of cash ($36,200 - $27,645 = $8,555).
SOURCE: FI:092
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., & Taylor, W.B. (2020). Managerial accounting (15th ed.) [Lesson 15-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
35. D
Under stockholders' equity. Retained earnings are represented under stockholders' equity because they are monies reinvested back into the business by the stockholder(s). Assets are considered resources owned by the company, not monies invested or reinvested into the business. Contributed capital refers to monies invested into the company by the owner or other investors, rather than profits or earnings that are reinvested into the company. Revenue refers to earnings from the sales of goods or services and is dealt with on income statements, not balance sheets.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Bienias, C., Gilbertson, C.B., Lehman, M.W., & Gentene, D. (2019). Century 21 accounting: Multicolumn journal (11th ed.) [Lesson 16-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
36. D
Repay a loan. Creditors are responsible for deciding whether a business should be given a loan. The income statement helps creditors assess the business's creditworthiness and the risk of extending credit to the business. It provides the evidence needed to prove that the business can pay back the loan. Expanding operations, developing new products, and increasing staff are some of the reasons why a business might apply for a loan and need to provide creditors with its income statement.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
37. B
Managerial accounting. Managerial accounting involves using information to create budgets or to make business decisions, typically by analyzing the cost of future business activities and evaluating the business's current costs and performance. Financial accounting involves recording and classifying business transactions, as well as preparing financial statements that report on actual business activities. Forensic accounting techniques are used to investigate legal claims, fraud, and other similar matters. Internal auditing involves testing a company's internal controls to determine if they are appropriate and followed correctly.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Accounting Verse. (2019). Types of accounting. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.accountingverse.com/accounting-basics/types-of-accounting.html
38. A
Collateral. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the business that is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Banks usually require that businesses put up acceptable collateral, such as inventory or buildings, which equal the amount of the loan. If the business is unable to repay the loan, the bank takes the collateral. Technology is scientific applications to business objectives or the methods used to attain those objectives. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Compensation is salary or wages.
SOURCE: FI:023
SOURCE: Warren, C.S. (2017). Survey of accounting (8th ed.) [Lesson 8-1i]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
39. B
They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount. A downside of acquiring capital through debt financing is that the borrower must pay interest on the money borrowed. This means that John and Damien will end up owing more than the amount of money they initially borrowed. In equity financing, stocks are sold to shareholders and those shareholders own a stake in the company. Damien and John would not be required to repay the money immediately.
SOURCE: FI:340
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 483-495]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
40. D
Increased convenience. Increased convenience is an intangible benefit that might be included in a costbenefit analysis. It's called an intangible because it is difficult to measure in financial terms. Decreased expenses, reduced employee turnover, and increased profits are all benefits that can be measured more easily in dollar amounts.
SOURCE: FI:357
SOURCE: LAP-FI-011—Running the Numbers (Cost-Benefit Analysis)
41. A
Jury of executive opinion. The jury of executive opinion method uses predictions by a company's top executives that are averaged for a composite sales forecast. The Delphi technique uses the opinions of the company's executives and outside expert opinions combined. The sales force composite method is based upon the predictions of the members of the sales force and combined into a composite forecast. The survey of buyer intentions method uses the customers and their plans to purchase for the coming year.
SOURCE: FI:096
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2019). Jury of executive opinion. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/jury-of-executive-opinion.html
42. B
Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Three main elements are included on the balance sheet—assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Available cash is one part of the business's total assets. If the assets do not equal the liabilities when the liabilities are added to the owner's equity (Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity), information on the balance sheet is incorrect.
SOURCE: FI:335
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2019, August 15). What is the accounting formula? Retrieved on September 6, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/the-accounting-equation-392966
43. D
“Edit company newsletter.” Editing the company newsletter is a task that would be listed in an official job description. A job description is an explanation of the specific responsibilities associated with a certain job. A job specification, on the other hand, is an explanation of the skills, knowledge, and characteristics required for a job. Having 10-15 years of experience, being able to work closely with others, and possessing an associate's degree or higher are all examples of what might be listed in a job specification.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. C
Employee to customer ratio. Businesses usually consider a variety of factors when determining hiring needs because they want to hire the right number of employees. One important factor is the employee to customer ratio, particularly for businesses that interact directly with customers. For example, a business decides that it should have one employee per 10 customers. As the business estimates its rate of growth, it realizes it will need to hire additional employees to maintain the desired ratio. The type of application is not a factor. Bonuses for outstanding performance are given to employees rather than customers. The business's sampling plan, which typically guides the selection of a truly representative sample for marketing research purposes, is not a consideration in determining hiring needs.
SOURCE: HR:353
SOURCE: Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 2.4e]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
45. C
Appropriate match of employees to jobs. An effective employee selection procedure screens applicants carefully and selects those who are best qualified to do the job. This benefits the business because the new hires need little or no training and are soon able to achieve good levels of productivity. Effective selection does not reduce the need to orient employees to their new place of employment. A rapid rate of turnover and having a number of employees who need training would not benefit the business.
SOURCE: HR:356
SOURCE: Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 6.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
46. C
Past work experience. Businesses maintain a variety of information about employees in personnel records. One type of information is past work experience. This information may be used when considering employees for promotions or for assignment to special projects. The work experience information tells a business if an employee has the necessary background and qualifications. Businesses do not maintain information about an employee's political affiliation, family history, or country of origin.
SOURCE: HR:359
SOURCE: Society for Human Resources Management. (2018, April 4). Complying with employment record requirements. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-andsamples/toolkits/pages/complyingwithemploymentrecordrequirements.aspx
47. D
Nonjudgmental. In general, a disciplinary situation would be approached in a nonjudgmental manner, with all facts gathered completely and accurately. Poor handling of a discipline problem may result in additional discipline, lower productivity, and morale problems. Adopting a harsh or critical attitude can destroy or damage an employee's self-esteem, which frequently affects productivity. A wait-and-see attitude often allows a problem time to develop into a more serious situation.
SOURCE: HR:369
SOURCE: Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 13.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
48. B
To remain competitive. Today's business environment is becoming more global in nature. To remain competitive in this environment, businesses need up-to-date marketing information about a variety of issues such as economic conditions, political systems, and technological changes throughout the world. Frequently, businesses in one part of the world make decisions that affect their customers in other parts of the world. To be able to make the right decisions and stay competitive, the businesses need marketing information about conditions in those areas. Businesses do not gather marketing information about conditions throughout the world to understand geography, import products, or eliminate trade quotas.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: LAP-IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
49. A
Marketing research. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about a specific problem. Businesses use the information that is obtained through marketing research in decision-making and problem-solving. Data analysis is usually a part of the research process that involves interpreting the information that has been collected. Observation is a marketing-research method that gathers data by watching consumers. Financial management is the decision-making involved in allocating funds.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: Babin, B., Zikmund, W. (2016). Essentials of marketing research (6th ed.) [pp. 4-6]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
50. A
Market planning. Market planning aims to create strategies to attract the target customer to a business. Market planning includes determining activities, goals, objectives, and procedures necessary to carry out those strategies. Pricing is determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information. Channel management involves identifying, selecting, monitoring, and evaluating sales channels, also known as channels of distribution.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
51. A
Improving this year's customer satisfaction by 7% over last year's ratings. The strategy of conducting customer surveys supports the goal of improving this year's customer satisfaction ratings. It does not support improving sales training results, which is about making sure the company's salespeople are performing their roles appropriately. It does not support improving telemarketing skills, either, because telemarketing skills belong to the caller—not to the customers who are surveyed. In addition, it does not support improving proposal writing because, of course, the writers are not customers.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. C
Target. A target market is a group of customers who have similar wants and needs. By identifying such a group, businesses can focus their marketing efforts on meeting the needs of the businesses or individuals in the group. These may be retail businesses, industrial businesses, or individual consumers.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. D
Lifestyles. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of consumers' lifestyles and personalities. Gender, income, and occupation are elements of demographic segmentation, which is the division of a market on the basis of its physical and social characteristics.
SOURCE: MP:005
SOURCE: Babin, B., & Zikmund, W. (2016). Exploring marketing research (11th ed.) [p. 168]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
54. B
Product quality and price. Analyzing competitors in a specific market involves evaluating the quality and price of their products. As the result of such an analysis, a new business might find that the competition offers products of medium quality at limited prices. This indicates that a need might exist for higher and lower quality products in various price ranges. Armed with this information, a new business has a better chance to provide products that customers want and need and to compete successfully in a specific market. Before locating in a community, a new business would consider the size and availability of space, and the cost of supplies and equipment. However, these are not factors involved in analyzing competitors. Industry research might be useful, but the training that the industry provides is not a factor in analyzing the competition.
SOURCE: MP:012
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 3-2c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
55. C
$375,000. The objectives in a marketing plan are intended to lead to sales and an increase in revenue. When preparing its marketing plan, a business develops specific objectives to follow that should be clear and measurable, such as increasing sales by 15%. If a business increases sales by 15%, it will probably increase revenue, also. To determine the amount of increase in this example, first determine the current level of sales by multiplying the amount each customer spends by the number of customers ($10,000 X 250 = $2,500,000). Then, multiply current sales by the projected increase ($2,500,000 X 15% or .15 = $375,000). Therefore, if the business achieves the objective in its marketing plan, it will increase sales by $375,000.
SOURCE: MP:018
SOURCE: Berry, T. (2014). How to forecast sales. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://leanplan.com/how-to-forecast-sales/
56. B
It is data put into a useful form. Data and information are not the same thing. Data are the necessary facts and figures, but information is what you get when data are in a useful form. Information is something an organization values, and it is not always simple to manage.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
57. C
Graphically display financial information. Businesses establish specifications for selecting spreadsheet software in order to obtain the type of programs that will meet their needs. This is important because not all spreadsheet software programs have the same capabilities, such as graphically displaying financial information. Some businesses may need only simple graphics in the form of graphs or charts, while others need sophisticated graphics that will display financial information in a variety of visual formats. Communications software is used to electronically communicate data. Database software is used to regularly organize customer information. Word processing and graphic design programs are used to produce marketing data.
SOURCE: NF:091
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). New York, NY: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Inaccurate. Quality business records should be retrievable, reliable, and accurate. When a business does not update information (e.g., inventory status), it runs the risk of making poor business decisions by using inaccurate information. The example does not indicate that the information is unavailable, unorganized, or irrelevant.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
59. A
Human resources records. A company's human resources records include employee attendance as well as notes (positive or negative) about each employee's performance. Production records would not be helpful in evaluating customer service employees because those employees do not work in the part of the company that produces the products. R&D records are not helpful because customer service employees do not work in research and development. Inventory records track the products in the warehouse, which is not the responsibility of the customer service department.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2019). Personnel records. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.managementstudyguide.com/personnel-records.htm
60. D
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. C
Wear protective headgear when working in hazardous areas. Businesses develop safety policies, which are guidelines that employees follow to reduce the risk of injury in the workplace. Safety policies vary by industry and business, but the purpose of the policies is to keep employees safe while on the job. For example, a business might require employees to wear protective headgear when they are working in a warehouse or in dangerous areas where items or debris may fall from high shelves. Businesses should keep aisles clear of equipment and supplies to reduce the risk of falls, which can cause injuries. Exit doors should always be accessible, so employees can vacate the building if an emergency (e.g., fire) occurs. Reviewing or inspecting products are product/service management issues rather than workplace safety concerns.
SOURCE: OP:012
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
62. A
Timing. When tasks need to be completed in sequential order, one team member cannot start his/her task until another team member has completed her/his task. If one team member runs behind, it affects all other team members who must complete tasks after that team member. This can create bottlenecks and can cause delays and missed deadlines. Therefore, it is important to coordinate tasks so that sufficient time is allocated to complete each task. Durability and pricing may be factors when coordinating certain types of projects; however, these factors may or may not be tied to the tasking sequence. Credibility is believability.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 5-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
63. A
Prevent losses to the business. A business should try to produce only as much as it can produce well. If production quantities exceed consumer demand, the business will lose money on unsold products. If the business does not produce enough to meet consumer demand, it will lose sales to competitors. Planning production quantities does not help increase demand, locate resources, or sequence production steps.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
64. D
They are not directly related to production. Operating costs are the ongoing, day-to-day expenses of running a business that are not related to production. They consist of both fixed and variable expenses, and they are ongoing—not just occurring once or twice a year. All businesses incur operating expenses.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Operating Costs)
65. C
Contract B by $60. Service contracts often provide businesses the option of including a certain number of service calls in the yearly price or paying a flat rate for service and then an additional fee for each call. Depending on the type of service that a business needs, it might be more cost effective to pay for each call if the business does not expect to need many repairs. To calculate the yearly cost of contract B if the company needs 12 calls, first multiply the price per call by 12 ($70 X 12 = $840). Then, add that amount to the base price ($840 + $600 = $1,440). Subtract the cost of contract B from the cost of contract A to determine the savings ($1,500 - $1,440 = $60). The business will save even more if it does not need 12 calls a year.
SOURCE: OP:027
SOURCE: Harness, J. (2018, November 5). What is a service contract agreement? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/info-7959728-service-contract-agreement.html
66. C
Budget. Budgets provide a business with projections of expenses or standards for spending that help the business allocate funds and control expenses. An income statement compares actual income against actual expenses for a fiscal period. A balance sheet is a statement that shows a firm's assets in relation to its liabilities and owner's equity. A ratio is the relationship between two numbers.
SOURCE: OP:029
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2019). Foundations of business (6th ed.) [Lesson 16-3a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
67. D
Goods and communication should flow both ways. In a supply chain, goods and information should flow back and forth among all supply chain members, rather than merely going in one direction. Producers should not necessarily be in contact with the final consumer. Emphasis is placed more on internal activities in operations management, rather than in supply chain management. Finally, there is no set number of people that should be involved in operations; it depends on the nature of the company.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Bozarth, C.C., & Handfield, R.B. (2013). Introduction to operations and supply chain management (3rd ed.) [pp. 6-7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
68. B
Competitive. Companies analyze many business functions to determine if they are achieving their organizational goals. Companies analyze their activities in relation to their competitors' activities to determine how well they are performing in the marketplace. If a competitive analysis reveals that a company has lost some of its market share, the company will need to attract new markets or develop new products to improve its market share. Luke will likely review the competition's promotional, financial, and production processes as part of the competitive analysis if the information is available.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2019). Competitive analysis. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/competitive-analysis
69. A
A company strives to fix its method of internal communications. Processes are sets of steps used to reach an outcome. Process thinking means keeping processes in mind throughout a project or business venture. An example of a process is a method for communicating internally in an organization. If a company strives to fix its method of internal communications, it is focused on process thinking. Business process thinking involves departments working together, rather than avoiding interaction. Firing employees rather than fixing the overall customer service process is not an example of business process thinking. Finally, prioritizing product promotions over product development is not related to business process thinking.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Business Enterprise Mapping. (2017, May 10). Why process thinking enables performance improvement. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.businessmapping.com/blog/why-process-enables-performance-improvement/
70. B
Human. Business process design is influenced by human factors, such as stress and fatigue. A business process may not work if it causes stress to employees, or if they are too fatigued to complete their work properly. These are not examples of technological, regulatory, or government factors.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (1999-2015). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
71. C
Merges with another company. An alteration to a company's current business process is considered a business process change. If a company undergoes a significant change, such as merging with another company, it requires a change in business procedures. Planning a meeting for Friday and having a profitable quarter are not reasons to change a business process. If a company goes out of business, it would no longer have business processes.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Holmes, T., & Everett, W. (2017, August 12). What is business process change? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-business-process-change.htm
72. A
Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers. Supply chain management allows customers to more quickly get the products into their hands, which improves their satisfaction. Integrating information throughout an organization, improving cash flow, and enhancing data quality do not directly increase customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: OP:477
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th ed.) [Lesson 1-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
73. A
Competitive. A competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors. An absolute advantage is the advantage achieved when a nation can produce a good or service at a lower cost than another nation. Creative advantage and administrative advantage are not terms typically used in discussions about innovation.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
74. B
Stakeholder. Corporate governance is the system of rules and practices that control the company. Corporate governance revolves around balancing the desires of the stakeholders in a company. Corporate governance is not just concerned with CEO or vendor desires; instead, it focuses on the desires of all stakeholders, including customers, financiers, the community, the government, and managers. Corporate governance is not necessarily concerned with competitor desires.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, April 18). Corporate governance definition. Retrieved September 9, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
75. B
Demonstrating transparency. Transparency involves maintaining open and truthful communications. For corporate governance to be effective, it must be transparent with stakeholders so they are aware of what is going on and can make decisions accordingly. Golden Ray Corporation is being transparent by releasing a statement about its former board member's personal scandal. Golden Ray Corporation is not necessarily lacking accountability, following regulatory guidelines, or measuring internal performance.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Pearse Trust Blog. (2014, February 19). The core principles of good corporate governance. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.pearse-trust.ie/blog/bid/108866/The-CorePrinciples-Of-Good-Corporate-Governance
76. D
Borrowing money from a bank. Banks often require an organization with a loan to follow external control mechanisms that impact its governance structures. Hiring employees, developing a marketing strategy, and raising prices are all common business activities that are not likely to impact an organization's governance structures.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2019). Three types of corporate governance mechanisms. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-corporate-governancemechanisms-66711.html
77. D
Measurable. When an organization is developing performance standards, it should ensure that those standards are measurable so that they can actually be used to evaluate performance. Performance standards should be objective rather than subjective. They also should be clearly stated in writing rather than informally discussed. Finally, performance standards should be realistic rather than extremely challenging.
SOURCE: PD:256
SOURCE: U.S. Office of Personnel Management. (n.d.). Performance management: Performance management cycle. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.opm.gov/policy-dataoversight/performance-management/performance-management-cycle/planning/developingperformance-standards
78. D
Pricing. Pricing is the determination of an exchange price at which the buyer and seller perceive optimum value for a good or service. Promotion stimulates demand for products by informing customers of the products' availability. Place decision is the marketing element focusing on considerations in getting a selected product in the right place at the right time. Product decision refers to what goods, services, or ideas a business will offer its customers.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
79. D
Profit control. While there may be times when a business will select a low selling price that generates little or no profit for the business, this would not be regular practice. Businesses generally use prices that will give them maximum profits and still be accepted by customers. These prices are affected by the prices of competitors, government regulation in certain aspects of pricing, and supply and demand for the product(s) being sold.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: LAP-PI-003—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
80. A
Online customer reviews. Reviews written by customers can provide a wealth of information about a business's customer experience. Although negative comments about the business usually outnumber the positive ones, reviews can be quite revealing. By reading customer reviews, a business can find out what is good about its customer experience and what needs to be improved. Sales data would not be useful in evaluating customer experience. Consumer trends can help a business understand the direction in which consumer purchasing is going, but they can't be used to evaluate customer experience either. Kiosks are stand-alone structures located in public places that are designed to provide information and sell products, not gather information about customer experience.
SOURCE: PM:138
SOURCE: Lamb, C.W., Hair, Jr., J.H., & McDaniel, C. (2019). MKTG (12th ed.) [Lesson 6-2b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
81. D
Contraction. Contraction of the product mix means removing, or deleting, product items or lines from the product mix. A company may decide to do this if a product is no longer profitable. Trading down is a product-mix strategy in which a business adds a lower priced product or line to its product mix. Trading up is a product-mix strategy in which a business adds a higher priced product or line to its product mix. Alteration is a product-mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its product or product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
82. B
Convenient store hours and receipts for purchases. Stores must be open when it is convenient for customers to shop. All stores should provide the customers with receipts for the purchases. The receipts are used for accounting and stockkeeping purposes as well as for customer convenience and satisfaction. Free delivery services are unnecessary for cash and carry stores. Play areas for children are unnecessary in stores where shoppers seldom bring children. Not all businesses can afford the time, space, and employees needed to offer repair services. Restaurants or snack bars can be a valuable service in stores where customers shop for long periods of time, but food-selling areas could often be more profitably used for selling other items. Alterations would be offered in some specialty shops, and fashion shows are provided by apparel retailers.
SOURCE: PM:036
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019). Contemporary marketing (18th ed.) [Lesson 16-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
83. A
Meaningful to the customer. A unique selling proposition (USP) that is specific to its target market's needs is meaningful to the customer. Most college students are looking for affordable, value-priced products. This USP is not necessarily difficult to communicate. USPs should be desirable and urgent as well as fulfillable, but this USP does not necessarily illustrate those characteristics.
SOURCE: PM:272
SOURCE: LAP-PM-272—Stand Out (Unique Selling Proposition)
84. D
Persuasive. To be a success, promotional messages should be persuasive and convince buyers that the product that is being sold can meet their needs. Relevance is when the promotional message is relevant to the audience that it is intended to target—the people that are the most likely to buy the product. Repetitious refers to the message being repeated, not heard just one time. Factual refers to the fact that the promotional message should be based on facts, not statements that will mislead the person receiving the message.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
85. B
Continuity plan. A continuity plan describes strategies to deal with a potential shut down of business operations. A safety plan describes strategies to help prevent employee injury during daily operations and in emergency situations. A business plan describes the overall business goals of a company. A continuity plan often includes an asset security plan that describes strategies to protect valuable assets during a shutdown.
SOURCE: SM:012
SOURCE: Lazzari, Z. (2018, August 25) What is a business contingency plan? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/business-contingency-plan-1081.html
86. D
A company asks customers to share product reviews on a website. Amplified word-of-mouth strategy involves a business asking others to help spread the word about its products, such as requesting customers to share product reviews on a website. Customers sharing the release date for a new product on Facebook, posting comments about a company on Twitter, and sharing their opinions of a new product with a friend are examples of organic word-of-mouth because they were created by consumers, not the company.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Warren, M. (2019). Word of mouth marketing for 2019: How to create a strategy for social media buzz & skyrocket referral sales. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.bigcommerce.com/blog/word-of-mouth-marketing/#what-is-word-of-mouthmarketing
87. C
Production. The development or production of the direct advertising campaign might include the layout and printing costs of a brochure or catalog. Production needs are often outsourced to other companies and can be very expensive. Therefore, production costs are primary considerations when developing a direct advertising campaign. Inventory refers to the product that a company has available in stock. Research is the act of collecting information. Although research may cost a company money in terms of locating vendors (e.g., printers), this is not usually as costly as production. Therefore, research is not a primary cost. Follow-up is the determination of a customer's satisfaction with a good or service after a sales presentation regardless of whether or not a sale was made.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Bruce, J. (2017, July 31). How much does direct mail marketing cost? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.mediaspacesolutions.com/blog/how-much-does-direct-mailmarketing-cost
88. C
Rebate. Sales-promotion techniques are activities other than advertising, selling, and personal selling that stimulate customer purchases. A rebate is a sales-promotion technique in which a business (manufacturer) returns part of the price that a customer (Ben) pays for a good (cell phone) or service. Rebates stimulate sales because customers want to receive money back for their purchases. Couponing involves the use of printed certificates that entitle the holder to a reduced purchase price. Coupons are generally processed at the point of sale. Sweepstakes involve a game of chance in which a customer wins a prize. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A warranty is a benefit of purchase rather than a sales-promotion technique.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019). Contemporary marketing (18th ed.) [Lesson 18-6a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
89. C
Crisis management. Crisis management is a public relations strategy that involves the ongoing managing, planning, and coordinating of resources to handle undesirable situations or circumstances. Market segmentation is the process of dividing a total market into smaller, specific groups. Territory development refers to the expansion of a selling area. Talent acquisition is the process of finding and hiring employees.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Lamb, C.W., Hair, Jr., J.H., & McDaniel, C. (2019). MKTG (12th ed.) [Lesson 16-5a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
90. A
A customer complains that her/his new cell phone battery quit working after one week. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. If customers complain that goods are breaking or not working after a short period of time (e.g., cell phone batteries), there may be a product-durability problem. After a problem is detected, the business can determine why the problem is occurring and then take steps to fix the problem, which will restore or improve the quality of the product. Returning a sweater that is a wrong size, complaining about the way a steak has been prepared, and returning a software package because it does not work with a computer are examples of compatibility issues.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (The Nature of Quality Management)
91. A
Categorize. A risk management plan helps separate risks into categories, which helps them be properly organized and easier to manage. Risk management programs do not necessarily encourage, prevent, or process risk.
SOURCE: RM:045
SOURCE: Educba. (2016, July 19). 6 basic steps to develop a project risk management plan. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.educba.com/project-risk-management-plan/
92. B
An increasingly diverse array of risks. In the past, risks were managed through the purchase of insurance. However, companies have begun to manage many different types of risks that need to be managed on a broader level. Enterprise risk management is now a plan-based strategy that is incorporated throughout an organization. Enterprise risk management has not developed due to the elimination of certain insurance plans, reduced government regulation, or declining quality standards.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, July 2). Enterprise risk management. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-management.asp
93. A
Computer. A computer has the characteristics of a tangible item. Tangible items are those that can be touched, smelled, tasted, and/or seen. A car wash, a haircut, and a lawyer's advice are all services.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
94. D
Managers. A business's managers are the ones who set the example and create an ethical environment. If managers behave in an ethical way and make it clear that unethical behavior will be punished, employees will follow the lead. On the other hand, if managers behave unethically, employees will often do the same because they think such behavior is acceptable. Attorneys and consultants are outside the business and do not influence the business's ethical atmosphere.
SOURCE: SM:002
SOURCE: Universal Class. (1999-2019). Your legal and ethical responsibilities as a manager in the workplace. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.universalclass.com/articles/business/your-legal-and-ethical-responsibilities-as-amanager.htm
95. B
Company description, financial plan, and marketing plan. A comprehensive business plan consists of many elements including detailed financial, marketing, product, service, management, operating, and legal plans. The company description defines the type and purpose of the business. The summary is an overview that highlights the main points of the various plans. Although some businesses might include information such as franchise agreements, annual reports, and sales reports, these items are not always applicable to the business and, therefore, are not always components that are included in a business plan.
SOURCE: SM:007
SOURCE: LAP-SM-007—Plan Now, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)
96. D
The business can change its marketing mix. While the business cannot control the external factors in the environment that affect the business, the business can change its marketing mix (price, place, product, promotion) to reflect any shifts in the environment. That is why most businesses prefer to be proactive by planning ways to cope with expected changes. Government regulations can increase the costs of doing business, and the marketing mix may be affected by technology, but those are not reasons the business should consider the impact of changes on the marketing mix.
SOURCE: SM:011
SOURCE: Riley, J. (2019). External environment: Introduction (GCSE). Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/external-environment-introduction
97. D
Persuasive. Persuasive direct mail makes consumer response easy by including stamped, selfaddressed envelopes or toll-free telephone numbers. This encourages immediate action. The goal of informative direct mail is to provide consumers with background information on a good or service. Reminder direct mail's main purpose is to make the consumer stop to consider the product being offered. Utility mailings are a functional part of mailing such as a business reply postcard.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Types of Promotional Media
98. D
5% higher. Businesses often compare their income from sales and the cost of buying those goods to the industry standard to determine if they are spending too much based on the profit earned. If the industry standard is 30% gross profit, a business wants to make sure that it is earning that amount. In order to calculate the percent of gross profit, first subtract the cost of goods sold from annual sales to determine gross profit ($400,000 - $260,000 = $140,000). Then, divide that figure by annual sales ($140,000 / $400,000 = .35). Convert that figure to a percentage by multiplying by 100 (.35 X 100 = 35%). In this case, the business is earning 35% gross profit which is 5% higher than the industry standard.
SOURCE: SM:005
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, April 18). Gross profit definition. Retrieved September 6, 2019 from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/grossprofit.asp
99. C
Adaptability. Innovation requires change and learning to be successful. Organizations that encourage adaptability and know how to accept change are much more likely to innovate successfully. Organizations that avoid change are likely less equipped for innovation. Organizations that lack leadership or that motivate with fear are not necessarily better equipped for innovation.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Decision Innovation. (2009-2019). Managing change and innovation—Getting the most from the innovation funnel. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.innovationmanagement.org/managing-change-and-innovation.html
100. A
Change. Change management is a set of strategies designed to ensure that changes in an organization are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. By helping the accounting staff make the transition to a new software, Antonio is engaging in change management. He is not performing inventory management, operations management, or supply chain management.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2019). Change management. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
Test Sample 2017
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. A
Sovereign immunity. Sovereign immunity is a legal concept stating that the courts in a country represent that country's laws, and their decisions cannot be reversed by the decisions of courts in other countries. For example, a U.S. court cannot reverse a finding of "not guilty" by a court in Canada, or vice versa. This means that businesses operating in foreign countries are subject to the laws of those countries. Eminent domain involves the right of a government entity to take private property for a public purpose with fair compensation being paid to the owner. Absolute privilege is a protection given to courtroom participants to encourage people to speak without fear of liability. Social responsibility is the concept that businesses are accountable to society and have a duty to contribute to the well-being of society.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 202]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Defamation. A tort is a private wrongdoing against a person or business. Defamation involves making false statements about another party with the intent to discredit or hurt the other party's reputation. In the example, ABC's incorrect statement about Marston's products hurt Marston's sales. In response, Marston may file a lawsuit against ABC on the grounds of defamation. The situation is not related to privacy, infringement, or trespassing.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Laws.com. (2017). A brief overview of tort law. Retrieved April 14, 2017, from http://tort.laws.com/tort-law
3. C
Selling an item for $500. In a contract, consideration is what one party gives or receives in exchange for something else. If a person contracts with another person to sell an item for a certain amount, the consideration is giving up the item in exchange for $500. In this situation, the buyer's consideration is the $500 paid for the item. Consideration is not putting the price in writing, promising to make a gift, or giving away an item worth $500.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Stim, R. (2016). Consideration: Every contract needs it. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/consideration-every-contract-needs-33361.html
4. D
Americans with Disabilities Act. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) prohibits businesses from discriminating against disabled individuals who are qualified to do the job. In order to protect these individuals, the ADA also regulates the type of questions that businesses may ask potential employees. Businesses may not ask questions about medical histories, specific diseases, prescription drug usage, treatment for mental health problems, etc. These are issues that businesses should not consider when hiring employees. The Vocational Rehabilitation Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and the National Labor Relations Act do not prohibit businesses from asking potential employees about their medical history.
SOURCE: BL:008
SOURCE: ADA.gov. (2017). The Americans with disabilities act of 1990 and revised ADA regulations implementing Title II and Title III. Retrieved June 7, 2017, from https://www.ada.gov/2010_regs.htm
5. C
Limited partnership. A limited partnership permits a partner to invest in a business but have limited liability and responsibility. General partnership agreements are designed to combine capital, experience, and the abilities of two or more people. An open corporation sells millions of shares of stock to many stockholders. Consolidation would be the joining of two or more companies to form a new company.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
6. B
Final consumers. The goal of channels of distribution is to move products from producers to final consumers. Along the way, products may go through channel members known as intermediaries or middlemen. Industrial distributors are a type of intermediary.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: LAP-CM-002—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
7. B
Industrial user. A business that buys materials, services, or goods which it will use to make other goods is an industrial user. Because Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams to carry out its business activities (building and repairing bridges), it is an industrial user. If Horton Manufacturing makes the steel beams, it is the producer. A wholesaler is an intermediary who helps to move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers. Agents are intermediaries who assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
8. B
Customer service. Investment companies often evaluate the performance of their independent agents who are the channel members. One of the criteria that companies use to evaluate channel members is customer service because the independent agents are the ones who actually deal with the customers. Investment companies want to find out if their agents are performing well and providing the type of service that the companies expect customers to receive. If they find that some agents are not providing the appropriate level of service, they usually try to provide assistance to help the agents improve. An investment company would not evaluate independent agents based on inventory level, business plan, or operating policy.
SOURCE: CM:011
SOURCE: Suttle, R. (2017). Why is customer service important to an organization? Retrieved June 7, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/customer-service-important-organization2050.html
9. B
Letter of transmittal. The letter of transmittal introduces the report, and it includes the reasons for preparing the report as well as acknowledgements of those who helped in its preparation. The summary is a brief presentation of the findings, which saves time for busy executives who have to read many reports. The body is a detailed presentation of the pertinent facts that have been gathered. The writer's recommendations are simply statements of the writer's opinions.
SOURCE: CO:009
SOURCE: Sessoms, G. (2017). What is a letter of transmittal? Retrieved June 7, 2017, from http://work.chron.com/letter-transmittal-6249.html
10. C
Making a brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. In the example, the brand promise is to provide all customers with quick, courteous service. Developing a campaign platform, stating industry policies, and establishing product position are not activities in which a business is making a pledge or promise to customers.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
11. C
Product prices. For example, when demand for a product is greater than supply, the price will rise. If the price rises too high, the demand will drop. When the supply exceeds the demand, the price will fall. Government regulation ensures that individuals and businesses follow the rules. Pollution is related to business practices. Economic choices are the decisions people are free to make, such as what to buy and what jobs to hold.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
12. A
People's attitudes have changed. As the marketplace became more complicated, consumers turned to government for more protection from dishonest or deceptive business practices. The technical nature of products, cost of production, and increased competition between businesses are not reasons to cause government's role to expand. Increases in cost of production become a contributing factor only when cuts are made in safety that may cause consumer-protection problems. Competition in the marketplace would be a contributing factor when a business engages in deceptive advertising or tries to limit competition.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
13. A
A trust fund. Trust funds come from payroll taxes and are designated for specific uses. They cannot be spent on anything else. Income taxes do not become trust funds; rather, they are general funds and can be spent however the government sees fit. The national debt is the total amount of money that the federal government has borrowed. Defense spending goes toward funding the military and national security, rather than toward keeping elderly and disabled people out of poverty.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
14. B
Pay taxes. Small businesses incur taxes to pay for the government services that community members use, such as roads, schools, trash removal, etc. Small businesses provide jobs and increase competition by giving consumers more options. Charging interest benefits the business rather than the community.
SOURCE: EC:065
SOURCE: Webb, C. (n.d.). The advantages of small local businesses. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-small-local-businesses-2159.html
15. C
Learning differences in body language. Body language includes gestures, facial expressions, tone of voice, or any other form of communicating without words. These forms of nonverbal communication have different meanings in different parts of the world. Furthermore, some gestures that are acceptable in one country are actually offensive in other countries. Businesspeople who take the time to learn the differences in body language usually are able to develop cultural sensitivity and avoid using inappropriate gestures and facial expressions. Businesspeople do not develop cultural sensitivity by practicing oral presentation skills, taking a course in ancient history, or studying road maps of various countries.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: Karr, L. (2013, February 20). Cultural body language differences. Retrieved June 7, 2017, from http://www.brighthubeducation.com/language-learning-tips/4599-cultural-differences-incommon-body-language/
16. C
Compromise. Negotiation is the process of reaching an agreement with another party. In any negotiation, one person attempts to get another person to agree to a certain course of action to meet one person's needs or wants. Compromise occurs when an agreement is reached by giving up something in order to obtain something else. A contract is developed and signed after all parties agree to the terms. A lose-lose situation occurs when neither party gets anything it wants, which usually means that the negotiation has been suspended.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: LAP-EI-008—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
17. A
Social management. Communicating effectively, showing a sense of teamwork, and being a good negotiator are all ways to demonstrate social management. Social management is the ability to respond effectively to others' emotions, and good leaders are good social managers. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of his/her own emotions. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is purposeful. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
18. C
Aspirations. Aspirations are not a part of the cost involved with making a vision into a reality. However, money, time, and effort are all a part of that cost.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
19. C
Persistence. Adaptable people never give up. They commit to their goals, and they're willing to achieve them in any way possible. Attentiveness, positivity, and a sense of humor are all characteristics of adaptable people, but they aren't demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
20. B
Gives you motivation. Recognition is a powerful motivator. It often prompts us to take some kind of action. While recognition may indeed allow you to relax, help you to learn, and provide a good example, those are not major benefits.
SOURCE: EI:014
SOURCE: LAP-EI-141—Gimme Five! (Recognizing/Rewarding Others)
21. A
Flexibility. Flexibility is a motivator that attracts many budding entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs are their own bosses, and they are able to decide when and where to work and for how long. Flexibility allows an entrepreneur to control and manage time based on individual needs and desires and on the nature of the business. Entrepreneurs often have to work very long hours, but this is not a reason to become an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs face a great deal of risk and responsibility.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: The Intern Group. (2016, February 15). 7 benefits of a career in entrepreneurship. Retrieved June 7, 2017, from https://www.theinterngroup.com/our-blog/7-benefits-of-being-anentrepreneur-and-a-career-in-entrepreneurship/
22. B
Dealing with cultural and language barriers. If Mike expands his business internationally, he may run into problems if he doesn't do enough research into the other country's culture. He may also have a problem if he doesn't know the other country's language. Encountering new markets would be an advantage of expanding internationally. Depending on which country he expands to, Mike could have fewer government regulations and he could save money on taxes, but these would be considered advantages.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Arthur, L. (2015). The advantages and disadvantages of international franchises. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantagesinternational-franchises-22488.html
23. A
The venture's staffing needs, raw material needs, and estimated return on investment. Prior to writing a business plan, Claire should conduct a feasibility study of her new venture idea. By analyzing factors such as the venture's staffing needs, raw material needs, and estimated return on investment, she can determine the viability of the business. If, after completing the study, she concludes that the idea will work, she can proceed with the planning and actualization of the business venture. Although she might consider potential competitors' past sales while conducting the feasibility analysis, Claire cannot consider the new venture's past sales—the venture has not been actualized yet, so it has no past sales to consider.
SOURCE: EN:038
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Feasibility study. Retrieved on June 7, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/feasibility-study.asp
24. A
Tactical. Entrepreneurs and small-business owners must engage in a variety of planning activities to get a business started and to keep it running smoothly. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year) of specific actions the business will take. Strategic planning is long-range planning (three to five years) for the company as a whole. Systematic planning involves using a set of procedures to plan activities. Environmental planning focuses on establishing goals and activities that affect the natural environment.
SOURCE: EN:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2013). Entrepreneurship (p. 358). Tinley Park, IL: The GoodheartWillcox Co.
25. A
The Internet. After an entrepreneur identifies a venture opportunity, s/he develops the opportunity idea (concept) and determines its feasibility. To do this, the entrepreneur conducts comprehensive research, often by collecting information from external sources, such as the Internet. The entrepreneur may find applicable, free- or low-cost information on the Internet. The entrepreneur might collect information from marketing research firms, focus groups, or professional consultants, but these options are often expensive.
SOURCE: EN:011
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Feasibility study. Retrieved on June 7, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/feasibility-study.asp
26. A
Market-segment analysis. A business plan is a detailed document that serves as a blueprint or guide for developing the business. It requires the business owner to think about many factors affecting the business, such as the customers, the competition, necessary resources, and promotional efforts. In most cases, lending institutions require entrepreneurs and potential business owners to submit a business plan when applying for a loan for the venture. One section of the business plan involves providing information about the market segment, or the customers the business wants to attract. The SWOT analysis describes the business (or business owner's) strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. The promotional plan is the framework for the business's promotional activities. The corporate philosophy is often documented and provides details about the business's core values and its mission.
SOURCE: EN:014
SOURCE: Day, L. (2017). How to do a market segment analysis. Retrieved June 7, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/market-segment-analysis-58771.html
27. A
Necessary skills and affordability. A business owner considers many factors when determining if s/he should hire an employee. An important consideration is the nature of the work that the owner needs to have done. For example, if the owner needs someone to pay bills and mail invoices, s/he would likely hire a person who has bookkeeping skills. The owner must also consider if s/he can afford to pay a full time or a part-time employee. Hiring a full time employee is more costly because the person works longer hours, which increases payroll expenses. Benefits are usually not offered to part-time employees, which makes part-time employees less costly to the business. Training needs are important but depend on the skills the owner needs for the business. Property taxes, the screening process, and attitude are not factors that small-business owners consider when deciding to hire additional employees.
SOURCE: EN:018
SOURCE: Vishnevsky, J. (2011, August 11). How to know when to hire additional staff. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/1279-how-to-know-when-to-hire.html
28. B
Licensed accountant. Outsourcing is acquiring assistance from individual consultants or outside organizations to obtain goods and services to perform primary business activities. Because business owners are rarely experts in every area of business, they often rely on outside experts to help them. And, because a licensed accountant is knowledgeable about tax laws and tax incentives, s/he is the appropriate person to prepare Connor's tax return. Although a probate attorney, a trusted colleague, and an insurance agent may have some knowledge about tax preparation, they probably do not have the expertise that a licensed accountant has.
SOURCE: EN:022
SOURCE: Patel, N. (2015, November 11). How to know when it's time to hire your first employee. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/251736
29. D
Comprehensive training. Productivity is the amount of work that employees (human resources) perform in a given period, such as their output per hour. Employees who conduct business activities quickly and accurately are most likely to meet product demand and make customers happy. And, satisfied customers are crucial to the success of a new business. One way to help maximize employee productivity is to provide employees with comprehensive training. Although equipment improvements and management changes can improve productivity, employees need to be trained to use the equipment, and new managers must be trained to perform their jobs. Challenging quotas do not always motivate employees to increase their productivity.
SOURCE: EN:030
SOURCE: Bennett, H. (2014, January 23). 5 simple ways to improve employee utilization and productivity. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from https://www.keyedin.com/keyedinprojects/article/5-simple-ways-to-improve-employeeutilization-and-productivity
30. B
Human. As a start-up business grows, a business often needs to obtain additional resources to maximize its growth and efficiency. A resource is any item or person needed to accomplish an objective. People are human resources. When a business needs certain skills to operate, it will hire a person who has the necessary knowledge or ability. Hiring employees is not an example of temporary, analytical, or intangible resources.
SOURCE: EN:032
SOURCE: Perez, D. (2017). Kinds of business consultants. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/kinds-business-consultants-21176.html
31. D
Technology. To reduce the risk of failure and to remain competitive in the marketplace, start-up venture owners should monitor changes that occur in the business environment. If the owner does not recognize the relevant changes and adapt to them, s/he may lose business to competitors. Today, most businesses rely on some form of technology to operate. And because technology is one area that is always evolving, business owners should continuously monitor technological changes and determine if adopting the new technology will increase their businesses' productivity. Whether a company continuously monitors international trends, manufacturing processes, and geography depends on the nature of the business.
SOURCE: EN:033
SOURCE: Vascellari, A. (2014, January). Environmental Scan: What? Why? How? Retrieved June 8, 2017, from http://www.andreavascellari.com/2014/01/environmental-scan/
32. D
Obtain a loan. Businesspeople prepare cash flow statements to estimate when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business during a certain period of time. The information in the cash flow statement can help the business plan and make decisions about its finances. If the cash flow statement indicates that the business will experience a short-term deficit, and it has assets that it can use for collateral, the business can often obtain a bank loan. If the business temporarily closes, it does not have cash coming in. Hiring additional salespeople might help increase cash flow in the long-term, but will not help the business cover expenses in the short-term. The business could sell assets, but a loan would be a better option because the business might be able to deduct the loan interest in terms of its tax obligation.
SOURCE: FI:092
SOURCE: Gilbertson, C.B., Lehman, M.W., & Passalacqua, D. (2012). Advanced century 21st accounting (9th ed.) [pp. 543-557]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
33. A
Capturing the business's day-to-day financial activities. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Managerial accounting primarily focuses on capturing, maintaining, and interpreting the business's accounting information for internal use and decision making. Managerial accounting often summarizes information about the business's day-to-day financial activities, such as sales transactions (accounts receivable) and the monies the business owes others (accounts payable). Financial accounting focuses on capturing, maintaining, preparing, and reporting financial information to external audiences. Examples of financial accounting activities include preparing tax data for the government and developing the annual report for the business's stakeholders. The annual report usually contains information about the business's long-term investment goals.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: University of North Florida. (2015, January 15). Introduction to managerial accounting. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from http://www.unf.edu/~dtanner/dtch/dt_ch1.htm
34. A
Wholesalers. Wholesalers buy goods from producers or agents and sell them to businesses for resale. Wholesalers often allow businesses to buy goods on credit and pay for them at a later date. The use of trade credit permits businesses to obtain the goods they need for resale without borrowing the money from a lending institution. Corporations are owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. Investors are those who invest their funds in a business. Financiers are individuals skilled in dealing with financial matters.
SOURCE: FI:023
SOURCE: Katz, J. & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [p. 156]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
35. D
$2,824.20. The discount rate is the processing fee that a business pays for being able to accept credit cards. It is the amount that is deducted from credit sales and paid to the bank. Businesses usually negotiate with banks to obtain the lowest discount rate possible in order to save money. To calculate the amount a business owes the bank, multiply total monthly sales by the discount rate ($78,450 X 3.6% or .036 =$2,824.20).
SOURCE: FI:040
SOURCE: Gilbertson, C.B., Lehman, M.W., & Passalacqua, D. (2012). Advanced century 21 accounting (9th ed.) [p. 281]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
36. B
$42,500. In some situations, a bank will loan only a percentage of the price of new equipment, and the business must obtain additional capital in order to make the purchase. In this case, first calculate the amount that the bank will loan ($250,000 X 75% or .75 = $187,500). The bank will loan $187,500, and the business has $20,000 in available cash to put towards the purchase. Add those figures and subtract the total from the purchase price to determine the amount of additional capital the business needs to obtain ($187,500 + $20,000 = $207,500; $250,000 - $207,500 = $42,500).
SOURCE: FI:043
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 478-485]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
37. D
State or local governments. State and local governments often have programs that offer low-interest loans for start-up businesses. Many of these loans are intended to encourage businesses to develop in economically depressed areas of the city or state. Other sources may include friends or relatives, private foundations offering program-related investments, credit unions featuring small-business lending, and universities with targeted research and development funds. Until the business develops a track record, commercial banks and traditional lenders are not the best sources of business credit. The stock market sells stock in well-established companies that are publicly owned.
SOURCE: FI:031
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 478-485]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
38. B
They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount. A downside of acquiring capital through debt financing is that the borrower must pay interest on the money borrowed. This means that John and Damien will end up owing more than the amount of money they initially borrowed. In equity financing, stocks are sold to shareholders and those shareholders own a stake in the company. Damien and John would not be required to repay the money immediately.
SOURCE: FI:340
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 483-495]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
39. B
31.02%. To calculate ROE, multiply the net profit margin (14.39%) by the asset turnover rate (1.0455) by the equity multiplier (2.0621) to obtain 31.02. ROE is an indicator of a company's profitability and potential growth. Businesses that have high ROE figures with little debt can grow without large outlays of capital. This enables business owners to have money to invest elsewhere. Revenue, net income, assets, and shareholders' equity are used to calculate net profit margin, asset turnover, and equity multipliers.
SOURCE: FI:097
SOURCE: Weygandt, J.J., Kimmel, P.D., & Kieso, D.E. (2012). Managerial accounting: Tools for business decision making. (pp. 659-670). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
40. A
Liquid. Current assets are considered to be liquid because they can be converted to cash in a short period of time (less than a year). Examples of current assets include cash and inventory on hand. Businesses should understand the concept of liquid assets when interpreting financial statements in order to determine the amount that can easily be converted to cash. Fixed assets are items the business expects to own for more than a year. Their value decreases over time, or depreciates. Both current and fixed assets are tangible items that can be seen and touched.
SOURCE: FI:102
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Current assets. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/currentassets.asp
41. D
Net sales. Vertical analysis is often used to show the relationship of each component to the total within a single financial statement. Net sales is the base amount used for vertical analysis of items on the income statement. Total assets are used for vertical analysis of asset amounts on the balance sheet. Total liabilities and equity are used for vertical analysis of liability or equity amounts on the balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:334
SOURCE: Crosson, S.V., & Needles, B.E. (2008). Managerial accounting: Instructor's copy (8th ed.) [p. 672]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
42. B
Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Three main elements are included on the balance sheet—assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Available cash is one part of the business's total assets. If the assets do not equal the liabilities when the liabilities are added to the owner's equity (Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity), information on the balance sheet is incorrect.
SOURCE: FI:335
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2017, March 17). What is the accounting formula? Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/the-accounting-equation-392966
43. A
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work that employees perform in a given period. Before a business decides to hire new employees, it must have the financial resources to pay the employee and it must have the need to increase its outputs. When a business expects higher sales, it needs to increase its outputs, and therefore, needs more inputs (e.g., personnel) to satisfy the higher product demand. When deciding to hire employees, a business does not first consider its secondary, uniform, or temporary needs.
SOURCE: HR:353
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 257261). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. D
Put the notice in writing. Putting the notice in writing provides documentation that the employee has been given notice if termination becomes necessary. The written notice serves as a warning and gives employees an opportunity to improve. Email notification would not provide a permanent written record and may violate confidentiality. Giving verbal notification only would not provide a record in case of termination. Posting the notice on the bulletin board would violate employee confidentiality.
SOURCE: HR:358
SOURCE: EEOC. (2017). Recordkeeping requirements. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/recordkeeping.cfm
45. D
Job applications. One type of personnel record that businesses usually keep on file is the job application. Businesses maintain the applications of current employees as well as new applicants who have applied for advertised positions. Many businesses keep new applications on file for a certain period of time, such as six months or one year, in order to access those records in the event that another position becomes available. Then, the business can contact former applicants who are qualified and have expressed an interest in working for the business. Safety regulations and office newsletters are not personnel records, although businesses usually keep copies of them. Payroll stubs are attached to employees' paychecks and are meant to be receipts for the employees.
SOURCE: HR:359
SOURCE: SHRM. (2014, July 14). Recordkeeping policy: Record maintenance, retention and destruction. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/toolsand-samples/policies/pages/cms_017186.aspx
46. D
Structure. Managers who supervise staff are overseeing and directing the activities of employees. By guiding and directing activities, managers are providing employees with the structure they need to be able to perform effectively on the job. They make sure the work is done by giving employees a structured environment that may include specific rules to follow, and clearly-defined job responsibilities. Managers do not necessarily provide privacy. The business provides compensation. Employees shadow managers at work, not vice versa.
SOURCE: HR:393
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 257261). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. D
Charges of favoritism can be prevented. Consistent discipline ensures that employees who need discipline receive it, that the same discipline is applied to the same offense each time, and that it is meted out in the same manner to all employees. By following this guideline, supervisors can avoid charges of favoritism. Discipline is no longer thought to cause individuals great psychological damage. By being aware of company rules and policies, employees know what behavior is likely to result in discipline. Taking remedial action does not guarantee that further problems with the employee can be avoided.
SOURCE: HR:369
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012) Marketing essentials 2012 (p. 264). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. A
To develop new products. Businesses often use marketing information to analyze what customers want and need in order to develop new products. Many businesses maintain internal records that indicate the types of products that currently are selling well and to which customers are attracted. Businesses can use this information to develop similar products that will appeal to specific markets. In order to use marketing information, businesses often need to calculate statistics and interpret findings. Businesses do not use marketing information to identify new vendors, although vendors are often a source of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 656660). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
To develop a profile of the typical customer. Demographic data are often gathered through marketing research. The business can use such data to develop a profile of the typical customer. The business cannot create a mailing list from these data since names and addresses are not included in the data. The data also would not help the business to identify internal problems or set up an operating budget.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
50. B
Fixing mistakes consistently and quickly. Customers who are pleased with the way the business handles problems are likely to recommend the business to others, which results in a favorable reputation for the business. On the other hand, a business that fails to apologize and fix mistakes is unlikely to keep customers. As a result, customers tell others about their negative experiences with the business, which can damage the business's reputation. The delivery of unpredictable product quality, the use of highpressure sales techniques, and the use of minimal touch points to connect with customers are actions that are more likely to damage the business's reputation than safeguard it.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: LAP-MK-003—Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
51. C
Marketing strategies can be changed as needed. Marketing strategies are plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. There is no formula for selecting the best strategies. Strategies that are appropriate for an organization at one point in time may be totally inappropriate for the company at another time. Therefore, marketers need to review their marketing strategies on an ongoing basis and change them as needed. Marketing strategies vary from company to company and industry to industry.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. A
Market. A market consists of customers or potential customers who have unfulfilled desires and are financially able and willing to satisfy those desires. An economic system is the organized way in which a nation handles its economic decisions and solves its economic problems. A corporate chain consists of a number of similar stores owned and managed by a corporate organization. A cooperative is a business that is owned and operated by its customers.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. B
Customer profile. Customer profiles are used by companies to create a clear picture of their target market for use in decision making. A customer profile contains a variety of information about customers, such as age, income level, ethnic background, occupation, etc. This type of record is not known as a preference list, a demographic breakdown, or a consumer composite.
SOURCE: MP:005
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 824825). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. D
Measurable and achievable. A marketing objective is a specific goal or desired outcome for a specific marketing activity. Businesses set many types of marketing objectives including sales, advertising, pricing, product development, etc. After setting its marketing objectives, a business uses them to measure the success or performance of its marketing activities. To be able to determine the success of marketing activities, the business should set specific, measurable objectives that are tied to a time frame, such as increasing sales of product X by 20 percent in the next three months. The marketing objectives should be compatible with the company's overall goals, and they should be challenging but achievable and flexible. The business sets both qualitative (opinion- or experience-based) and quantitative (numerical-based) objectives. Objectives do not need to be costly to be effective.
SOURCE: MP:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (p. 37). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. D
Online tracking devices. Development and widespread use of the computer software, hardware, and the Internet has made it possible for companies to track hits, purchases, and information gathered or requested by consumers. This provides information to understand and develop profiles of consumers. The profiles are used to develop and assess marketing and advertising objectives. The reason this method is controversial is because many feel that the process invades the privacy of the consumer. Consumer questionnaires and phone surveys are ways to collect data, but are not necessarily considered controversial. Indirect response techniques are not terms used in data collection for profiling use.
SOURCE: MP:031
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (p. 20). Columbus: OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Quantifying strategies. Quantifying strategies are methods of determining or measuring amounts or quantities. When linking performance measures to the financial outcomes of marketing, businesses need ways to find out if sufficient quantities, whether in money or volume, were achieved to make the marketing effort worthwhile. For example, one strategy might involve calculating if increasing price by a certain percent resulted in the planned increase in sales revenue. If increasing price had a negative effect on sales, the money spent was not worth the return on investment. Businesses do not develop operational tactics, positioning procedures, or bookkeeping methods to link performance measures to the financial outcomes of marketing.
SOURCE: MP:020
SOURCE: Lake, L. (2016, December 19). How to measure your marketing efforts. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-measure-your-marketing-efforts-2295830
57. A
Financial outcomes. Although marketing costs money, there are financial benefits associated with implementing marketing activities. To justify spending money on marketing activities, it is important to translate performance measures for those activities into financial outcomes. Translating performance measures of marketing activities into financial outcomes puts a dollar figure on the result of the marketing activity, which will make it easier for management to understand the value of spending money on marketing. For example, if a marketing activity costs $5,000 to implement but generates $25,000 in additional sales, the expense is justified. Marketers do not translate the performance measures of marketing activities into operating budgets, sales forecasts, or variable expenses.
SOURCE: MP:021
SOURCE: Beattie, A. (2015, May 30). How to calculate ROI of a marketing campaign. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/053015/howcalculate-roi-marketing-campaign.asp
58. D
Discover relationships. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases for patterns of information and correlations or relationships among information. Businesses use the information they obtain from data mining to make different types of business decisions. For example, a business might want to increase its sales. The business might use data-mining techniques to determine and analyze which customers possess the highest buying potential. The primary purpose of data mining is not to stabilize sales, develop services, or summarize ideas.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Boone, G., & Kurtz, D.L. (2013). Contemporary marketing 2013. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. D
Developing tour products specifically designed to appeal to retirees. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics (e.g., age, gender, education) of a population or market segment. Businesses consider demographic trends because changes in the population have an effect on the existing and potential products they market. Because trends indicate that a large segment of the population is aging and reaching retirement, hospitality/tourism businesses are developing products to attract retirees who are no longer in the workforce and have more time to travel. Tour products designed for retirees would not likely appeal to recent college graduates, families with young children, or business travelers.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Feigenbaum, E. (2016). Definition of business trends. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/definition-business-trends-3399.html
60. B
Internal records. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Businesses monitor their activities on an internal basis. Trade publications, industry trends, and government statistics are examples of external data.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Power Home Biz. (2013, February 20). Good record keeping for your small business. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from https://www.powerhomebiz.com/financing-abusiness/accounting/good-record-keeping-for-your-small-business.htm
61. B
Variance. Variance is a measure of how data points differ from the mean. Its calculation will help you to show others how dispersed the data were from the mean of 7. The mean of a set of numbers is also called the average. A geometric mean is used in business to show average rates of growth. This, too, would be a measure of central tendency.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2014). What is variance. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/v/variance.asp
62. C
Logistics. Logistics refers to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. This includes all of the people, information, and processes involved in storing and transporting goods. Operations managers must decide where and how to store goods as well as how and when to transport them to customers. Scheduling is an operations activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. It controls the flow of the entire production process. In quality inspection, products are checked for defects after they've already been produced. The goal of quality assurance is to prevent defective products from being created in the first place.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
63. C
Trade secrets. A trade secret is undisclosed information within a particular business or industry. Since a trade secret is information, it is a type of intangible property. Businesses often establish policies to protect trade secrets because the use of those secrets sets the businesses apart from competitors. For example, a secret ingredient is a trade secret. Production systems usually are made up of tangible items such as equipment. Inventory methods and delivery routes are not types of intangible property that businesses establish policies to protect.
SOURCE: OP:155
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 596-603]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
64. C
Business use. Doormats, carpeting, telephones, and cleaning chemicals are all items that an office might buy for its own use, rather than for resale or transformation. These items would not be purchased for production, negotiations, or competitive bidding.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
65. A
Identify the most capable suppliers. During the process of evaluating vendor performance, businesses are able to weed out those vendors that do not perform as promised. As a result, they are able to narrow their vendor list to include only those suppliers that are the most capable. The benefit is that businesses will know which vendors are most likely to perform well, even though this might mean buying from only a few suppliers. Businesses establish product specifications before contacting vendors. Businesses do not evaluate vendor performance to negotiate future discounts or to organize the receiving areas.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Sageworks. (2011, July 11). Four steps to evaluating suppliers before signing a contract. Retrieved on June 8, 2017, from https://www.sageworks.com/blog/post/2011/07/11/FourSteps-to-Evaluating-Suppliers-Before-Signing-a-Contract.aspx
66. B
Update the product. A company's products may need to be updated or changed in order to compete effectively with similar products produced by other companies. Planning to update a product is part of a business's production process. Updating a product is less expensive than designing a new product. A popcorn company may decide to update its popcorn products by adding vitamins or flavorings rather than spending a lot of money designing completely new products. A business would not produce more popcorn unless there was an increase in demand. Changing production methods is expensive and would not necessarily make a business more competitive.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
67. D
Remain competitive. Business today is highly competitive, and one way for a business to compete successfully is to maintain quality throughout the organization. Businesses try to provide quality products that meet customers' needs. If all other factors are the same, quality is often what makes customers select one business over another. Businesses may implement change to improve quality. Allocating resources and delegating authority are not reasons why management focuses on improving quality throughout the organization.
SOURCE: OP:020
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed) [pp. 185188]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. C
Variable. Operating costs that fluctuate with changes in production are called variable expenses. When production goes up, variable expenses go up. When production goes down, variable expenses go down. Fixed expenses do not increase or decrease with changes in production. Capital expenses are one-time purchases a business makes, such as land or equipment. Total expenses are the sum of the operating and direct expenses it costs to make a product.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
69. D
Lease equipment. There are many ways that businesses can control their operating expenses. One of these is to lease equipment rather than buy it. Businesses often are able to lease equipment and pay for it on a monthly basis over a period of time, which saves paying the purchase price in one lump sum. Also, leased equipment can be returned at the end of the lease agreement and replaced with new equipment, which often saves the business repair expenses. Sometimes, businesses need specialized equipment for a certain project, and it is more economical to lease it for a short time than to buy equipment that will not be needed again. Buying in small quantities is often more costly than buying in large quantities. Obtaining credit does not control expenses because a business must repay the loan with interest. Organizing inventory space does not necessarily help to control operating expenses.
SOURCE: OP:029
SOURCE: Miksen, C. (2017). How to cut operational expenses to increase profit margins. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/cut-operational-expenses-increase-profitmargins-26219.html
70. C
Money. Supply chain management deals with material flow, information flow, and money flow. Information flows from the customer to the supplier. Material flow typically moves from the supplier to the customer. Money flows from the customer to the supplier.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: TPSynergy.com. (2014, June 25). Flows in supply chain management. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://tpsynergy.com/blogs/flows-in-supply-chain-management/
71. A
Distribution. The function of business that involves the moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services is distribution. Companies should continuously analyze the areas of distribution (i.e., ordering, receiving, storing, and shipping) to ensure that each area is performing in the most efficient, and cost efficient, manner. Companies often analyze transportation services to compare rates and services. If a company finds that one company provides equal or better transportation services for less money, it might consider changing transportation vendors. Product management is a marketing function. Financial resources are sources of money such as sales income, investments, and loans. Production is the process of producing goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 454, 465). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. B
Consulted. ARCI stands for accountable (who is in charge of the process), responsible (who will carry out specific tasks), consulted (roles that need to be consulted before an action), and informed (who needs to be kept in the picture).
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Cunningham, W. (2010). Process thinking. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://wcunning.com/DMM/Concepts/Process.html
73. B
Human. Business process design is influenced by human factors, such as stress and fatigue. A business process may not work if it causes stress to employees, or if they are too fatigued to complete their work properly. These are not examples of technological, regulatory, or government factors.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (1999-2015). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
74. D
Put company data at risk by using unsecured Wi-Fi networks. Many employees work outside of the office or access their work email from mobile devices. While these employees do not usually knowingly put company data at risk by sharing it with others, they often connect via unsecured Wi-Fi networks. This can allow company data to get into the wrong hands and put the company at risk. Employees will not often get viruses on their mobile devices by using them outside of the office.
SOURCE: OP:473
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2015, October 5). Small and midsized businesses learn to protect their digital assets during National Cyber Security Awareness Month. Retrieved June 13, 2017, from https://www.staysafeonline.org/about-us/news/small-and-midsizedbusinesses-learn-to-protect-their-digital-assets-during-national-cyber-security-awarenessmonth
75. D
Loss of jobs. Innovation can certainly lead to the creation of jobs, but on the flipside, it can also lead to job loss. Innovative automation equipment can manufacture goods quickly and efficiently. This can make a company more productive and profitable, but it also eliminates the need for some jobs. An economic downturn is not a common risk of innovation—in fact, innovation is good for the economy. Paradigm innovation occurs when there is a significant change or shift in thinking. Competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors. Competitive advantage is a reason why innovation is important, not one of the reasons why it's a risk.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-018—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
76. D
Routine. Routine decisions are easy to make. They are made quickly and don't require a lot of thought or planning. Routine decisions, such as buying a bouquet of flowers, are based on personal feelings or are reactions to certain occurrences. Buying flowers is not a major, important, or urgent decision.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: LAP-PD-010—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
77. D
Mitigate risk and avoid problems. Corporate governance is intended to help a company mitigate risk and avoid problems. It's meant to increase accountability. A marketing department would be in charge of promoting the company. Lawyers would be in charge of defending a company in court.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Sun, L. (2015). Why is corporate governance important? Retrieved June 13, 2017, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/article/618/why-is-corporate-governance-important/
78. D
Stockholders. Stockholders are the owners of a corporation. Therefore, their interests are an important factor in corporate governance. Managers, the president, and lower level employees are not considered the owners of a corporation.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Everard, K.E. (2008). Business principles and management (12th ed.) [pp. 137-139]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
79. D
Adjust prices. Because pricing is a tug-of-war, businesses will need to be willing to adjust their prices. These adjustments can be increases or decreases, depending on the circumstances faced by the business. For example, when economic conditions are good, businesses might increase prices because customers are more willing to spend. Businesses are not always able to reduce expenses because many expenses are fixed. The goal of business is to increase sales, but that often depends on the state of the economy, which is beyond the control of the business. Not all businesses offer discounts, which are reductions from the price of goods.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
80. A
Talking with customers and employees. A product opportunity is a situation in which a business acts on the chance to provide a good or service to a market segment that wants and is willing to pay for the product. Businesses must develop processes for recognizing product opportunities so that they can continue to compete in the marketplace. By talking with customers and the employees who are in contact with customers, a business can get ideas about what customers want. Then, the business can analyze the feedback to develop new products to meet the customers' needs. Reviewing sales forecasts, analyzing corporate objectives, and adding items to the product mix do not help businesses recognize product opportunities.
SOURCE: PM:136
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing 2013 (pp. 396-398). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
81. A
Items. Product items are the individual goods, services, or ideas that a business offers for sale. A product line is a group of related product items. Product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Product recalls remove defective or hazardous products from the marketplace.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
82. D
Financial, human. A business must consider many factors when determining which services it should provide to customers. A primary consideration involves determining if the business has the resources to provide the service. It must have the financial resources (money) to provide the service and make a profit. It must also have human resources—employees with skills—to carry out the service. Environmental resources refer to natural resources such as coal, water, etc. Businesses do not always require environmental resources to offer services. If a resource is not important, then the business would not consider it when determining which services to provide to customers.
SOURCE: PM:036
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 287-290]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
83. A
Higher than customer expectations. By providing high quality service, businesses often are able to set themselves apart from competitors and be more appealing to customers. However, to do this, businesses need to identify their service standards to make sure that they are higher than customer expectations. By doing more than customers expect, businesses will attract and keep loyal customers. For example, if the standard for delivery is five days, but the business delivers in three days, the business will have exceeded customer expectations. Service standards are not necessarily easy to achieve, and businesses often work very hard to provide quality service. It is not important for service standards to be described in the operating manual or printed on all invoices.
SOURCE: PM:273
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 289-290]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
84. B
Sales volume. To survive in today's competitive marketplace, a business must make a profit. By providing good customer service, the business builds ongoing customer relationships. These relationships lead to repeat business, which increases sales volume. Employee responsibility and the number of salespeople may not increase, as the service offered may attract only a limited number of customers who purchase a lot of products or high-priced products. Increased use of facilities may result from customer services but would not be a primary reason.
SOURCE: PM:013
SOURCE: LAP-PM-001—Customer Service Supersized (The Role of Customer Service in Positioning/Image)
85. D
Take legal action to protect the brand. Brand recognition is one of a product's greatest assets. Businesses value a successful brand and do everything in their power to protect it. If a competitor uses a similar brand mark and brand name, a business might take legal action to force the competitor to stop using the similar mark and name. A business would not take the competitor's actions as a compliment. A business would probably make some changes in its marketing strategy while taking legal action against the competitor. A business would not assume that its brand recognition will continue if a competitor is using a similar brand mark and brand name.
SOURCE: PM:126
SOURCE: LAP-PM-010—Build Your Corporate Brand... (The How-To's of Corporate Branding)
86. D
Promotion. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas. It is used by businesses to inform consumers about products and to persuade them to buy. Distribution is the marketing function that is responsible for moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Purchasing is a business activity which involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of a business or for resale. Financing is a business activity which involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
87. D
Hot-air balloon. Transit media is a form of out-of-home advertising that businesses place in various modes and locations of mass transportation. An example of transit advertising is a hot-air balloon with a company's logo that flies over a city. Radio is a form of broadcast media that uses electronic waves to reach consumers. Opt-in email is a direct-marketing media that communicates messages through the Internet.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
88. B
The message appeals to a small audience interested in a specific product. The use of email allows a business to target small audiences spread over a vast geographic area. Email, however, can be ignored as easily as other advertising messages. Most email advertising does not deal specifically with computerrelated products. Message length is irrelevant.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 396397). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. C
Rebate. Sales-promotion techniques are activities other than advertising, selling, and personal selling that stimulate customer purchases. A rebate is a sales-promotion technique in which a business (manufacturer) returns part of the price that a customer (Ben) pays for a good (cell phone) or service. Rebates stimulate sales because customers want to receive money back for their purchases. Couponing involves the use of printed certificates that entitle the holder to a reduced purchase price. Coupons are generally processed at the point of sale. Sweepstakes involve a game of chance in which a customer wins a prize. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A warranty is a benefit of purchase rather than a sales-promotion technique.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 372, 555). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. A
Consumer pressure. Consumer pressure is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world. Customers demand quality, and if a company doesn't provide it, they'll take their business elsewhere. Various consumer groups also keep the pressure on companies to make quality a top priority. Weather patterns, outdated technology, and currency fluctuations are not factors keeping quality as a main concern for today's businesses.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
91. D
Most risks are predictable and manageable. Enterprise risk management is important and helpful because most business risks are predictable and manageable. If a company can plan for risks, it can minimize its losses. Although some risks are surprises, most of them are not. Not managing risks can cause loss of shareholder value. ERM should reduce business costs in the long run by helping a business avoid or manage risks that could lose money.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kaplan, R., & Mikes, A. (2012, June). Managing risks: a new framework. Retrieved June 8, 2017, from https://hbr.org/2012/06/managing-risks-a-new-framework
92. B
A risk assessment. A risk assessment is a process used by businesses to identify potential hazards that could threaten the company's livelihood. Managerial accounting is the process of analyzing and interpreting financial data to help a company achieve its goals. A financial calculation is any calculation involving financial information. Eddie is not conducting managerial accounting or financial calculations in this example. Even though Eddie is an entrepreneur, he is specifically conducting a risk assessment in this example.
SOURCE: RM:094
SOURCE: Department of Homeland Security. (2017). Risk assessment. Retrieved June 7, 2017, from https://www.ready.gov/risk-assessment
93. D
Influence. The salesperson's role is to guide customers in making effective buying decisions that will lead to customer satisfaction. Salespeople do not determine what the customer will buy—the customer does. A salesperson should never try to compel a customer to purchase a product. Customers personalize their own purchase decisions by basing those decisions on their own personal needs and desires.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
94. D
Supervisory. Supervisory, or first level, management is made up of the supervisors who work directly with the employees carrying out the directions of top and mid-level management. Middle, or mid-level, management is the link between top and first-line management that would determine what needed to be done in order to enter the new market. Executive, or top-level, management is responsible for strategic planning, including making the decisions about entering a new market.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. B
Estimate financial needs. Before starting a new business, owners develop a business plan in order to establish objectives, outline the steps to take to achieve the objectives, and estimate financial needs. Estimating financial needs is extremely important because the owners need to know how much money it will take to operate the new business until it begins to generate a profit. If the owners do not have sufficient funds or cannot obtain those funds, it may not be feasible to start the business. Owners do not develop a business plan to organize production processes, identify qualified workers, or prepare operating manuals.
SOURCE: SM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 819835). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. D
Proactively. Rather than waiting for viruses and spyware to cause significant damage to his business's computer network, Chuck built a firewall to protect the network from malicious software and worms. Chuck did not act reactively, haphazardly, or carelessly. A reactive individual waits until there is a problem or change before taking action. Someone who acts haphazardly does things at random and without much reason. Someone who acts carelessly is sloppy and imprecise in his/her actions.
SOURCE: SM:011
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 30-32]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
97. C
Dashboard. Dashboards are technology applications that allow management to view and evaluate a process or activity as it occurs. In the example, managers can view the number of callers waiting in queue for service at a given time. If the calls in queue increase, management may take steps to relieve the wait by having additional employees take calls. Dashboards may be used to forecast or predict future needs. By monitoring and analyzing dashboards, businesses can detect changes or patterns in activity, and use the information to make appropriate adjustments. If dashboards indicate a higher volume of calls between 7 p.m. - 9 p.m. on Tuesdays, the business can take steps to add staff, so customers' wait time is decreased. In the situation described, the business is not using a projectory or capillary.
SOURCE: SM:027
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [pp. 369374]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. B
Realistic. A business plan should be clear, concise, focused, realistic, and accurate with a logical structure and flow. Each section should begin with a short summary. The executive summary should be interesting and intriguing. The goods and services should be explained simply. The marketing analysis should include only pertinent information. The financial plan should be simple. And you should plan ahead for tracking, follow-up, reviews, updates, and corrections. A successful business plan should not be as long as possible, idealistic, or complicated.
SOURCE: SM:013
SOURCE: LAP-SM-013—Plan for Success (Creating a Business Plan)
99. B
Accept change. Innovation is the process of creating new or more effective products, processes, services, technologies, or ideas. Creating something new requires change. When a business encourages its employees to learn about new processes, customer wants, market needs, and trends, innovation is more likely to occur. Exhibiting bias and suppressing ideas may have a negative effect on innovation. Following certain types of business procedures is important for creating a safe and fair work environment and does not necessarily affect innovative processes.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Free Management Library. (n.d.). Cultivating innovation in the workplace. Retrieved June 12, 2017, from http://managementhelp.org/innovation/
100. B
Change. Change management is a set of strategies designed to ensure that changes in an organization are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. By helping the accounting staff make the transition to a new software, Antonio is engaging in change management. He is not performing human resource management, operations management, or supply chain management.
SOURCE: SM:095
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2016). Change management. Retrieved June 12, 2017, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm