Test 1167
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. A business that fails to protect its employees from unnecessary risk or health hazards on the job may be sued for
A. libel.
B. misrepresentation.
C. negligence.
D. incompetence.
2. What requirement of a legally enforceable contract requires that both of the parties who are entering into the contract are sane, sober, and of legal age?
A. Genuineness of assent
B. Consideration
C. Capacity
D. Legality of purpose
3. The owner receives all of the profits of the business and can act quickly in making business decisions when the form of business ownership is a
A. corporation.
B. partnership.
C. joint venture.
D. sole proprietorship.
4. Which of the following is the type of tax that businesses are required to collect from customers when they purchase certain goods or services:
A. Estate
B. Income
C. Sales
D. Corporate
5. Which of the following is a condition that must exist for channels to be effective:
A. Channel members must not share tasks.
B. They must have at least five members.
C. Channel members must have varying goals.
D. They must be properly managed.
6. Which of the following is a marketing function that can be performed by channel intermediaries:
A. Promoting products
B. Monitoring union activities
C. Training employees
D. Recruiting workers
7. A manufacturer of dishwashing soap has just invented a new type of soap that cleans better. The manufacturer should choose to distribute the soap through __________ distribution.
A. intensive
B. exclusive
C. inclusive
D. selective
8. What type of information does a well-written proposal include?
A. Vague goals
B. Specific benefits
C. Previous trends
D. Contingency data
9. There are several auto repair shops in town, but Patricia's stands out. Her auto repair shop does great work, but what really sets her shop apart is the customer service. Every customer is greeted by a friendly employee, and s/he is given snacks and drinks while s/he waits for the repairs to be completed. The great customer service that people can expect from Patricia's business is considered her
A. vision.
B. tagline.
C. brand promise.
D. mission statement.
10. Financial loss from investing time and money to comply with accounting standards is an example of which strategic risk:
A. Changing customer needs
B. Reputation damage
C. Regulatory and political issues
D. Obsolescence
11. The government's mandating the use of unleaded gas in new cars is an example of
A. protecting specific businesses.
B. protecting the environment.
C. stabilizing the economy.
D. providing public goods.
12. What type of business usually experiences economies of scale due to expanded operations?
A. Large manufacturing plant
B. Monopoly
C. Individual financial planner
D. Small local retailer
13. Businesspeople who respect the unique customs and habits of their foreign customers are exhibiting
A. communication skills.
B. stereotypical behavior.
C. cultural sensitivity.
D. language differences.
14. "Yes, you'll save money instantly" is an example of a statement with
A. threatening language.
B. an impersonal message.
C. persuasive words.
D. body language.
15. Which of the following is a characteristic of a self-confident leader:
A. S/He has the ability to share a vision.
B. S/He is truly invested in the work team.
C. S/He is decisive, even in uncertain circumstances.
D. S/He demonstrates empathy.
16. Why is it important for team members to feel a sense of "ownership" and engagement in the vision?
A. It's the only way they will become committed to it.
B. Leaders cannot force compliance from them.
C. They cannot be creative otherwise.
D. They are responsible for determining the vision.
17. Which of the following statements is true regarding stakeholder expectations:
A. Each group of stakeholders has different needs and expectations.
B. Stakeholder expectations are always financially driven.
C. All stakeholders want to exert authority over employees.
D. Stakeholder expectations always come second to customer needs.
18. Julio is starting a new business, and he has formed relationships with several successful local business owners. Which of the following is the best way to leverage these relationships to help his own business succeed:
A. Gaining inside marketing information
B. Persistently asking those business owners to invest in his company
C. Attending trade shows and conferences to make new connections
D. Sharing those businesses' content on social media
19. Hazel started her own childcare network where she connects families to available babysitters at her school. Hazel could be described as a(n)
A. direct salesperson.
B. franchiser.
C. wholesaler.
D. entrepreneur.
20. An entrepreneurial business owner must
A. dislike business planning.
B. be independently wealthy.
C. desire regular 40-hour work weeks.
D. have an adventurous spirit.
21. What is one reason that it is easier than ever for small businesses to engage in international trade?
A. Decreasing international middle class
B. Technological advances
C. Language barriers
D. Increased regulation
22. Which of the following is a global trend that might encourage an entrepreneur to consider international business opportunities:
A. Higher allowances
B. Lower tariffs
C. Enforceable trade agreements
D. Flexible currency rates
23. Mara is facilitating a group brainstorming session to generate new product ideas for the company. Which of the following attitudes is important for Mara to demonstrate?
A. Judgmental
B. Neutral
C. Passive
D. Authoritarian
24. Landon wants to start a home-based T-shirt printing business. Which of the following are the most critical equipment and supplies that Landon will need to get his business up and running?
A. T-shirts, thread, and display cases
B. Printing machine, display cases, and T-shirts
C. Artwork, T-shirts, and thread
D. T-shirts, printing machine, and artwork
25. A small-business owner might register for trademark protection for the company's
A. computer software.
B. invention.
C. trade secret.
D. logo.
26. Evan does not want the legal obligation of repaying a loan and is willing to share profits with others. Which of the following options is Evan most likely to select to fund a new venture:
A. Private equity
B. Collateral savings
C. Trade credit
D. Community bank
27. What is a primary factor that small-business owners should consider when deciding to hire additional staff members?
A. Interview techniques
B. Payroll expenses
C. Training methods
D. Product standards
28. Al is thinking about moving his company's headquarters to another city, which would be expensive but closer to the raw materials needed for manufacturing. The benefit in moving is
A. demand.
B. proximity.
C. feasibility.
D. independence.
29. All of a firm's activities and how they function in relation to one another are known as
A. business operations.
B. efficiency standards.
C. communication goals.
D. desired outputs.
30. Because the MBC Company has one location that services the eastern part of the country and another location that services the western part of the country, the company's work flow is organized by
A. relationship.
B. work teams.
C. authority.
D. territory.
31. Looking at problems from various points of view helps a small-business owner develop
A. practical arguments.
B. creative solutions.
C. unnecessary conflicts.
D. unpredictable results.
32. Ellen wants to step back from the day-to-day activities of running her company. She decides to take the company to another level by selling public stock. One way Ellen can stay involved in the company is by
A. arranging a tactical acquisition.
B. appointing a family member as president.
C. serving on the board of directors.
D. hiring her successor.
33. Which of the following categories of information are found on a balance sheet:
A. Income, expenditures, profit
B. Assets, liabilities, owner's equity
C. Assets, liabilities, margin
D. Revenues, expenses, profit
34. The balance sheet has a close relationship with the company's
A. mortgage.
B. income statement.
C. fair market value.
D. statement of financial position.
35. Which of the following phrases effectively describes a business's income statement:
A. Income preview
B. Budget estimate
C. Cash-flow report
D. Financial picture
36. Managerial accounting differs from financial accounting because managerial accounting
A. helps people within a business rather than outside of the organization.
B. does not focus on planning and budgeting.
C. is governed by federal regulation.
D. has less impact on decision-making.
37. One reason why banks might be reluctant to lend money to a start-up business is because the business
A. has a solid business plan.
B. will not have collateral.
C. has no record of repaying loans.
D. must incorporate first.
38. When a business has been running successfully for several years, what would be a probable next financial step?
A. Purchasing a second location
B. Acquiring start-up funds
C. Deciding on financial goals
D. Determining product prices
39. Marginal analysis is a cost/benefit decision process that seeks to determine
A. the best qualities to look for in potential employees.
B. how a manager can cut costs.
C. the likely returns on a new investment.
D. profit-maximizing quantity of output.
40. What sales forecasting technique creates accurate forecasts for individual products?
A. Sales force composite
B. Delphi
C. Survey of buyer intentions
D. Jury of executive opinion
41. An example of an operating expense that is included in a business's income statement is
A. inventory.
B. purchases.
C. commissions.
D. allowances.
42. Which of the following financial analysis methods is used to show the relationship of each component to the total within a single financial statement:
A. Fundamental analysis
B. Horizontal analysis
C. Industry analysis
D. Vertical analysis
43. What staffing activity involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential job candidates?
A. Training
B. Recruiting
C. On-boarding
D. Interviewing
44. To screen job applications and employment résumés, a business might use computer software that conducts text searches to scan for
A. typographical errors.
B. salary requirements.
C. numerical ratings.
D. key words.
45. Which of the following is a benefit of hiring the right employee for a job:
A. Increased employee turnover
B. Increased risk of poor job performance
C. Decreased employee morale
D. Decreased cost of selection
46. One of the advantages to businesses of training staff is that it tends to increase
A. employee satisfaction.
B. operating expense.
C. compensation.
D. feedback.
47. Which of the following is an example of an employee complaint that is related to a coworker:
A. Sam complains to his production manager that the new materials are jamming the equipment.
B. Kelly advises Joe that a flaw in the computer system is creating inefficiencies in her department.
C. Ann tells her boss that Brad talks loudly on the phone and distracts her ability to focus on work.
D. Mario confides in Paige that he disagrees with the wage freeze that the company has instituted.
48. XYZ Company is interested in developing, producing, and selling a new product. Before it does so, the company spends six months conducting marketing research. What are the primary advantages of this course of action?
A. To delay the production process and increase labor costs
B. To increase costs and determine consumer dislikes
C. To predict trends and provide information to customers
D. To determine customer preferences and minimize losses
49. Which of the following is essential to all marketing research:
A. Frequency
B. Primary data
C. Accuracy
D. Secondary data
50. The marketing function that helps marketers make decisions about what and to whom to sell is
A. marketing-information management.
B. product/service management.
C. transportation.
D. promotion.
51. A neighborhood grocery store has added a bakery. What element of marketing should the store use to attract customers from surrounding areas?
A. Product
B. Price
C. Place
D. Promotion
52. In order for a market to exist, consumers must have an unfulfilled desire for a product and
A. know who makes the product.
B. know where the product is sold.
C. have financial resources.
D. have a specific brand preference.
53. An important criterion to consider when identifying market segments is the __________ of the market.
A. age
B. size
C. gender
D. occupation
54. What is a potential weakness a manager might identify in a SWOT analysis?
A. High-quality products
B. Lack of management depth
C. Competitors failing
D. Low-cost foreign competition
55. As part of their marketing plans, what do businesses develop first that are intended to lead to increased sales and revenue?
A. Objectives
B. Strategies
C. Tactics
D. Activities
56. Which of the following is a specification that a business might establish for selecting spreadsheet software programs:
A. Electronically communicate data
B. Graphically display financial information
C. Regularly organize customer information
D. Digitally produce marketing data
57. How long are businesses required to keep their records?
A. On a seasonal basis
B. Varies greatly
C. Indefinitely
D. One year
58. Businesses often conduct environmental scans to determine if they should
A. make staffing adjustments.
B. expand into other markets.
C. follow government regulations.
D. improve their computer systems.
59. What is a benefit to a tour operator who makes business decisions by analyzing statistical information?
A. Improved performance
B. Lower demand
C. Increased competition
D. Lower outputs
60. Because operations managers control so much of a business's money, they must focus on
A. keeping costs low.
B. hiring the best employees.
C. creating effective advertising campaigns.
D. generating publicity.
61. Obtaining goods that will satisfy the needs and wants of a business's customers is a function of
A. advertising.
B. selling.
C. marketing.
D. purchasing.
62. Why is it important for businesses to have efficient production?
A. To be competitive
B. To remain flexible
C. To pay employees
D. To buy resources
63. What do managers need to do to develop and maintain the level of quality that customers expect?
A. Obtain industry information
B. Monitor all aspects of the business
C. Consider the type of competition
D. Prepare an operating budget
64. Expenses such as payroll and rent that are necessary to the running of a business are called __________ expenses.
A. operating
B. fixed
C. variable
D. liability
65. A business negotiates a two-year lease on 2,250 square feet of space for $2.60 per square foot with an option on a third year at a 5% increase in rent. What will the monthly rent be if the business extends the lease for a third year?
A. $6,265.50
B. $5,976.00
C. $5,850.00
D. $6,142.50
66. Most company budgets are based on
A. net profit.
B. expenses.
C. sales.
D. gross profit.
67. Which of the following situations would supply chain managers encounter during the final stage of supply chain management:
A. A customer returns a defective product.
B. The company finds reliable suppliers.
C. The business plans to deliver goods to customers.
D. Managers develop a supply chain strategy.
68. What is Claire doing when she reviews a report that compares the purchase transactions of the company's four largest customers?
A. Conducting a sales analysis
B. Preparing a purchasing forecast
C. Organizing an inventory report
D. Analyzing service performance
69. Business process thinking is meant to help companies
A. achieve goals and serve customers.
B. hire employees and fill roles.
C. process payroll and compensate employees.
D. enforce safety standards.
70. When bottlenecks in business processes develop that cause a company to miss deadlines and waste resources, an effective manager would most likely choose to
A. invest in quality control.
B. redesign the business processes.
C. implement an employee incentive program.
D. speed up production.
71. One of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its business processes is
A. desire for growth.
B. competition.
C. low employee morale.
D. high operating costs.
72. Sandra is a manager at a distribution plant. Lately, her customers have been complaining about timely deliveries. Which area of the business does Sandra need to focus on to ensure on-time delivery?
A. The sales force
B. Inventory control
C. Supply chain management
D. Production
73. Which step of the decision-making model involves identifying what you want to do?
A. Gathering the information you need
B. Establishing decision criteria
C. Determining what you need to know
D. Pinpointing your objective
74. Which of the following is a benefit of corporate governance:
A. It encourages transparency.
B. It decreases investor confidence.
C. It creates a less definable brand.
D. It maximizes corruption.
75. Members of a board of directors are
A. required to be stockholders.
B. elected by stockholders.
C. a business's vendors.
D. not able to make decisions.
76. Which of the following most likely led to a greater emphasis on governance structures in recent years:
A. New technology in the industry
B. Competitor saturation
C. Stock market crash
D. Accounting fraud
77. Performances standards should be
A. informally discussed.
B. subjective.
C. measurable.
D. extremely challenging.
78. Product pricing is affected by transportation costs, which are factors related to the marketing element of
A. competition.
B. promotion.
C. place.
D. selling.
79. Companies X, Y, and Z determine the selling price of widgets because these companies are the only ones who market widgets. This is an example of
A. monopolistic competition.
B. an oligopolistic market.
C. pure competition.
D. a true monopoly.
80. When evaluating customers' experiences, a company should keep in mind that customers are most often influenced by their interactions with the company's
A. negotiation committee.
B. suppliers.
C. labor union.
D. employees.
81. Having a narrow product mix allows a company to
A. specialize in specific product lines.
B. mass market its products.
C. produce less efficiently.
D. appeal to customers with a variety of needs.
82. Ways that a business's website can provide customer-service support are by offering
A. chat rooms, account numbers, and financial information.
B. free delivery, email options, and credit authorizations.
C. product/service updates, FAQs page, and an online help desk.
D. online billing, sales reports, and toll-free telephone number.
83. When a business offers services such as an information desk, child-friendly restrooms, and a lost-andfound department, it is providing customers with __________ services.
A. shopping
B. convenience
C. community
D. impulse
84. Which of the following is one of the main functions of promotion in the advertising industry:
A. Marketing
B. Persuading
C. Branding
D. Retailing
85. Which of the following media could increase a business's sales by reaching people who are driving home from work:
A. Email
B. Publicity
C. Advertising
D. Radio
86. Mark doesn't have much money to promote his new restaurant, so he focuses on inviting a few customers in for a special dinner in hopes that they will post favorable reviews online and tell their family and friends about their great meals. Mark is using __________ marketing.
A. broadcast
B. direct mail
C. grassroots
D. cause
87. Businesses often use direct advertising strategies because
A. the promotional message reaches a larger group of people.
B. they can select and reach qualified prospects.
C. direct advertising is less expensive than other forms of promotion.
D. it reduces the need to include other elements in the promotional mix.
88. The Skintastic Cosmetic Company implemented a challenging sales promotion in which its independent sales consultants could earn bonuses, prizes, and vacations. This is an example of a company using __________ as a sales incentive.
A. sweepstakes
B. push money
C. cooperative advertising
D. loyalty programs
89. The use of communications channels in public relations activities is an important part of
A. advertising an image.
B. marketing products.
C. providing information.
D. targeting customers.
90. Francine likes the auto shop where she takes her car for an oil change because it has a comfortable waiting room with good magazines. This illustrates which important characteristic of quality service providers?
A. Responsiveness
B. Reliability
C. Tangibles
D. Assurance
91. Which of the following is a true statement regarding the relationship between risk and business objectives:
A. Risks help businesses determine objectives.
B. Objectives should never be modified because of risk.
C. Effective business objectives are not risky.
D. The more objectives a business has, the less risk it faces.
92. Tyrese and his team are creating a list of their company's critical enterprise-wide risks. They are compiling
A. a risk control.
B. a risk assessment.
C. enterprise risk management.
D. a risk inventory.
93. Which of the following situations is most likely to result in long-term, increased sales for a business:
A. Raising the price of its current products
B. Constantly providing new choices for consumers
C. Lowering the price of its current products
D. Eliminating a slow-selling product line
94. Which of the following is an example of a company objective that might be developed by top management:
A. To improve the collection process
B. To maintain or increase market share
C. To maintain the billing cycle
D. To hold weekly sales meetings
95. A business should consider the impact that changes in the environment will have on the business's marketing mix because
A. most businesses want to be reactive.
B. the business can change its marketing mix.
C. the marketing mix is affected by technology.
D. government regulations can increase costs.
96. Which component of the business plan requires considerable time and external research?
A. Market analysis
B. Executive summary
C. Strategy and implementation
D. Appendices
97. What company has the highest sales-to-receivables ratio based on the following information: Company A has sales of $250,000 and accounts receivable of $20,000; Company B has sales of $275,000 and accounts receivable of $25,000; Company C has sales of $300,000 and accounts receivable of $30,000; and Company D has sales of $290,000 and accounts receivable of $32,000.
A. Company A
B. Company B
C. Company C
D. Company D
98. Why is it important to track the performance of a business plan?
A. To establish an operating strategy
B. To find out if products are selling
C. To determine its proposed mission
D. To provide investment information
99. For successful innovation to occur, employees must be willing to __________ while developing ideas.
A. learn
B. teach
C. avoid results
D. work alone
100. If a company wants to ensure that changes are implemented in the best possible way and that those changes will lead to long-term benefits, it should use the __________ approach.
A. change avoidance
B. problem solving
C. change management
D. solution finding
Test 1188
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. Which of the following is a type of intangible business property that is protected by law:
A. Acreage
B. Inventory
C. Trademark
D. Equipment
2. Basic torts relating to businesses often involve disputes concerning
A. emotional stress.
B. assaults.
C. defamation.
D. contracts.
3. Which of the following is a characteristic of a business-format franchise:
A. The name of the business is chosen by the franchisee.
B. Products are bought directly from the supplier.
C. It is the least popular franchise arrangement.
D. Continuous assistance is provided by the franchisor.
4. Limited liability, indefinite length of life, ease of expansion, legal entity, and transfer of ownership are considered advantages of a
A. sole proprietorship.
B. partnership.
C. trade union.
D. corporation.
5. Channels of distribution benefit consumers by
A. increasing profits for businesses.
B. lowering the prices of all consumer products.
C. raising the quality of all consumer products.
D. making a variety of products available to them.
6. For which of the following markets would producers use a short channel of distribution:
A. Local consumers
B. Generation X
C. Baby boomers
D. Senior citizens
7. If a business considers where the consumers are and who they are before selecting a channel of distribution, the business is considering the __________ factor.
A. human
B. promotion
C. market
D. sales
8. What do business employees often need to do before they are able to write proposals?
A. Research the problem
B. Analyze personal biases
C. Contact the customer
D. Evaluate technical skills
9. Which of the following is an example of a manager developing a policy that impacts customer relations:
A. Increasing use of security devices
B. Extending business hours on weekends
C. Revising bookkeeping procedures
D. Scheduling employees' work hours
10. What should a successful brand promise be able to do?
A. Customize the product for each customer
B. Clarify the company's processes
C. Communicate an appealing benefit
D. Convey a high-quality image
11. Which of the following is one way that freedom in a private enterprise system is limited by laws:
A. Certain occupations must be licensed.
B. All workers must take ability tests.
C. Specific pay scales are regulated.
D. Employees must register with the state.
12. During the month of July, sales at Handy's Shoe Mart totaled $2,500. The cost of the shoes was $1,025. The owner paid $866 for supplies, insurance, rent, and utilities during the month. The $609 left over represents the owner's
A. net profit.
B. gross profit.
C. sales income.
D. operating expenses.
13. Non-corporations are taxed as pass-through entities, meaning that
A. profits and losses are claimed on owners' personal tax returns.
B. they do not have to pay payroll taxes.
C. their income tax rates are lower than those of corporations.
D. they pay only state and local taxes.
14. Which of the following activities is an example of preparing before attempting to sell an idea:
A. Explaining solutions to audience needs
B. Determining the details of your idea
C. Overcoming objections from the audience
D. Affirming the audience's decision to "buy"
15. Managers are more likely to be able to persuade employees to follow new procedures if the managers have
A. organizational skills.
B. credibility.
C. enthusiasm.
D. self-motivation.
16. Ali wants to negotiate with her boss to take on more job responsibilities. Before approaching her boss, Ali needs to determine her boss's position and
A. abilities.
B. interests.
C. standards.
D. procedures.
17. After writing your personal vision, what must you do to achieve it?
A. Commit to your vision through hard work and dedication.
B. Put your vision in a safe space and look at it again in five years.
C. Get the highest-paying job that you can find out of high school.
D. Spend all of your free time working on self-improvement.
18. Ryan keeps a list of his goals to remind himself of what he's working toward. Which tip for smart goal setting is Ryan following?
A. Putting goals in writing
B. Tying goals to a timetable
C. Making goals specific
D. Making goals difficult but possible
19. The future that you desire to create is known as a
A. mission statement.
B. goal.
C. prediction.
D. vision.
20. The entrepreneurial discovery process that involves finding a way to meet an existing demand by inventing new products from available resources is based on
A. science.
B. medicine.
C. psychology.
D. physics.
21. Dan is in the process of determining the types of computer software and telephone service that will best suit his new business and get it up and running. Dan is considering his business's
A. financial constraints.
B. technical needs.
C. competitive advantage.
D. staffing requirements.
22. Which of the following statements is true about business startup requirements:
A. New business owners usually need to register for patent protection.
B. The financial needs to start a new business depend on the nature of the venture.
C. Purchasing a franchise is usually easy and inexpensive for startup business owners.
D. Equipment is the least expensive requirement for a startup business.
23. Why is it important for entrepreneurs to talk with industry experts when developing new business concepts?
A. The industry experts usually improve your management skills.
B. The industry experts typically provide useful information.
C. The industry experts commonly enhance your confidence.
D. The industry experts frequently offer financial support.
24. If an entrepreneur obtains a commercial bank loan to finance a new venture, s/he is often required to
A. provide collateral.
B. close savings accounts.
C. relinquish contracts.
D. charge the prime-interest rate.
25. To determine their human resource needs, new business owners often find it helpful to
A. list all the tasks involved in operating the business.
B. ask a technical recruiter for advice.
C. hire consultants or freelancers.
D. allocate funds for additional payroll taxes.
26. The type of capital resources that a startup business needs to begin operating usually depends on the
A. vendors' lead time.
B. location.
C. owner's preferences.
D. industry.
27. Which of the following statements is true about new venture risk-taking:
A. When an entrepreneur seeks a high profit, the risk is usually higher.
B. When the entrepreneur seeks to limit risk, the reward tends to increase.
C. An entrepreneur's financial risk is not closely related to rewards.
D. The entrepreneur who does not care about profit is a high risk-taker.
28. Small-business owners develop and use operating procedures so that everyday tasks are performed in a(n) __________ way.
A. innovative
B. imprecise
C. diverse
D. standard
29. To develop repeat business and customer loyalty, a business owner might
A. update equipment.
B. increase prices.
C. ridicule the competition.
D. offer a new service.
30. By joining a community organization, such as the local chamber of commerce, an entrepreneur can network with others to
A. evaluate personal skills and abilities.
B. obtain selling experience.
C. identify new venture opportunities.
D. improve goods and services.
31. Determine if the following statement is true or false: When developing an exit strategy for an entrepreneurial venture, the most important consideration is finding a suitable buyer.
A. False, there are many factors to consider, such as company valuation and personal goals.
B. True, if the buyer is inexperienced, the business risks monetary losses and long-term failure.
C. False, the most important factor that an entrepreneur should consider is profitability.
D. True, the valuation of a business is dependent on the buyer's financial resources.
32. Which of the following is an example of an intangible asset:
A. Equipment
B. Inventory
C. Office building
D. Accounts receivable
33. Which of the following is a characteristic of a profit-and-loss statement:
A. Is the same as a balance sheet
B. Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales
C. Shows the owner's financial position
D. Lists assets and liabilities
34. In managerial accounting, the number of hours that a business runs its machinery during the production process is classified as a(n)
A. production output.
B. cost driver.
C. unexpected expense.
D. inflexible transaction.
35. Businesses often obtain cash to produce and sell goods by borrowing against their
A. current liabilities.
B. accounts receivable.
C. operating expenses.
D. promissory notes.
36. When determining financing needs, what factor should businesses consider that will help decide whether they can repay the debt?
A. Liquidity
B. Depreciation
C. Equity
D. Inventory
37. Which of the following is a risk a business might face if it obtains a long-term loan from a financial institution and pays off the loan before it is due:
A. Being charged a penalty
B. Losing interest on the account
C. Paying a processing fee
D. Receiving a variable rate
38. Why do lending institutions carefully evaluate how well a business meets certain criteria before making a loan?
A. To improve relations
B. To provide service
C. To prevent theft
D. To reduce risk
39. Which of the following payback periods in a cost/benefit analysis would businesses prefer if all other things were equal:
A. 2 years
B. 1 year
C. 3 years
D. 4 years
40. An example of an internal change that could affect a business's sales forecast is a change in the
A. length of a national recession.
B. number of competitors in the market.
C. size of the sales force.
D. levels of consumer spending.
41. Ethan is developing common-size financial statements so that he can compare financial performance across several different companies. Ethan is conducting __________ analysis.
A. horizontal
B. vertical
C. ratio
D. trend
42. Jana noticed a problem while reviewing her company's monthly income statement. She verified that the total revenue was $4,590 and the total expenses were $1,452. However, the income statement showed a net income total of $1,383. Which of the following reflects the correct net income:
A. $3,381
B. $5,973
C. $3,138
D. $1,833
43. Why do interviewers usually focus on asking questions that are related to a job applicant's performance?
A. To understand complaints
B. To take remedial action
C. To determine qualifications
D. To plan future training
44. If employees are fired because their conduct is in serious violation of company policies, they are being terminated for
A. incompetence.
B. performance.
C. resigning.
D. cause.
45. Why is it often necessary to provide employees with additional training?
A. To increase socialization
B. To improve performance
C. To analyze diversity
D. To identify sensitivity
46. When a supervisor evaluates an employee's performance, the evaluation should be based on the __________ standards.
A. organization's
B. supervisor's
C. competition's
D. employee's
47. Which of the following is one way that businesses use marketing information:
A. To predict change
B. To analyze data
C. To develop surveys
D. To conduct research
48. Which of the following is a characteristic of the data collection step in marketing research:
A. The least expensive step in marketing research
B. The least tedious step in marketing research
C. The step in which the most mistakes are made
D. The step that is most interesting to researchers
49. Which of the following is an example of a durable good:
A. House
B. Haircut
C. Gasoline
D. Hamburger
50. Motives, perception, attitude, lifestyle, personality, and abilities are __________ factors influencing consumer behavior.
A. political
B. social
C. psychological
D. economic
51. Business goals are accomplished by means of marketing
A. salespeople.
B. budgets.
C. profit.
D. strategies.
52. Products that appeal to the majority of customers are often sold through __________ marketing efforts.
A. segmented
B. mass
C. demographic
D. psychographic
53. An important part of a market analysis involves collecting __________ information.
A. confidential
B. geographic
C. employee
D. property
54. One reason why it is important to accurately forecast sales for a marketing plan is because the forecast is the basis of other
A. business reports.
B. pricing strategies.
C. operational activities.
D. management techniques.
55. Which of the following is a strategy for linking performance measures to financial outcomes:
A. Analyzing click-through rates
B. Developing advertising budgets
C. Paying for direct-mail pieces
D. Maintaining sales receipts
56. What type of software do many businesses require be installed on computer systems as a security feature?
A. Reality
B. Firewall
C. Spider
D. Media
57. The FPD Company keeps copies of its brochures, catalogs, and flyers on file for future reference. This is an example of a company that is maintaining __________ records.
A. inventory
B. legal
C. promotional
D. asset
58. Which of the following is most likely to be a dynamic element of a business's external environment:
A. Decrease in personnel
B. Increase in competition
C. Renewed emphasis on training
D. New quality control measures
59. James needs to hire a bookkeeper for his growing business. To determine the new employee's salary, James obtained pay data from five companies in his industry that are similar in size. The research indicated the following: Company A pays $31,205; Company B pays $29,995; Company C pays $34,800; Company D pays $42,500; and Company E pays $36,500. James decided to set his bookkeeper's salary at $35,000. What measure of central tendency did James use to set his new employee's salary?
A. Mode
B. Mean
C. Range
D. Median
60. Hill Industries uses specific criteria to evaluate vendor performance, including on-time delivery rate, return rate, and number of customer complaints. These metrics are also known as
A. consensus scales.
B. performance indicators.
C. economic indicators.
D. return on capital.
61. A business converts inputs into outputs through its __________ activities.
A. accounting
B. management
C. marketing
D. production
62. What is often the role of management in the achievement of quality in a business?
A. To assign blame
B. To lead the effort
C. To judge the staff
D. To eliminate conflict
63. Which of the following is an example of a fixed operating expense:
A. Insurance
B. Sales commissions
C. Advertising
D. Travel expenses
64. What information does a business always need to have when it conducts a break-even analysis?
A. Fixed costs and depreciation rates
B. Variable costs and fixed costs
C. Production time and variable costs
D. Production time and depreciation rates
65. Which of the following should a business consider when negotiating a service or maintenance contract on a piece of equipment:
A. Does the cost of the contract exceed the cost of possible repairs?
B. Is training and technical assistance available?
C. How much profit does the seller make on the contract?
D. Does the equipment require installation?
66. Which of the following is a situation in which a business could use the budget information to make operating changes:
A. Total revenues exceed projected costs.
B. Estimated sales exceed actual sales.
C. Expected profits are increasing.
D. Accounts receivable are on target.
67. To effectively manage a supply chain, companies should
A. introduce frequent changes to the production process.
B. ignore underperforming suppliers and distributors.
C. monitor the performance of all supply chain partners.
D. launch new products through multiple suppliers.
68. An employee is comparing income statements from the past three years to evaluate changes and trends in the business's revenue. What type of business analysis is the employee conducting?
A. Production
B. Financial
C. Information management
D. Sales
69. Before assigning a new project to her employees, Joanna establishes the steps that her staff needs to take to complete the project. Joanna is utilizing
A. human resource planning.
B. business process thinking.
C. agile project management.
D. change management.
70. A manufacturing company is required by the local government to dispose of its waste in an environmentally safe way. This is an example of how process design can be affected by __________ factors.
A. human
B. regulatory
C. technological
D. natural
71. Which of the following situations describes a business process changing due to technological factors:
A. A manufacturing company purchases a new software program to run its machines.
B. A small general store offers more discounts to compete with a new shopping mall.
C. A waste treatment plant changes its disposal method to align with environmental law.
D. A family-owned restaurant opens a second location in an effort to expand its brand.
72. Which of the following is a true statement regarding the relationship between a business's supply chain management and its performance:
A. Good supply chain management leads to unsustainable business practices.
B. Good supply chain management leads to decreased value for the customer.
C. Poor supply chain management can result in customer satisfaction.
D. Poor supply chain management can result in customer dissatisfaction.
73. Chad is buying a new car. Although the first car is a great deal and a more practical choice, he just loves the look of the second car. As a result, he decides to purchase the second car. His decision is based on which of the following internal factors:
A. Insight or intuition
B. Experience
C. Framing
D. Emotion
74. Time management helps to reduce stress because it
A. provides less time for rest and relaxation.
B. increases feelings of pressure and tension.
C. encourages procrastination in planning necessary activities.
D. allows adequate time for personal and professional activities.
75. Who typically reviews and approves the guidelines for running a corporation, which are also known as corporate governance policies?
A. The investors
B. The shareholders
C. The management team
D. The board of directors
76. What is the relationship between shareholders and the board of directors?
A. The shareholders pay dividends to the board of directors.
B. The board of directors represents the shareholders.
C. The shareholders make decisions for the board of directors.
D. The board of directors holds the shareholders accountable.
77. An organization should include independent members on its board of directors because they
A. provide an objective perspective.
B. represent the interests of management.
C. understand the company's inner workings.
D. are less likely to act unethically.
78. When buyers and sellers have agreed on a value for a product, they have established the
A. price policy.
B. exchange price.
C. equilibrium price.
D. price line.
79. True or false: In determining the selling price of a good or service, most of the factors to be considered by the seller are internal to the business.
A. True, most factors affecting price are internal to the business.
B. False, most factors affecting price are not controlled by the firm.
C. True, most factors affecting price are directly controlled by the business.
D. False, most factors affecting price are directly controlled by the business.
80. A product idea is feasible if it
A. meets sales quotas.
B. creates a competitive advantage.
C. costs a lot to produce.
D. is a durable good.
81. Terry, a company buyer, has the job of choosing a particular assortment of products that will meet the market's needs and the company's goals. Terry is responsible for the company's product
A. mix.
B. item.
C. line.
D. sales.
82. A business manager who wants to increase the number of items the business offers needs to decide whether the new items will be compatible with the business's
A. level of service.
B. patronage motives.
C. current product mix.
D. advertising objectives.
83. What do many businesses identify and strive to improve in order to attract customers and be competitive?
A. Commission plans
B. Service standards
C. Personal characteristics
D. Operating quotas
84. What type of promotional media is a business using when it sends out a postcard telling customers who recently purchased products that the business is adding a new line of products?
A. Participative
B. Sales letter
C. Persuasive
D. Direct mail
85. Ariel, who designs and sells a line of purses and tote bags, recently sent free totes bag to local female news anchors. Ariel's goal is to have others see the local celebrities carrying the tote bags to generate interest in her product. What form of word-of-mouth marketing is Ariel using?
A. Product seeding
B. Celebrity testimonial
C. Cause marketing
D. Social media applications
86. An advantage to using direct marketing to communicate product information is that the business can
A. expect a majority of recipients to respond to the message.
B. effectively appeal to a mass audience.
C. customize the messages.
D. save money by personalizing offers.
87. Samples, premiums, and advertising specialties are examples of __________ used in sales promotion.
A. communications channels
B. publicity strategies
C. marketing activities
D. selling techniques
88. Why do some businesses sponsor local events?
A. To obtain publicity
B. To create news
C. To generate revenue
D. To sell products
89. Which of the following are public relations activities:
A. Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events
B. Holding press conferences, identifying trends, and hiring new staff members
C. Sponsoring events, developing new products, and distributing company newsletters
D. Identifying trends, writing press releases, and hiring new staff members
90. The cost of employing product inspectors is a(n)
A. appraisal cost.
B. prevention cost.
C. internal failure cost.
D. external failure cost.
91. Because __________ measures of risk can be too general, it is also useful to perform __________ assessment of risk.
A. quantitative; qualitative
B. qualitative; quantitative
C. preventative; responsive
D. responsive; preventative
92. Which of the following is a potential risk of implementing enterprise risk management (ERM) software:
A. Standardization of reporting
B. More emphasis on risk
C. Loss of data during the transfer
D. Less efficient use of resources
93. Salespersons should have good communication skills, but the sales presentation should not include too many __________ words.
A. expressive
B. picturesque
C. personal
D. technical
94. Which management function lays the groundwork for all of the other management functions?
A. Directing
B. Organizing
C. Staffing
D. Planning
95. One way that managers can promote ethical behavior on the part of everyone in the business is by encouraging employees to
A. develop a code of ethics.
B. report unethical actions.
C. be thoughtful of others.
D. avoid social situations.
96. The ski shop manager set an objective to increase sales by 10% over the previous year even though the forecast was for a mild and rainy winter. The manager's objective was
A. reasonable.
B. practical.
C. unrealistic.
D. scientific.
97. Which of the following pairs of businesses are examples of direct competitors:
A. Ryan's Drugstore and Hally's Homemade Cards
B. Hot n' Spicy Wings and Southern Fried Chicken House
C. JTE Clothes Boutique and Carla's Hardware
D. Modern Dry Cleaning and Trotterman Accounting Services
98. Which of the following is the most critical component of a business plan:
A. Market analysis
B. Company description
C. Executive summary
D. Financial plan
99. Which of the following employees would most likely be described as "innovative" by his/her supervisor:
A. Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project
B. Madison, because she prefers to stick to traditional ideas and processes
C. Elizabeth, because she gets frustrated when she needs to learn new skills
D. Anthony, because he is usually quiet during brainstorming sessions
100. One of the goals of change management is
A. to obtain buy-in from stakeholders.
B. to limit the effects of a change.
C. to keep the people involved to a minimum.
D. to reduce the time it takes to make a change.
Test 1209
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. After being fired from his job, Jack wrote blog posts in which he criticized his former company and all of its employees. He made many negative comments, most of which were untrue. What tort is Jack committing?
A. Battery
B. Invasion of privacy
C. Defamation
D. Negligence
2. Patents, trademarks, and copyrights are all methods used to protect
A. houses and apartments.
B. physical inventions.
C. intellectual property.
D. government secrets.
3. What types of businesses can be owned by thousands of stockholders?
A. General partnerships
B. Open corporations
C. Close corporations
D. Sole proprietorships
4. A business owner who prefers to maintain complete control of all business activities might consider structuring the venture as a(n)
A. sole proprietorship.
B. general partnership.
C. "S" corporation.
D. limited liability company.
5. Channels of distribution benefit businesses by
A. allowing them to avoid all channel tasks.
B. lowering the prices of all industrial goods.
C. raising their profits each year.
D. getting their products to consumers more efficiently.
6. A farmer with a produce stand in the yard is an example of a __________ distribution channel.
A. producer to consumer
B. producer to agent to consumer
C. producer to retailer to consumer
D. producer to wholesaler to consumer
7. The best way to evaluate the channel members in an international supply chain is often by using a(n)
A. global distribution center.
B. international monetary fund.
C. global industry benchmarking system.
D. international trade center.
8. The ultimate purpose of preparing a long, complex, business report is usually to
A. be well-organized.
B. present all views.
C. help with major decisions.
D. present accurate data.
9. Which of the following is an example of a brand promise:
A. Low credit terms are available for qualified customers until January 2025.
B. Leather sofas only $499 this weekend—buy now at Fred's Furniture Warehouse.
C. Henderson Photography…uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority.
D. For your convenience, four Cup O' Joe locations are open in the greater metro area.
10. Which of the following statements is true about a mixed economy:
A. The government is the primary economic decision maker and also regulates individual and business behavior.
B. Individuals are the primary economic decision makers, and businesses control and regulate the system.
C. Businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government controls the system.
D. Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps regulate the system.
11. Which of the following is an example of an operating expense for a business:
A. Cost of goods
B. Employees' withholding
C. Revenues
D. Utilities
12. Economies of scale are highly dependent on average
A. marginal cost.
B. total cost.
C. revenue.
D. marginal revenue.
13. Which of the following causes the greatest number of cultural sensitivity issues:
A. Communication
B. Level of comfort with uncertainty
C. Globalization
D. Relationships to time and space
14. Porter said to the group, "If we agree to proceed with this plan, the company's profitability will increase substantially. Because the company will be saving a lot of money, we are more likely to receive a higher pay increase next year." Porter is persuading the group members by
A. expressing empathy.
B. promoting benefits.
C. exerting his authority.
D. arguing on minor points.
15. When employees demonstrate adaptability, they are able to be
A. aggressive.
B. flexible.
C. honest.
D. creative.
16. One reason that an excellent business vision is general rather than specific is that
A. employees must be told exactly what to do.
B. it must be short term.
C. everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it.
D. it must be compelling and energizing.
17. Gianna is attempting to build a strategic relationship with Nico, who is an influential member of the local business community. What is one technique Gianna could use to build the relationship?
A. Establishing dominance and control
B. Finding a shared vision
C. Seeking a deal as quickly as possible
D. Focusing on Nico's shortcomings
18. Which of the following techniques is the best example of leveraging existing business relationships:
A. Deleting negative client reviews
B. Avoiding meeting new people
C. Calling clients just to say hello
D. Sending holiday cards to clients
19. Which of the following businesses is the best example of an entrepreneurial venture:
A. A juice bar decides to purchase trucks to sell juice on location during special events.
B. A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing.
C. A pumpkin farm offers pumpkin carving and costume contests to create more interest.
D. A bakery creates a "cretzel," a cross between a crescent and a pretzel, as a new product.
20. Which of the following attitudes should an entrepreneur have about new technological developments:
A. New technologies should be applied to all business practices.
B. New technologies are overrated and should be avoided.
C. The impact of new technologies should always be evaluated.
D. The benefits of new technologies do not outweigh their high cost.
21. Which of the following statements regarding international trade is true:
A. Companies shipping internationally must use freight-forwarding services.
B. Only large companies typically benefit from conducting international trade.
C. Internet-based companies can easily become involved in international trade.
D. Foreign language skills are required to conduct international trade.
22. One factor that an entrepreneur should consider when assessing a venture opportunity is whether it will
A. involve complicated paperwork.
B. require employee loyalty.
C. lead to more opportunities.
D. satisfy vendors' needs.
23. Which of the following statements about feasibility studies is true:
A. The feasibility study is essentially the written business model.
B. A feasibility study is not necessary if similar businesses already exist.
C. Each feasibility study must focus on only one potential business model.
D. The feasibility study is completed before the business plan is developed.
24. One-time startup costs often include __________ fees.
A. website maintenance
B. shipping and postage
C. trade association
D. incorporation
25. Which of the following situations is an example of a social risk that is associated with starting a new business:
A. When Nigel started his new business, he took out a bank loan and used his home as collateral.
B. As a new business owner, Cassidy is so worried about failing that she develops an ulcer.
C. Adam is working 14 hours a day at his new company and is not spending time with friends.
D. Julie, a successful businessperson, is willing to quit her job to start a new business.
26. Evan does not want the legal obligation of repaying a loan and is willing to share profits with others. Which of the following options is Evan most likely to select to fund a new venture:
A. Community bank
B. Collateral savings
C. Trade credit
D. Private equity
27. Which of the following questions would Allison ask herself when deciding if she should hire an assistant for her growing business:
A. Can I trust this person to get the work done on time?
B. How will I recruit applicants for the job?
C. Does the workload require a full-time or part-time employee?
D. Does this applicant meet my minimal educational requirements?
28. Although hiring a highly skilled employee is an added expense, a business owner benefits because the employee's activities increase the firm's overall productivity based on his/her
A. attitude.
B. self-control.
C. expertise.
D. inability.
29. Because the MBC Company has one location that services the eastern part of the country and another location that services the western part of the country, the company's work flow is organized by
A. territory.
B. work teams.
C. authority.
D. relationship.
30. Small-business owners often obtain ideas for new venture opportunities when they
A. analyze their companies' sales reports.
B. talk with their customers and vendors.
C. apply for a commercial bank loan.
D. revise their operating budgets.
31. When Deanna, a small-business owner, allocates 6% of her company's profit to product development, she is investing which type of resource:
A. Financial
B. Fundamental
C. Strategic
D. Structural
32. A car company has decided to invest less in its successful pickup truck and to use those funds instead on the development of its new hybrid vehicle. This is an example of
A. risk mitigation.
B. a marketing plan.
C. a harvest strategy.
D. the discovery process.
33. Which of the following presents the first three steps in the accounting cycle in the correct order:
A. Analyze, post, and journalize
B. Analyze, journalize, and post
C. Post, analyze and journalize
D. Post, journalize, and analyze
34. Pete is preparing a cash flow statement for his new business. If the startup costs are $27,645 and he has $36,200 cash, how much cash is available for Pete to operate the business?
A. $9,125
B. $7,545
C. $8,555
D. $8,265
35. Le' Grand Hotel experienced record profits and chose to reinvest those profits back into the hotel for a major remodeling project. Where would these retained earnings be represented on a balance sheet?
A. Under revenue
B. Under assets
C. Under contributed capital
D. Under stockholders' equity
36. One reason why creditors review a business's income statement is to decide if the business will be able to
A. develop new products.
B. expand operations.
C. increase staff.
D. repay a loan.
37. When a business seeks to establish a budget or make major business decisions, what type of accounting does it use?
A. Financial accounting
B. Managerial accounting
C. Forensic accounting
D. Internal auditing
38. Businesses that obtain credit from banks usually are required to provide acceptable
A. collateral.
B. technology.
C. promotion.
D. compensation.
39. A small restaurant wants to expand, but first it needs to raise funds. John wants to raise capital through debt financing, but his partner, Damien, isn't sure that's a good idea. What is one downside of debt financing that Damien could cite to prove his point to John?
A. Shareholders will own part of their business.
B. They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount.
C. They will need to sell stock in their business.
D. They will be required to repay the money immediately.
40. Which of the following is an intangible benefit that might be included in a cost-benefit analysis:
A. Increased profits
B. Decreased expenses
C. Reduced employee turnover
D. Increased convenience
41. The CEO of a medium-sized business asked the top five executives to each prepare a sales forecast for the upcoming year. The forecasts were then averaged together to get the composite forecast. What method of forecasting was used?
A. Jury of executive opinion
B. Sales force composite
C. The Delphi technique
D. Survey of buyer intentions
42. Which of the following equations should employees know when they are verifying the accuracy of a business's balance sheet:
A. Owner's Equity = Available Cash - Liabilities
B. Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity
C. Assets = Owner's Equity - Liabilities
D. Owner's Equity = Liabilities + Available Cash
43. Which of the following phrases is most likely to be listed in an official job description:
A. "Possess an associate's degree or higher"
B. “Have 10-15 years' experience”
C. “Able to work closely with others”
D. “Edit company newsletter”
44. What is a factor that a growing business might consider when determining hiring needs?
A. The business's sampling plan
B. Type of application required
C. Employee to customer ratio
D. Bonuses that customers demand
45. One of the benefits to the business of an effective employee selection procedure is a(n)
A. reduction in the need for orientation.
B. rapid rate of employee turnover.
C. appropriate match of employees to jobs.
D. good supply of employees to train.
46. What type of information about employees do most businesses maintain in their personnel records?
A. Family history
B. Political affiliation
C. Past work experience
D. Country of origin
47. When a supervisor must take disciplinary action, the supervisor should adopt a __________ attitude.
A. stern
B. critical
C. wait-and-see
D. nonjudgmental
48. Why is it important for businesses to obtain marketing information about economic conditions, political systems, and technological changes throughout the world?
A. To understand geography
B. To remain competitive
C. To import products
D. To eliminate trade quotas
49. Businesses need a great deal of information to make effective decisions and solve specific problems. This information is usually obtained through
A. marketing research.
B. financial management.
C. observation.
D. data analysis.
50. The marketing function that includes creating strategies to attract the target customer to a business is
A. market planning.
B. pricing.
C. marketing-information management.
D. channel management.
51. For the strategy of conducting customer surveys, with tactics including contacting customers and tabulating survey results, which of the following is the goal:
A. Improving this year's customer satisfaction by 7% over last year's ratings
B. Improving this year's telemarketing skills by 7% over last year's skills
C. Improving this year's proposal writing by 7% over last year's writing
D. Improving this year's sales training results by 7% over last year's results
52. A purpose of market identification is to focus the marketer's selling efforts on the __________ market.
A. retail
B. consumer
C. target
D. industrial
53. When analyzing market potential, businesses often look at consumer psychographic factors, such as personality characteristics and
A. occupation.
B. gender.
C. income.
D. lifestyles.
54. Which of the following is a factor that new businesses consider when conducting an analysis of competitors in a specific market:
A. Size and availability of space
B. Product quality and price
C. Cost of supplies and equipment
D. Industry research and training
55. One of the objectives in a business's marketing plan is to increase sales by 15% by reaching more customers. What dollar amount is 15% if the business currently has 250 customers who each spend $10,000 per year?
A. $425,000
B. $250,000
C. $375,000
D. $515,000
56. Which of the following is a true statement about information:
A. It is simple to manage.
B. It is data put into a useful form.
C. It is the same thing as data.
D. It has no value for an organization.
57. Which of the following is a specification that a business might establish for selecting spreadsheet software programs:
A. Regularly organize customer information
B. Electronically communicate data
C. Graphically display financial information
D. Digitally produce marketing data
58. Trent was reviewing a business record that did not reflect updated information. The quality of the business record was compromised because it was
A. irrelevant.
B. unavailable.
C. unorganized.
D. inaccurate.
59. Company B's management has determined that it must downsize. Three persons in the customer service department will lose their jobs. Which of the following records can management use to help them determine which employees to keep:
A. Human resources records
B. Production records
C. R&D records
D. Inventory records
60. Running out of inventory can result in
A. more satisfied customers.
B. higher taxes.
C. higher productivity.
D. lost sales.
61. Which of the following is an example of a safety procedure that a business might require its employees to follow:
A. Review products to ensure quality standards are met.
B. Place equipment in front of the business's emergency exits.
C. Wear protective headgear when working in hazardous areas.
D. Store supplies in the facility's offices, closets, and aisles.
62. An important consideration when coordinating sequential tasks with team members is
A. timing.
B. durability.
C. pricing.
D. credibility.
63. Planning the quantities to produce is an important part of production planning because it helps
A. prevent losses to the business.
B. sequence the steps in production.
C. increase consumer demand for the product.
D. locate the resources needed for the product.
64. Which of the following is a true statement regarding operating costs:
A. Only some businesses have them.
B. They are fixed expenses.
C. They occur once or twice a year.
D. They are not directly related to production.
65. Service contract A costs $1,500 yearly and includes 12 service calls each year. Service contract B costs $600 yearly and charges $70 per call up to 12 calls each year. Which contract is less expensive and by what amount?
A. Contract A by $80
B. Contract B by $50
C. Contract B by $60
D. Contract A by $70
66. One tool a business can use to control expenses is a(n)
A. ratio.
B. balance sheet.
C. budget.
D. income statement.
67. Which of the following must occur for supply chain management to be successful:
A. Few people should be involved in operations.
B. Producers should be in contact with final customers.
C. Emphasis should be placed on internal activities.
D. Goods and communication should flow both ways.
68. Luke is reviewing several internal and external reports to compare his company's sales and market share in relation to those of other companies in the industry. What type of business analysis is Luke conducting?
A. Promotional
B. Competitive
C. Financial
D. Productivity
69. Which of the following is an example of business process thinking:
A. A company strives to fix its method of internal communications.
B. The marketing department and finance department avoid interacting.
C. Whenever a customer complains about slow service, servers are fired.
D. A company prioritizes product promotions over product development.
70. Stress and fatigue are __________ factors that can affect business process design.
A. technological
B. human
C. regulatory
D. government
71. A business process change would likely be required if a company
A. plans a meeting for Friday.
B. goes out of business.
C. merges with another company.
D. has a profitable quarter.
72. How does supply chain management increase customer satisfaction?
A. Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers
B. Integrates information throughout an organization
C. Improves cash flow
D. Enhances data quality
73. Bernard's business is more successful than his competitors' because he is innovative, which gives him a(n) __________ advantage.
A. competitive
B. creative
C. absolute
D. administrative
74. Corporate governance is primarily concerned with __________ desires.
A. CEO
B. stakeholder
C. vendor
D. competitor
75. A top-level executive is removed from his position on the Golden Ray Corporation's board of directors due to a personal scandal. The board then releases a detailed, professional statement to its stakeholders so they are aware of the situation. By doing this, Golden Ray Corporation is
A. lacking accountability.
B. demonstrating transparency.
C. following regulatory guidelines.
D. measuring internal performance.
76. Which of the following business activities is most likely to impact an organization's governance structures:
A. Raising prices on consumer goods
B. Hiring a new sales representative
C. Developing a marketing strategy
D. Borrowing money from a bank
77. Performance standards should be
A. extremely challenging.
B. subjective.
C. informally discussed.
D. measurable.
78. The determination of an exchange price acceptable to both the buyer and the seller of a product is called
A. product decision.
B. promotion.
C. place decision.
D. pricing.
79. Which of the following is not a factor that affects selling price:
A. Government regulation
B. Supply and demand
C. Competition
D. Profit control
80. Which of the following would be most useful to a business that is evaluating customer experience:
A. Online customer reviews
B. Sales data
C. Consumer trends
D. Kiosks
81. A fast-food company offers burgers, chicken nuggets, pizza, and french fries. Eventually, the company realizes that the pizzas are not profitable and decides to stop selling them. Which product-mix strategy is the company using?
A. Trading down
B. Trading up
C. Alteration
D. Contraction
82. Customer services that all retailers should provide include
A. delivery service and play areas for children.
B. convenient store hours and receipts for purchases.
C. merchandise repair and restaurants.
D. alterations and fashion shows.
83. Your target market is "poor" college students, so you base your unique selling proposition (USP) on value pricing. This is an example of a USP that is
A. meaningful to the customer.
B. difficult to communicate.
C. desirable and urgent.
D. fulfillable.
84. Pat's Pizza Place has introduced a new, low-fat pizza crust. In its advertising, management not only describes how tasty the crust is, but it also tells readers that the crust is low-fat and healthy. Pat's Pizza Place is using which of the following promotional communication characteristics:
A. Relevance
B. Repetitious
C. Factual
D. Persuasive
85. Which of the following plans includes procedures for dealing with events that threaten to shut down business operations for an extended period of time:
A. Safety plan
B. Continuity plan
C. Business plan
D. Asset security plan
86. What is an example of an amplified word-of-mouth strategy?
A. A customer shares her opinion of a new product with a friend.
B. Fans share the release date for a new product on Facebook.
C. Customers post comments about a company on Twitter.
D. A company asks customers to share product reviews on a website.
87. The primary cost factors that marketers must consider when developing a direct advertising campaign include list acquisition, delivery, and
A. research.
B. inventory.
C. production.
D. follow-up.
88. Ben recently purchased a cell phone. The manufacturer provided a form and a special code with the phone's packaging. Ben completed the form, copied his sales receipt, and mailed these items back to the manufacturer along with the part of the packaging that contained the special code. Within six weeks, Ben received a $50 check from the phone manufacturer. What type of sales-promotion technique was used?
A. Sweepstakes
B. Coupon
C. Rebate
D. Warranty
89. An important activity performed by a business's public relations staff is
A. territory development.
B. market segmentation.
C. crisis management.
D. talent acquisition.
90. Which of the following is a situation indicating a problem with product durability:
A. A customer complains that her/his new cell phone battery quit working after one week.
B. A customer returns a recently purchased sweater because it is the wrong size.
C. A customer complains to a restaurant server that his/her steak is too rare.
D. A customer returns a software package because it does not work with her/his computer.
91. A risk management program helps __________ risk, which makes it easier to organize and handle them.
A. categorize
B. encourage
C. prevent
D. process
92. Why has enterprise risk management developed?
A. The elimination of certain insurance plans
B. An increasingly diverse array of risks
C. Reduced government regulation
D. Declining quality standards
93. Which of the following is an example of a tangible item that can be sold:
A. Computer
B. Car wash
C. Haircut
D. Lawyer's advice
94. Who is usually responsible for developing and promoting an ethical atmosphere in a business?
A. Consultants
B. Employees
C. Attorneys
D. Managers
95. Which of the following are components generally included in a company's business plan:
A. Marketing plan, summary, and franchise agreement
B. Company description, financial plan, and marketing plan
C. Management plan, licensing contract, and annual report
D. Summary, operating plan, and sales report
96. A business should consider the impact that changes in the environment will have on the business's marketing mix because
A. government regulations can increase costs. 
B. most businesses want to be reactive.
C. the marketing mix is affected by technology.
D. the business can change its marketing mix.
97. When an advertiser sends postage-paid sweepstakes entry forms to individuals, the advertiser is using __________ direct mail advertising.
A. utility
B. informative
C. reminder
D. persuasive
98. How does a business's gross profit compare to the industry standard of 30% if it has annual sales of $400,000 and cost of goods sold is $260,000?
A. 35% higher
B. 5% lower
C. 35% lower
D. 5% higher
99. Which of the following factors is associated with innovative organizations:
A. Leadership gaps
B. Change avoidance
C. Adaptability
D. Fear motivated
100. Antonio has been tasked with helping the accounting staff at his company make the transition to a new record-keeping software. He has been instructed to facilitate training sessions, answer employee questions, and show the staff how the new software will help make their jobs easier. Antonio is performing __________ management.
A. change
B. inventory
C. operations
D. supply chain
Test Sample 2017
Entrepreneurship Exam
1. Which of the following is a legal concept that affects businesses that operate in foreign countries:
A. Sovereign immunity
B. Eminent domain
C. Absolute privilege
D. Social responsibility
2. The ABC Company published an incorrect statement about the quality of the Marston Company's product. As a result, Marston's sales have dramatically decreased. This is an example of a legal tort related to
A. infringement.
B. privacy.
C. defamation.
D. trespassing.
3. Which of the following is an example of consideration in a contract:
A. Promising to make a gift
B. Putting the price in writing
C. Selling an item for $500
D. Giving away an item worth $500
4. What federal law prohibits businesses from asking potential employees about their medical history?
A. National Labor Relations Act
B. Vocational Rehabilitation Act
C. Fair Labor Standards Act
D. Americans with Disabilities Act
5. Erick and Jacob are college graduates who want to open an accounting firm. However, Erick has a fulltime position that he plans to continue but still wants to be a part of this business venture. Which form of business ownership would you recommend to Erick and Jacob?
A. Consolidation
B. General partnership
C. Limited partnership
D. Open corporation
6. The goal of channels of distribution is to move products from producers to
A. intermediaries.
B. final consumers.
C. industrial distributors.
D. middlemen.
7. To build and repair bridges, Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams from Horton Manufacturing. In this situation, Campbell Construction Company is the
A. wholesaler.
B. industrial user.
C. producer.
D. indirect agent.
8. Which of the following is a criterion that an investment company might use to evaluate the performance of its independent agents:
A. Inventory level
B. Customer service
C. Business plan
D. Operating policy
9. When preparing a long, complex report, it is generally a good idea to include a background statement about the purpose of the report in the
A. body of the report.
B. letter of transmittal.
C. executive summary.
D. writer's recommendations.
10. When a business publicly pledges to provide all of its customers with quick, courteous service, the company is
A. stating industry policies.
B. developing a campaign platform.
C. making a brand promise.
D. establishing product position.
11. In a private enterprise economic system, the interaction of supply and demand primarily determines
A. the extent of pollution.
B. economic choices.
C. product prices.
D. government regulation.
12. One of the reasons that government's role in business has expanded is that
A. people's attitudes have changed.
B. products have become very technical.
C. costs of production have continued to increase.
D. competition in the marketplace has increased.
13. The U.S. government sets aside some of its income from payroll taxes to fund Social Security, which is a program that aims to ensure that elderly and disabled people do not live in poverty. This is an example of
A. a trust fund.
B. income tax.
C. the national debt.
D. defense spending.
14. Small businesses have a positive effect on the local community because they
A. reduce competition.
B. pay taxes.
C. limit job growth.
D. charge interest.
15. Which of the following is an example of a businessperson developing cultural sensitivity:
A. Taking a course in ancient history
B. Practicing oral presentation skills
C. Learning differences in body language
D. Studying road maps of various countries
16. During a negotiation, each person decides to give up something to reach an agreement. This is often called a
A. dispute.
B. binding contract.
C. compromise.
D. lose-lose situation.
17. Communicating effectively, showing a sense of teamwork, and being a good negotiator are all ways to demonstrate which component of emotional intelligence?
A. Social management
B. Social awareness
C. Self-management
D. Self-awareness
18. Which of the following is not part of the price involved with making a vision into a reality:
A. Time
B. Money
C. Aspirations
D. Effort
19. Adaptable people commit to their goals and never give up because they have
A. positivity.
B. attentiveness.
C. persistence.
D. a sense of humor.
20. A major benefit of receiving recognition for your efforts and contributions is that it
A. allows you to relax.
B. gives you motivation.
C. helps you learn.
D. provides a good example.
21. What is one reason why many people decide to become entrepreneurs?
A. Flexibility
B. Long hours
C. Less risk
D. Less responsibility
22. Mike is thinking about expanding his manufacturing business internationally. Which of the following is a risk he might encounter:
A. Encountering new markets
B. Dealing with cultural and language barriers
C. Dealing with fewer government regulations
D. Saving money on taxes
23. Claire needs to determine the feasibility of a new venture idea. What are three factors that Claire should consider when conducting her feasibility study?
A. The venture's staffing needs, raw material needs, and estimated return on investment
B. The venture's staffing needs, raw material needs, and past sales
C. The venture's staffing needs, estimated return on investment, and past sales
D. The venture's raw material needs, estimated return on investment, and past sales
24. What type of planning involves setting short-term goals for a new business venture?
A. Tactical
B. Strategic
C. Systematic
D. Environmental
25. Which of the following is an effective, inexpensive external resource that entrepreneurs use to research and develop the venture's concept:
A. The Internet
B. Marketing research firm
C. Focus groups
D. Professional consultants
26. When developing a business plan for a new venture, an entrepreneur should include a comprehensive description of the customers the new business wants to attract in the
A. market-segment analysis.
B. SWOT analysis.
C. promotional plan.
D. corporate philosophy summary.
27. What important factors should a small-business owner consider when deciding if s/he should hire an additional employee?
A. Necessary skills and affordability
B. Property taxes and benefits
C. Screening process and skill set
D. Training needs and attitude
28. Because Connor does not know how to prepare his start-up company's tax return, he decides to outsource the activity by contracting a(n)
A. probate attorney.
B. licensed accountant.
C. trusted colleague.
D. insurance agent.
29. When a new business is growing quickly, which of the following activities will increase new employees' productivity levels in order to maintain adequate supply for increasing demand:
A. Management changes
B. Equipment improvements
C. Challenging quotas
D. Comprehensive training
30. The AMR Company, a growing start-up business, plans to create a new position and hire a person who will focus on creating new products. This person is an example of which type of resource:
A. Temporary
B. Human
C. Analytical
D. Intangible
31. Which of the following is a change in the business environment that most start-up ventures must continuously monitor:
A. Geography
B. International trends
C. Manufacturing processes
D. Technology
32. After preparing her business's cash flow statement, Jackie determines that the business will have a deficit for the next few weeks. What is the best way for Jackie to cover her expenses?
A. Sell assets
B. Close the business temporarily
C. Hire additional salespeople
D. Obtain a loan
33. A characteristic of managerial accounting is that it focuses on
A. capturing the business's day-to-day financial activities.
B. reporting the business's long-term investment goals.
C. developing the business's annual report.
D. preparing and submitting the business's tax forms.
34. Which of the following often provides trade credit to businesses:
A. Wholesalers
B. Corporations
C. Investors
D. Financiers
35. If a business negotiates a 3.6% discount rate and has credit card sales this month of $78,450, what amount does it owe the bank?
A. $2,902.65
B. $2,745.75
C. $2,667.30
D. $2,824.20
36. Calculate the amount of additional capital a business needs to obtain in order to purchase a new piece of equipment that costs $250,000 if a bank will loan 75% of the price and the business has $20,000 in available cash.
A. $25,000
B. $42,500
C. $62,500
D. $75,000
37. What is often the best source of credit for business start-ups?
A. Traditional lenders
B. Commercial banks
C. Stock market
D. State or local governments
38. A small restaurant wants to expand, but first it needs to raise funds. John wants to raise capital through debt financing, but his partner, Damien, isn't sure that's a good idea. What is one downside of debt financing that Damien could cite to prove his point to John?
A. Shareholders will own part of their business.
B. They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount.
C. They will need to sell stock in their business.
D. They will be required to repay the money immediately.
39. Determine a business's ROE (return on equity) given the following information: Revenue: $29,261; Net Income: $4,212; Assets: $27,987; Shareholders' Equity: $13,572; Net Profit Margin: 14.39%; Asset Turnover: 1.0455; Equity Multiplier: Assets 2.0621
A. 15.04%
B. 31.02%
C. 29.67%
D. 12.85%
40. A characteristic of a business's current assets that are listed on financial statements is that they are
A. liquid.
B. intangible.
C. fixed.
D. depreciated.
41. What is the base amount used for vertical analysis of items on the income statement?
A. Total assets
B. Total income
C. Total liabilities and equity
D. Net sales
42. Which of the following equations should employees know when they are verifying the accuracy of a business's balance sheet:
A. Owner's Equity = Available Cash - Liabilities
B. Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity
C. Assets = Owner's Equity - Liabilities
D. Owner's Equity = Liabilities + Available Cash
43. When determining its hiring needs, a business must first consider its financial status and its __________ needs.
A. productivity
B. secondary
C. uniform
D. temporary
44. When a supervisor notifies employees that their performance is below standards and their jobs are in jeopardy, the supervisor should
A. post the notice on the bulletin board.
B. email the employees.
C. give verbal notification only.
D. put the notice in writing.
45. Which of the following is a personnel record that businesses usually maintain:
A. Office newsletters
B. Safety regulations
C. Payroll stubs
D. Job applications
46. One reason why it is important for managers to supervise staff is to provide __________ for employees.
A. privacy
B. job shadowing
C. compensation
D. structure
47. Consistency is important when taking remedial action so that
A. employees are aware of behavior that is likely to result in discipline.
B. employees do not suffer severe psychological damage.
C. further problems with the employee can be avoided.
D. charges of favoritism can be prevented.
48. What is one way that a business might use marketing information?
A. To develop new products
B. To interpret findings
C. To calculate statistics
D. To identify new vendors
49. How could a business use marketing-research data it has gathered about the average age, income, educational levels, and spending patterns of area consumers?
A. To develop a profile of the typical customer
B. To create a mailing list for the business
C. To identify problems within the business
D. To establish an appropriate operating budget
50. Which of the following is an action that can help a business safeguard its reputation:
A. Delivering products with unpredictable quality
B. Fixing mistakes consistently and quickly
C. Using high-pressure sales techniques
D. Implementing minimal touch points to connect with customers
51. Which of the following is a true statement concerning marketing strategies:
A. There is a formula for selecting the best strategies.
B. Successful strategies should be made permanent.
C. Marketing strategies can be changed as needed.
D. Companies in the same industry use the same strategies.
52. The customers or potential customers for a good or service are known as a(n)
A. market.
B. corporate chain.
C. economic system.
D. cooperative.
53. When identifying a target market, businesses often create a record of information such as age, income level, ethnic background, occupation, and attitudes, which is known as a
A. demographic breakdown.
B. customer profile.
C. preference list.
D. consumer composite.
54. When setting marketing objectives, a business should make sure that they are
A. timely and costly.
B. qualitative and general.
C. flexible and incompatible.
D. measurable and achievable.
55. A controversial way for an organization to collect data on consumer purchasing habits and use the data to assess advertising objectives is by using
A. indirect response techniques.
B. detailed consumer questionnaires.
C. random telephone surveys.
D. online tracking devices.
56. What do businesses develop to be able to link performance measures to the financial outcomes of marketing?
A. Positioning procedures
B. Operational tactics
C. Quantifying strategies
D. Bookkeeping methods
57. To justify spending money on marketing activities, marketers often translate the performance measures of those activities into
A. financial outcomes.
B. operating budgets.
C. sales forecasts.
D. variable expenses.
58. A primary purpose of data mining is to
A. summarize ideas.
B. stabilize sales.
C. develop services.
D. discover relationships.
59. Trends indicate that a large segment of the population is between 60 and 70 years old. A hospitality/tourism business can act on this trend by
A. implementing a loyalty program for corporate business accounts.
B. selling international vacation packages to recent college graduates.
C. offering discounted hotel rates for guests who have children under the age of five.
D. developing tour products specifically designed to appeal to retirees.
60. Companies obtain internal information about their various business activities to operate effectively by monitoring
A. trade publications.
B. internal records.
C. industry trends.
D. government statistics.
61. Your statistical findings show that the mean and the median of the following data are the same: Data Set A: 2, 5, 8, 10, 10 Data Set B: 7, 7, 7, 7, 7 Data Set A: Mean = 7, Median = 7 Data Set B: Mean = 7, Median = 7 Just by looking at the data, you can tell the data results are quite different. What statistic do you need to use to show that difference?
A. Average
B. Variance
C. Geometric mean
D. Measure of central tendency
62. Tim works for a manufacturer that produces food items. He manages the flow of products from production to consumption. He decides where and how to store the products as well as how and when to transport them to customers. In which part of operations does Tim work?
A. Quality inspection
B. Scheduling
C. Logistics
D. Quality assurance
63. Which of the following is a type of intangible property that businesses often establish policies to protect:
A. Inventory methods
B. Production systems
C. Trade secrets
D. Delivery routes
64. Doormats, carpeting, telephones, and cleaning chemicals are all items that an office might buy for
A. negotiations.
B. production.
C. business use.
D. competitive bidding.
65. Businesses often evaluate vendor performance after orders have been delivered to
A. identify the most capable suppliers.
B. establish product specifications.
C. negotiate future discounts.
D. organize the receiving areas.
66. Popping Good Popcorn has been in business for more than 30 years, producing popcorn that is sold at county fairs and local supermarkets. To remain competitive without spending an excessive amount of money, Popping Good can
A. produce more popcorn.
B. update the product.
C. design new products.
D. change production methods.
67. One of the most important reasons why management often focuses on improving quality throughout the organization is to
A. delegate authority.
B. allocate resources.
C. implement change.
D. remain competitive.
68. Operating costs that fluctuate with changes in production are called __________ expenses.
A. capital
B. fixed
C. variable
D. total
69. One way that businesses can control operating expenses is to
A. organize inventory space.
B. buy in small quantities.
C. obtain credit.
D. lease equipment.
70. The three types of flows in supply chain management are material flow, information flow, and __________ flow.
A. supply
B. inventory
C. money
D. distribution
71. Ken is a manager for a local company. He has collected bids from several area trucking companies and is currently comparing them with the invoices of the company's current trucking service to determine which one is the best transportation vendor for the company to use. Ken is analyzing business data in relation to
A. distribution.
B. product management.
C. financial resources.
D. production.
72. Every task in a business process should have defined roles and responsibilities, which can be documented in an ARCI matrix. ARCI stands for accountable, responsible, __________, and informed.
A. constant
B. consulted
C. collaborative
D. controlled
73. Stress and fatigue are __________ factors that can affect business process design.
A. technological
B. human
C. regulatory
D. government
74. When employees use mobile devices to access work information from out of the office, they often
A. get viruses on their mobile devices.
B. protect company data more than they would in the office.
C. purposely share company data with non-employees.
D. put company data at risk by using unsecured Wi-Fi networks.
75. Which of the following is a common risk of innovation:
A. Competitive advantage
B. Economic downturn
C. Paradigm shift
D. Loss of jobs
76. A person stopping to buy a bouquet of flowers from a street vendor is making a(n) __________ decision.
A. major
B. important
C. urgent
D. routine
77. Corporate governance is intended to
A. defend the company in court.
B. decrease the accountability of a company.
C. promote the company to customers.
D. mitigate risk and avoid problems.
78. Which of the following is considered the owner of a corporation:
A. Lower level employees
B. Managers
C. The president
D. Stockholders
79. What do businesses often do depending on the circumstances they face in the marketplace at any one time?
A. Offer discounts
B. Reduce expenses
C. Increase sales
D. Adjust prices
80. Which of the following is an example of an ongoing process that businesses can use to recognize product opportunities:
A. Talking with customers and employees
B. Reviewing sales forecasts
C. Analyzing corporate objectives
D. Adding items to the product mix
81. Coca-Cola, Minute Maid frozen orange juice, Fruitopia, and Powerade sports drink are all examples of the Coca-Cola Company's product
A. items.
B. recalls.
C. mix.
D. lines.
82. When determining the particular services to provide to customers, businesses consider their __________ and __________ resources.
A. unimportant, environmental
B. human, unimportant
C. environmental, financial
D. financial, human
83. One reason why it is important for businesses to identify service standards is to make sure those standards are
A. higher than customer expectations.
B. easy to achieve.
C. described in the operating manual.
D. printed on all invoices.
84. A primary reason for providing customer service is to increase
A. the number of salespeople.
B. sales volume.
C. employee responsibility.
D. the use of facilities.
85. What might your business do if a competitor is using a brand mark and a brand name that are similar to your business's leading private brand?
A. Take the competitor's actions as a compliment
B. Market the leading brand as usual
C. Assume that brand recognition will continue
D. Take legal action to protect the brand
86. The marketing function that helps sellers to provide information to buyers about the seller's products is
A. financing.
B. distribution.
C. purchasing.
D. promotion.
87. Which of the following is an example of a transit advertising media:
A. Opt-in email
B. Radio
C. Broadcast
D. Hot-air balloon
88. When is the use of email an effective direct-advertising strategy?
A. A business wants to be sure people read the message.
B. The message appeals to a small audience interested in a specific product.
C. The message appeals only to people who have computers.
D. The message is too short for surface mailing.
89. Ben recently purchased a cell phone. The manufacturer provided a form and a special code with the phone's packaging. Ben completed the form, copied his sales receipt, and mailed these items back to the manufacturer along with the part of the packaging that contained the special code. Within six weeks, Ben received a $50 check from the phone manufacturer. What type of sales-promotion technique was used?
A. Sweepstakes
B. Coupon
C. Rebate
D. Warranty
90. Which of the following is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world:
A. Consumer pressure
B. Weather patterns
C. Outdated technology
D. Currency fluctuations
91. It is important for companies to practice enterprise risk management (ERM) because
A. it increases business costs in the long run.
B. it leads to loss of shareholder value.
C. most risks are unexpected.
D. most risks are predictable and manageable.
92. Eddie is a small business owner. Every year, he identifies potential problems that could harm his company and takes steps to prepare for them. In other words, Eddie conducts
A. managerial accounting.
B. a risk assessment.
C. a financial calculation.
D. entrepreneurship.
93. The effect that selling should have on customer purchase decisions is to __________ those decisions.
A. personalize
B. determine
C. compel
D. influence
94. As a manager at WorkSocks, Inc., Carla has been told by her supervisor that production on sock puppets must begin immediately. After training a group of her best workers, Carla has moved them from the wool sock room to the puppet room to begin work. At what level of management is Carla's position?
A. Mid-level
B. Middle
C. Executive
D. Supervisory
95. One of the main reasons why owners develop a business plan before starting a new business is to
A. organize production processes.
B. estimate financial needs.
C. identify qualified workers.
D. prepare operating manuals.
96. To prevent viruses and spyware from infecting his business's computer network, Chuck built a network firewall. Chuck acted
A. carelessly.
B. reactively.
C. haphazardly.
D. proactively.
97. The SQZ Company uses a computer application that allows managers to view the number of callers that are currently in queue and waiting for a customer-service representative to help them. This is an example of a
A. forecast.
B. projectory.
C. dashboard.
D. capillary.
98. Some general guidelines for creating a successful business plan include making the plan clear and concise, making the plan focused, and making the plan
A. as long as possible.
B. realistic.
C. idealistic.
D. complicated.
99. For successful innovation in the workplace, employees should have a desire to learn and be willing to
A. follow procedures.
B. accept change.
C. exhibit bias.
D. suppress ideas.
100. Antonio has been tasked with helping the accounting staff at his company make the transition to a new record-keeping software. He has been instructed to facilitate training sessions, answer employee questions, and show the staff how the new software will help make their jobs easier. Antonio is performing __________ management.
A. human resource
B. change
C. operations
D. supply chain