Test 1022
Finance Cluster Exam
1. D
Minors. Businesses usually are prevented from entering into legally binding contracts with certain groups of people because these people are not considered to have the capacity to understand the consequences of their actions. One of these groups includes minors, those people under the legal age. In most cases, minors cannot enter into legally binding contracts because they are not old enough to be responsible for the consequences. Businesses usually may enter into legally binding contracts with people who are adults, older than the legal age, regardless of whether they are foreigners, senior citizens, or tourists.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business in action (4th ed.) [pp. 381-382]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
2. B
Set water quality standards for industry. Setting water quality standards is part of the agency's emphasis on society's health. The EPA has no authority over where you get your water supply or how much you use. While the agency may test pollution levels in rivers and streams, it has no interest in the water levels that are found there.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. (n.d.). What are water quality standards? Retrieved September 20, 2009, from http://www.epa.gov/waterscience/standards/about/
3. B
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act repeals part of the Glass-Stegall Act of 1933 by allowing different types of financial institutions to form mergers or consolidate. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the disclosure of certain financial information, regulates the issuance of securities, and outlaws insider-trading practices. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 regulates corporations' and public accounting firms' activities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/gramm-leach-bliley-act-of-1999
4. A
Charitable donation. Gifts are money, financial products, or property given to an individual or organization. Some gifts, such as charitable donations, are tax deductible. This means that the donor pays a reduced amount of tax or is exempt from paying the tax, depending on the type and value of the gift. Vacation homes, stocks, and inherited items are taxable gifts.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2008, October 27). Frequently asked questions on gift taxes. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.irs.gov/ businesses/small/article/0,,id=108139,00.html#3
5. D
Conduct a compliance audit. Financial-services businesses must follow many government regulations. These regulations affect the way that businesses record and report financial data. To ensure that the business is following all of the regulations, the business should conduct a compliance audit. A comprehensive compliance audit can detect discrepancies and problems. For example, a compliance audit might indicate that updated compliance software will resolve or correct a noncompliance issue. Developing a business plan and monitoring service procedures are not actions that will ensure that the business is following government regulations.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Beaumier, C. (2007, June). How to audit compliance in the financial services industry. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.knowledgeleader.com/KnowledgeLeader/content.nsf/dce93ca8c1f384d68625714 20036f06c/914cac74cb8c8d0f88257345007cf3ca/$FILE/How%20to%20Audit%20Complianc e%20in%20the%20Financial%20Services%20Industry.pdf
6. D
Implement security policies. Businesses have an ethical responsibility to maintain the privacy of their customers' financial information. Businesses must take precautions to ensure that customers' credit, loan, and other types of financial data are kept confidential. To maintain confidentiality, businesses must develop and implement security policies. The policies may restrict the employees' access to customers' financial information. The policies may also involve the use of computer safety measures, such as firewalls and encryption techniques. Collection procedures are the activities that the business uses to collect funds owed by others. Developing collection procedures, monitoring competitors' activities, and reviewing inventory systems are not actions that will help businesses protect the privacy of their customers' financial information.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 355-359). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
7. B
Oral directions. When a manager tells an employee to take charge of a project, the employee is receiving oral directions. When a person speaks, s/he is not giving nonverbal directions or written directions. Directions for taking charge of a project are not social directions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
8. B
Listen with empathy. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Listening with empathy helps the listener to understand the speaker's point of view. You should stand a reasonable distance from the speaker. Standing too close may be interpreted as aggressiveness. If you are thinking about what you will say next, you may not hear everything that the speaker says. Background noise exists in all environments and cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 258-259]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
9. B
Enunciation. Proper enunciation involves clearly and distinctly voicing the sounds of words. Using proper enunciation is important when giving verbal presentations because it makes it easier for listeners to understand the message. Pronunciation is the manner of saying words. Vocabulary includes all words understood by an individual. Tone communicates emotions and attitudes through the voice.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: eHow, Inc. (1999-2009). How to enuciate. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2092518_enunciate.html
10. A
Speak loudly enough for the audience to hear the message. When making an oral presentation to a group, the speaker should speak loudly enough for everyone in the audience to hear what s/he is saying. If audience members cannot hear what the speaker is saying, they might misunderstand or misinterpret the message. A speaker should try not to turn away from the audience when presenting visual aids and should maintain eye contact with the audience. Because swaying back and forth can distract the audience, the speaker should avoid this type of movement.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 95]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. A
Memorandums. Memorandums are the main form of written communication within a business. Memorandums are informal letters or notes between a company's employees. Letters are the principal form of written communication between businesses. Telephone calls and staff meetings are not forms of written communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 298-299]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. A
Analytic. Informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver. Analytic messages specifically communicate information that the message sender or someone else has evaluated, compiled, or interpreted, which gives the message meaning. For example, if a manager writes a memo stating that a project is over budget and backs up the statement with numerical data and examples, the manager is providing evaluative (analytic) information. Explanatory messages simply state information in a neutral and objective way. The simplicity or complexity of an evaluative message depends on the message topic.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 217-218]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. C
Less formal. A simple, or short, report is less formal than a long, or complex, report. It is often presented in a memo form so that the recipients can read it quickly and use the information in their decision making. A simple report is less comprehensive than a complex report.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 366-367]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
14. A
Grapevine. Grapevine communication exists in most companies. It is an informal, oral communication method in which information is passed around the company but not formally announced or verified. The direction of information flow may be either vertical or horizontal.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 11-13]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. C
Create positive customer/client relations. Policies that establish appropriate attitudes toward customers/clients help to ensure that employees will treat customers in a way that will create positive relations. Such policies do not prevent all conflict with customers/clients because they do not guarantee that the business can always do what the customer wants. These policies are not established for the purpose of making employees' jobs easier. Customer objections are reasons customers have for not buying, and they are handled with selling techniques that may involve disagreeing politely with the customer.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2000). Customer service: Business 2000 (pp. 8, 88-89). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
16. C
Silent. Silent customers are shy, insecure, or too sensitive to talk very much even when they need help. The stock broker may have difficulty meeting the needs of this kind of customer because it is hard to identify those needs. Customers who are patient, agreeable, and decisive are much easier to help.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
17. C
Determining each customer’s needs. Customer complaints often occur when customers make improper buying decisions or are inconvenienced. Bank tellers can help customers avoid dissatisfaction by accurately determining their needs and serving them promptly. Asking customers personal questions about their ethnicity is illegal. Pressuring customers to open new accounts will result in complaints if the accounts fail to meet customer needs. The bank teller should discuss only the bank products applicable to each customer rather than discussing all bank products.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [p. 152]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
18. A
Be honest, open, and trustworthy. While it is important for finance professionals to help their clients manage their finances and grow their wealth, it is also important that they earn their clients' trust. Finance professionals earn their clients' trust by behaving ethically and being honest and open. By doing so, finance professionals are more likely to build long-term relationships with their clients. Finance professionals must help clients set financial goals with which the clients are comfortable—some clients can or want to make risky investments, while others take a more conservative approach. Earning trust and helping clients meet their financial goals also involve ongoing, consistent, and frequent communication with their clients. Requiring clients to sign a short-term contract will not always help finance professionals build long-term relationships with their clients.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 235-238). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
19. D
Update their databases. Businesses use data-cleansing applications to ensure that their customer databases contain useful, relevant, and accurate data. The data-cleansing process removes duplicate records, updates expired data, and completes incomplete data fields. When a business's database is current and up-t o-date, it can generate accurate reports that help the business make well-informed decisions. Businesses do not use data-cleansing applications to calculate statistical data.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Knol BETA. (2009). CRM data cleansing & management. Retrieved September 11, 2009, from http://knol.google.com/k/neil-sequeira/crm-data-cleansingmanagement/s2w9p78k2qby/1#
20. B
Specialty. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. The specialty item Keisha desires will take a lot of money and effort to acquire. A shopping good is a consumer good purchased after consumers compare goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Keisha is not concerned with price. A convenience good is a consumer good purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Keisha has put a lot of thought into this purchase. Industrial goods are purchased for resale, not consumer usage.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [p. 234]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
21. A
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. A layaway program makes it easier for a consumer to obtain possession. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Utility)
22. A
Buy less of the product. Likewise, if customers feel that the price is relatively low, they will buy more. Customers affect prices of products through the use of their economic votes—by deciding to buy or not to buy. Most retail prices are not negotiable or of interest to the Better Business Bureau, which tries to protect consumers from fraud. Many customers will complain about prices, but few would take the time to make a formal, written complaint.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 105). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
23. A
Obtain funding for supplies. With Rosita's pizza shop, financial analysis is used to obtain funding for supplies. Attracting customers is part of marketing. Overseeing a process is likely to take place within operations management, not financial analysis. And, developing recipes is part of operations management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
24. B
Risk. The external factors affecting profit include the economy, demand, and chance—not risk. Risk involves weighing the possible outcomes and choosing the result most likely to happen.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
25. B
Business risks. They fall into three general categories: human, economic, and natural. Some of these risks are insurable, and others are uninsurable risks. Liabilities are a business's debts or losses and can be the result of taking risks.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
26. D
Enrichment. Job enrichment involves adding interest and satisfaction to a task. Job analysis is a detailed study of a job. Job enlargement is adding more tasks to a worker's present job. Containment is a distractor.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Management-hub.com. (n.d.). Facilitating job enrichment and enlargement in human resources management. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.managementhub.com/hr-enrichment.html
27. B
To avoid double counting. Businesses produce a variety of goods that are used as components of other goods. To avoid including these intermediate goods in the GDP count, thereby inflating actual GDP, the intermediate goods are only included in the GDP count when they become components of their finished goods. Public goods are those items that are paid for with tax money, thus being "free" to anyone who wants to use them. They are only counted in GDP when they are finished goods. Welfare payments are not an aspect of finished goods. Inflation makes the value of a dollar worth less in the future than it is today.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 112-113]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
28. A
Communicating needs effectively. When you are aware of your own emotions, you can speak about your needs and wants in an exact way. You won't describe your feelings in inadequate terms. Hence, Brent was enjoying the advantage of communicating his needs effectively. In this situation, Brent was not understanding or responding to others' needs or difficulties, nor was he responding to criticism.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
29. D
An employee's completing an inventory assignment on time. An employee's completing an inventory assignment on time is not necessarily the result of initiative since the person is performing basic job expectations. Added responsibility, higher job evaluation ratings, and various awards are direct results of demonstrating initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
30. D
Get promoted. How employees behave and how they treat other people at work can affect how successful they become in their chosen career. It can determine whether they receive a promotion, a raise, or the opportunity to work on a particular project. How employees behave and how they treat other people does not have an effect on whether they earn vacation time, receive benefits, or receive fair wages.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
31. B
Being receptive to change helps employees to be successful. The business world is dynamic and constantly changing. To be successful, employees must be able to adapt to it. An employee cannot change others—the desire to change must come from within oneself. Employees accept change with less resistance if they are prepared for it in advance.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 484-488). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
32. B
Use tact when speaking. Tact is the ability to do or to say the right thing in any circumstance. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Using tact is one way to demonstrate empathy. Developing a good imagination and keeping an open mind are ways to develop empathy. To sympathize with a coworker is to feel sorry for that person.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
33. C
Nonverbal. Nonverbal communication transmits a message without the use of words. Verbal communication is carried out by speaking. Smiling at customers and looking them in the eye is a positive approach. However, this cannot be called effective communication since it is limited.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 317-320]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
34. C
Fight or flight. The fight or flight response is the normal human reaction to feeling "under attack." The human body reacts to stress by preparing for defense or retreat. Eustress is the term for "good" stress that keeps us alert. Over-reaction and stimulus responses do not describe the physiological response to stress that results in feeling defensive.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Yamauchi, K.T. (n.d.). Stress management: Ten self-care techniques. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.reachoutmichigan.org/learn/stresmgt.html
35. D
A goal is concrete and measurable. A goal and a vision are two different things. A goal is a concrete achievement that you want to complete. Goals tend to be more specific and measurable than visions. Since a goal is specific, it means the same thing to all people. It isn't abstract and indefinite like a vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This
36. B
People will be able to depend on you. Taking full responsibility for your own actions and never blaming others for your mistakes means you are reliable. People will know they can depend on you to do what you say you will do. This does not help you to be objective or enthusiastic, and it will not keep people from trying to take advantage of you.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
37. A
Payment to be made at a future date. A benefit of credit to customers is that they can make purchases and take possession of the goods or services without having to make payment at the time of purchase. Sometimes, credit is offered with deferred interest charges or a scheduled payment plan, but this is not always the case. A credit customer may be asked for identification, especially if s/he is not carrying the appropriate credit card or credit identification.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 429). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. D
College fund. In many cases, paying for college is a future financial need for which many individuals and married couples plan. In order to make sure sufficient money will be available to pay for college, individuals often establish a college fund. This may be set up with a bank or an investment company. People often set aside a certain amount to invest on a monthly basis so the fund will have a certain value by the time it is needed to pay college expenses. A living will involves a person's wishes concerning medical issues. A line of credit is a type of loan. A checking account is used to manage current income and expenses.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 266). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. C
Getting started early. Getting started early is the key to successful investing. The sooner you begin to take advantage of the compounding growth of the stock market, the better. Compounding is your best friend because, right now, time is on your side. As a teenager, you have more years ahead of you to invest than your grandparents, your parents, and even your older siblings. Inflation is an increase in the cost of goods and services. Opportunity costs are the trade-offs that occur when you choose one alternative over another; they are impossible to avoid. The rule of 72 is a trick for determining how long it will take to double your money at a certain interest or return rate.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
40. C
Financial intermediaries. Intermediaries (middlemen) help move financial products between producers and end users. Commercial banks, brokerage firms, financial-planning firms, insurance institutions, and credit unions are examples of financial intermediaries. Legislative groups (e.g., U.S. Congress) develop and pass laws. A nonprofit organization is a business or organization whose intent is to make enough money to support its mission.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2009). Financial intermediary. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/financial-intermediary.html
41. C
Soft commodities. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including the commodities market. Commodities are resources, including agricultural goods and mined goods (e.g., gold, silver) that are often used to make other goods. Agricultural goods such as cocoa beans and corn are types of soft commodities. Money markets facilitate the buying and selling of short -term, low-risk financial products (e.g., treasury bills). Selective property and insurance do not describe types of financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (n.d.). Soft commodity. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from: http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/softcommodity.asp
42. C
Financial holding company. Because financial holding companies provide a wide variety of financial services and related products, the Federal Reserve Board supervises their activities. The primary services that an accounting firm provides include accounting, tax preparation, auditing, and bookkeeping services. Some financial holding companies may offer accounting services. Commodities investors invest their funds in goods (futures) such as grains, livestock, raw materials, etc.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Financial holding company (FHC). Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/financial-holding-company-fhc
43. B
An individual buys 10 shares of stock for $150 per share on one market, and immediately sells each share for $200 on another market. Arbitrage is profiting from the sale of a financial instrument (e.g., stock) or good on a different market. Arbitrage often involves the buying and selling of goods and other types of services. For example, a person who buys a set of football tickets from a sport organization for $100 and sells them on E-bay to another person for $500 is engaging in arbitrage. When an individual earns interest on his/her money by agreeing to leave it in a financial institution for a certain timeframe, s/he is investing in a certificate of deposit. Businesses that set aside money for their employees' retirement are contributing to a pension plan. A business that sells bonds is using debt financing to raise funds for its expansion efforts.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (n.d.). What is arbitrage? Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://economics.about.com/cs/finance/a/arbitrage_3.htm
44. D
Unstable stock markets in a transitional economy. Emerging markets are growing markets (e.g., stock, bond, commodities, etc.) that result when a country initiates reforms that move it from a closed economy to an open or market economy. Because the markets are new, they are untried and relatively unstable, which is a high risk for investors. However, these markets also have the potential to provide investors with high returns, as the country's business activity increases and its economy grows. Developing countries tend to experience gains in gross domestic product due to higher production and business activity, which is often facilitated by high foreign investment. The infrastructure of developing countries often improves when the government and investors provide the financial resources to support it.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Charles Schwab. (2009). Glossary: Emerging market. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.schwab.com/public/schwab/home/new_to_investing/glossary?cmsid=P2877087&lvl1=home&lvl2=new_to_investing#e
45. C
The annual report. Form 10-K is the annual report that a company must file with the SEC. It is less attractive than the annual report that companies send to their shareholders. Form 10-Q is a quarterly report. The bottom line and cash flow statements appear in 10-Ks.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
46. C
It's a well-established company. Typically, well-established companies are the ones that pay dividends. Companies that are still growing tend to put their profits back into their companies and, therefore, do not pay dividends. Whether or not a company is trying to rid itself of cash, or is paying back a loan, cannot be determined by the numbers in the dividend column of a stock table.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
47. C
Over a period of time. Watching numbers over a period of time is a good idea because investors can get a sense of what is normal for a stock price. Looking at the numbers once a year, on a given day, or when dividends are paid does not give you enough time to obtain this kind of information.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
48. D
Health. Health insurance pays for different kinds of medical care, depending upon the type of policy. A basic policy might cover minimum medical expenses, while a policy that has major medical coverage might cover the entire bill. Disability insurance provides income for ill or injured workers while they are off the job. Homeowner's insurance protects the homeowner's personal property and home. Liability insurance protects against lawsuits that result from injuries to others.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 449-451). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
Purchasing insurance. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Purchasing insurance does not prevent or control disaster, but it can protect the business from financial loss if a disaster occurs. The other alternatives are actions the business can take that may help to prevent losses, but they do not transfer the risk to another business.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Seleshanko, K. (n.d.). Protect your business with insurance and risk management. Retrieved September 24, 2009, from http://www.business.com/directory/financial_services/commercial_finance/treasury/insurance _and_risk_management/
50. A
Current assets. Assets are anything of value the business owns. Current assets would include cash on hand, accounts receivable, and inventory owned by the business. Income is money received by a business or an individual from an outside source. Liabilities are debts that the business owes.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
51. B
Monitor. Many businesses know that there are times when they will have cash shortages and other times when they will have cash surpluses. In order to stay in business, these firms monitor their cash flow to be able to operate even when sales are down. They plan to put money aside when there are surpluses in order to cover expenses when there are cash shortages. Businesses often are unable to control their cash flow because it may depend on when their customers pay them. Businesses do not spend all of their cash but save some for times of shortages. Businesses are not able to invest cash unless they have a surplus.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
52. C
Insurance payments. The operating-expenses category of an income statement includes all the expenses incurred from keeping a business's doors open. Some examples include insurance payments, wages, utilities, and rent. The business pays these expenses in order to operate. The operating-expense category does not cover the cost of goods sold/cost of sales, which includes such expenses as shipping charges to obtain goods for resale, cost of raw materials to produce goods, and items returned by customers.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
53. C
Accounts receivable. Money owed to the business is known as accounts receivable. Equity refers to assets the business already owns. Assets are things the business owns that are of value. Accounts payable refers to money the business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
54. B
Transparent. When financial information is fully disclosed and is presented in a clear, understandable way, it is transparent. Transparent information is not buried in a document or presented in a way that deliberately confuses the reader. Comparable information exists when the data from the report relate to other information. Timely information is current or up-to-date. Flexible data are often used in or applicable to different situations. Alana's report may or may not contain flexible, comparable, or timely information.
SOURCE: FM:001
SOURCE: BasicCollegeAccounting.com. (2006, November 10). Main qualitative characteristics of financial statement. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://basiccollegeaccounting.com/main-qualitative -characteristics-of-financial-statement/
55. B
Inaccurate data. When companies fail to maintain and update their financial information, they have inaccurate data. Companies look at all types of financial data to make business decisions. When business decisions are based on inaccurate or incorrect information, it could be very costly to the company. Ineffective leadership may be one reason why data are inaccurate. Simplified processes and understandable feedback are positive results of well-managed financial information.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 341-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
56. B
Ensure that they are complying with laws. Because large businesses process large amounts of financial transactions and other types of financial information, they use software programs to ensure that they are complying with the many laws they must follow. A virtual auditor is a type of compliance technology that continuously reviews financial transactions and processes to identify errors and/or compliance violations. By using this technology, the business is reducing its risk of penalties and fines that might result from noncompliance. Businesses use other types of computer software to detect correlations among customer data, calculate debt-equity ratios, and analyze financial statements.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Cummings, J. (2005, September 1). Upfront: Slow uptake for virtual audit tools. Retrieved July 22, 2009, from http://businessfinancemag.com/article/upfront-slow-uptake-virtual-audittools-0901
57. D
Identity theft. Identity theft is a fraud that occurs when an individual pretends to be another person in order to obtain money or some other type of benefit. With the widespread use of the Internet, hackers try to break into a business's computer system or web site to steal customers' financial information, such as bank account numbers or credit card information, which they then use to illegally obtain money or goods. To reduce the risk of identity theft due to computer hackers, businesses install firewalls, which are computer programs that secure and protect their computer networks from unauthorized users. Tax evasion occurs when an individual or business inaccurately reports or fails to pay taxes. An investment scam is a deceptive plan to use others' money for personal gain. A trade barrier is an action that blocks or restricts the exchange of goods or services.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 355-359). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
58. B
Digital microfilm scanner. Businesses must keep a variety of financial information for a certain length of time, often for several years. Many businesses have saved their archived financial information on microfilm. Microfilm is a type of film that stores photographed images and text in a condensed format for easy storage. A digital microfilm scanner can take existing microfilm, which is older technology, and convert it into a digital format. The advantage to switching microfilm records to a digital format is that businesses can easily view the data on computers and share information quickly through the Internet. Direct-response software is a computer program that helps businesses automate their direct-marketing efforts. Electronic data interchange (EDI) is a network of computers that allows businesses to share information. Businesses use web-development programs to develop and maintain web sites.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Canon. (2009). Can I convert microfilm to digital? Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.canonme.com/For_Work/Products/Document_Imaging_Systems/Digital_Microfilm_Scanners/index. asp
59. C
Predict trends. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. Often, businesses use the financial information that they obtain from data mining to predict trends. Businesses that predict and understand trends are in a better position to act and respond to changes that might affect them. Businesses do not use data mining to identify procedures, select intermediaries, or negotiate contracts.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital informationenvironment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
60. C
Expense. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Expenses are monies that the business spends. Because payroll involves providing money to employees for the work they complete, it is an expense. Income is the money received by a business from outside sources. Businesses generate income from sales, investments, interest, etc. Charges are fees. If the business charges customers for services, then it would be income. If the business must pay charges for goods or services, then the charges are expenses for the business.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2009). Business budget worksheet. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/businessbudgeting/a/budget_wksheet.htm
61. B
Leverage ratio. Computer software applications can calculate and summarize many types of financial data to facilitate the business's decision-making processes. A leverage or debt-equity ratio measures the business's level of debt in relation to its assets. Leverage is an important consideration when a business wants to issue stock or obtain a loan. Depreciation is the reduction in value of goods or assets occurring over time. A cash budget is an estimate of cash inflows for a specific time. Transaction costs are the cumulative expenses associated with a transaction (e.g., labor, equipment, etc.).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Mayo, H.B. (2007). Basic finance: An introduction to financial institutions, investments, & management (9th ed.) [p. 187]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. D
To evaluate the amount of money associated with inventory storage. To maintain profitability, a firm must evaluate its costs in relation to its various business functions, which include purchasing, marketing, human resources, operations, etc. Businesses often analyze the various costs associated with carrying products. For example, a temperature-sensitive product may require special warehousing accommodations, which increase the costs associated with storing the product. Businesses use accounts-receivable applications to determine the number of delinquent accounts. Income reports summarize income changes. Businesses use budgeting applications to estimate sales volume.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
63. B
Macro. A macro is a customized keystroke or shortcut that commands the database program to perform certain tasks automatically, such as inserting a specific table or bolding specific text. Using macros can increase efficiency when working with complex databases. The split function can divide text or cells. The break function inserts page breaks. The consolidate function combines data.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Microsoft Corporation. (n.d.). What is a macro? Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/access/HA012142021033.aspx
64. B
Accurate financial statements. Large corporations that sell stock to the public are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to accurately report their financial position to stockholders. Corporations usually do this by providing financial statements such as the income statement and balance sheet. As a result, corporations need to keep track of financial information and accurately report it in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Gitman, L. J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 212-217). Boston: Addison Wesley.
65. A
Net worth. Net worth is the total value of the business. A business determines its net worth by preparing various financial documents that indicate assets and liabilities. These documents should contain accurate information in order to correctly state the business's financial position. If the documents are incorrect, they may indicate that the business is worth more or less than it actually is. Accurately reporting its financial position does not indicate a business's sales forecast, price policy, or target market.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Gitman, L. J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 498-502). Boston: Addison Wesley.
66. B
Lower expenses. By monitoring its cash flow, a business can plan how and when it will pay its bills. If the amount of inflowing cash declines over an extended period of time, then the business might need to take steps to lower its expenses and costs, which might include ordering less inventory or laying off employees. If cash inflow steadily increases, then the business might consider expansion.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
67. C
External users. A business uses the financial accounting system to report its financial position to external users, those who are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the business. These financial accounting reports provide information about the profitability of the business that those outside the business, such as investors or creditors, might use to decide if they want to invest in the business or give the business a loan. Bookkeepers and regional managers are internal users. Businesses use the management accounting system to report the business's financial position to internal users.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [pp. 34-35]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. C
Improved forecasting. A trend is the direction in which something is moving. Internal and external financial information can help a business identify trends, such as changes in the overall economy or the business's sales, which can help the business forecast potential earnings more accurately. Trends may indicate increased profitability, but profitability cannot be ensured. Premiums are payments for insurance policies. Higher insurance premiums would be costly to the business. A liability is debt, usually money, the business owes.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 83). South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. B
Income, debt ratio, and credit rating. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a business considers several factors before it extends credit to its customers. Data such as the customer's income, debt ratio, and credit rating indicate to the business if the customer is a good credit risk or not. The customer's objectives and educational level are not primary considerations.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. C
Analyze variances. By comparing and contrasting two or more sets of financial data, a businessperson can determine if there are differences and patterns among the data. Detecting these differences and patterns facilitates business decision making, which may include making improvements, reducing costs, or changing processes.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2009). Conducting variance analysis. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel/HA011545141033.aspx
71. D
Employee recruitment. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of the business. An important aspect of the human resources function is seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees, which is employee recruitment. Technical investment, domain development, and equipment acquisition are not primary activities of the human resources function in business.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (p.199). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
72. B
Employee holiday party. An employee holiday party is not necessarily a touch point because it does not allow the company to connect with customers and potential customers. Interaction with a salesperson, seeing a television advertisement, and receiving a bill or invoice are all touch points businesses can utilize to reinforce company image to customers.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
73. A
"Home foreclosures"; Arkansas; years: 2000 OR 2010. When quotes are put around phrases, search engines will select only those websites containing the exact phrase. By putting Arkansas within the quotes, you would delete results that had Arkansas appearing after the phrase home foreclosures. Adding the year's designation before 2000 OR 2010, lets the computer know that you are not searching for footage, phone numbers, etc. By using OR rather than AND, the results will contain one or the other years; they would not need to contain both years for the websites to appear in the results.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (2009). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved September 21, 2009, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=136861
74. A
A government agency. A government agency, such as the Bureau of Labor Statistics, should contain unbiased, accurate information. A term paper and a personal blog would probably be biased based on the writer's viewpoint. Although Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, you might have received wiki information when it was inaccurate.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Claudia Chan, C.; Leung, J.; & Miu, S. (2008). Reliable websites: How to sort out the trustworthy sites and the dishonest ones. Retrieved September 21, 2009, from http://www.slideshare.net/guest4041d/reliable-websites-presentation
75. D
Reduce a business's risk. Informed business decisions are better decisions, and they reduce a business's risk. Informed decisions help businesses compete better. They may or may not cost less money.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
76. A
Analyze customer information. Database software programs are designed to sort, arrange, locate, and analyze a wide variety of information. Many businesses use database software to analyze information that relates to customers, such as their names, addresses, type of purchases, and amount spent. Then, this information can be used to identify customers who might be interested in specific products or who live in certain parts of the country. The business also can rearrange the information according to different criteria. Word-processing software programs are used to design stationery and prepare reports. Spreadsheet software is used for accounting purposes.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 163-165]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. A
Serial numbers. Businesses should record the serial numbers of all equipment. These are unique numbers that are used for identification purposes. Serial numbers are found on all types of business equipment and are useful when making equipment-related inquiries and when tracking stolen property. Inventory information deals with the materials a business needs for producing the goods or services it sells, or the items it buys to resell. Businesses do not need to know how equipment was produced, and it is not usually necessary to keep track of every mechanical repair.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
78. B
Cash flow. By monitoring its cash flow statement, Maxton Mart knows when it is running short on cash and can take needed steps to alleviate upcoming cash shortages. If necessary, Maxton Mart should be prepared to take out a short-term loan to cover inventory costs. The income statement provides a picture of a business's profit or loss conditions. The balance sheet shows a snapshot of the business's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Open-to-buy documents indicate how much money the business has to invest in additional inventory.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Mariotti, S., & Towle, T. (2006). Entrepreneurship: How to start and operate a small business (10th ed.) [p. 476]. New York: The National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, Inc.
79. B
Variance. Variance is a measure of how data points differ from the mean. Its calculation will help you to show others how dispersed the data were from the mean of 7. The mode, like the median and mean, is a measure of central tendency rather than depicting dispersion. The mode is the number that appears most often in the data results. A geometric mean is used in business to show average rates of growth. This, too, would be a measure of central tendency.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Knox, J.A. & Estrella, A. (2005, September 16). Introduction to statistics. Retrieved September 21, 2009, from http://math.about.com/gi/dynamic/offsite.htm?zi=1/XJ/Ya&sdn=math&zu=http%3A%2F%2Fic p.giss.nasa.gov%2Feducation%2Fstatistics%2F
80. A
All other parts of the business. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in all other parts of the business. This is because operations activities affect every other business function, including marketing, finance, human resources, etc. Depending on the business, operations managers may or may not work with managers in foreign markets. Operations managers do not work with managers at competitive businesses.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
81. C
Taking periodic inventory. Taking inventory is a necessary activity for most businesses, but it is not an accident-prevention measure. Training employees in safety precautions and the proper use of equipment should reduce the possibility of accidents. Correcting poor lighting and inspecting equipment regularly will help to prevent unsafe conditions that my lead to accidents.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 223-224). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. D
Theft by employees. Stealing cash is a way employees defraud businesses. They may take cash from the register or pocket the cash paid by customers for their purchases. Most businesses study register tapes, watch for suspicious refunds or voids, and use other methods to prevent thefts. Payroll fraud occurs in the payroll department when employees alter checks in their favor. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers. Liability insurance protects the business against injuries to customers or employees while on the premises.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 401-406). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
83. A
Employees B & C. An important part of developing a project plan is determining how much time it will take to perform and which employees are available to complete the project on time. If the business only has part -time employees, it needs to consider which combination of workers will be able to do the project within the one-week time frame. In this example, Employee B is working 3 1/2 hour days from 1 to 4:30 for a total of 17.5 hours a week. Employee C is working 4 1/2 hour days from 7:30 to 12 for a total of 22.5 hours a week. Together, these employees are working a 40-hour week (17.5 + 22.5 = 40). Employees A and D are each working three hours a day for a total of 15 hours a week.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Chapter 6: Cost management (2009). Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.stsc.hill.af.mil/resources/tech_docs/gsam4/chap6.pdf
84. B
Mass. Since GM would be making a large quantity of cars, it would want to use mass production. Mass production is used when a standardized item is produced in large quantities with interchangeable parts. Batch production involves producing items in specific amounts, usually for seasonal items. Unit or custom production is for individual and custom-produced items, such as a custom-tailored suit.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
85. C
Shoplifting. Businesses lose millions of dollars each year because of shoplifting. Salespeople can help discourage shoplifting by being alert on the job and watching for suspicious people. Preventing shoplifting helps businesses reduce the losses that they would incur if goods were stolen. Salespeople should encourage purchasing by customers. Salespeople's job is to sell. Discouraging exchanges would not control expenses.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 405-406). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
86. D
False, a business's poor housekeeping can damage the business. From the minute customers enter a business, they are aware of its appearance. If the business is dusty, dirty, or looks as though it is in need of cleaning, customers may not return. A business that does not build a clientele of repeat customers may not be successful, even if its prices are attractive. While housekeeping affects business success, it is seldom the most important factor.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
87. A
Long-term. Short -term, immediate, and intermediate goals are normally set for much shorter time periods such as a day, a week, or a month.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
88. D
Suggesting a new use for an existing product. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. The other alternatives are routine responses or job responsibilities.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
89. C
Holds the kind of job you want. Interviewing someone who currently holds the kind of job you want will yield information on career paths, preparation, advantages, and disadvantages of the career. Interviewing people who hire, used to be in that position, or are executives of the company may provide an incomplete picture of the career you are interested in.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 53-54). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. A
Flexibility and independence. Many individuals become entrepreneurs to enjoy greater flexibility and independence. Flexibility and independence allow an entrepreneur to manage his/her own work and time based on her/his needs and desires. While some entrepreneurs may look forward to other perks, such as purchasing and using advanced technology or enjoying tax breaks and deductions, neither of these is Michelle's motivation in becoming her own boss. As an entrepreneur, an individual must make a personal commitment to his/her business, which means putting in long hours and even weekends. Entrepreneurs seldom start their businesses simply to fulfill this personal commitment.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
91. B
I have skills that this company could use. Recognizing and appreciating your own skills gives you selfconfidence and helps you to present yourself well in a job interview. All of the other alternatives represent an over-confident or cocky attitude that is likely to make a negative impression on the interviewer.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-69]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. B
Banks, insurance companies, securities firms, and other financial institutions are often owned by a single large firm offering a complete range of financial services. Since deregulation of the financial-services industry in 1999 (the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act), financial-services providers are allowed to offer a broad range of services. Before deregulation, the industry was highly segmented, with separate businesses for separate services. A career as a securities broker can be pursued in many places, not just at a traditional financial-services firm on Wall Street. The financial-services industry is highly regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. B
Trade show. Trade shows usually are held for only a few days in convention centers or exhibition halls in large cities. Trade shows feature the latest goods and related items in a specific product category, and are good sources of information that can contribute to professional development. They often are held on an annual basis. A three-day exhibition of computer equipment, software, and related goods is an example of a trade show. A central market is a city where many major suppliers of a product are located. A floor plan is a layout or design for a space. A warehouse club offers large quantities of consumer items, usually at discounted prices.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [p. 183]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
94. B
Certified Financial Planner (CFP). Many jurisdictions require finance professionals to obtain certification or licensure to perform their jobs. Because Elise performs duties that involve financial planning, she is most likely to have certification as a Certified Financial Planner (CFP), which is a well-known certification program in the financial industry. Tax specialists obtain a CTS certification. Loan officers obtain a CLO certification. Businesspeople who work as technical investment analysts obtain a CMT certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: CondoByOwner.com (2003). Glossary. Retrieved September 25, 2009, from http://www.condobyowner.com/glossary.asp
95. B
Stockbroker. Stockbrokers are required to obtain a license to trade securities. To obtain the license, stockbrokers must take and pass the General Securities Registered Representative Examination. Accountants obtain the Certified Public Accountant (CPA) certification; insurance underwriters obtain the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification; and estate planners obtain the Accredited Estate Planner (AEP) certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Morgan, E. (2006, August 21). How to become a stock broker. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-To-Become-A-Stock-Broker&id=275927
96. D
Joining community organizations. By joining community organizations, such as a local professional or trade association, the local chamber of commerce, or Kiwanis Club, financial-services professionals increase their opportunity to network with others who live and work in the same region. Networking is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development or advancement. Networking can help financial-services professionals to build new business relationships, obtain referrals, and acquire leads to increase clientele. Submitting proposals to web-based financial businesses and working with well-known securities firms do not necessarily help to build professional finance relationships at the local level. Financial-services professionals want to obtain referrals from others.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Misner, I. (2002, December 23). Want to join a networking group? Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/marketing/marketingideas/networkingcolumnistiva nmisner/articl e58210.html
97. A
Implement an ethics program. Because employees represent the business, their unethical behavior can negatively affect the business's reputation. If a business develops a poor reputation or public image, customers may take their business elsewhere. To reduce the risk of a tarnished reputation, the business should implement an ethics program. An ethics program might include ongoing ethics training, which provides continuous guidance for the employees as to what constitutes ethical behavior on the job. The business should discourage fraudulent behavior, offer credit to customers who meet the business's credit criteria, and maintain optimal inventory levels so that the products are available when customers need them; these actions promote a positive public image for the company.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved September 19, 2009 from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
98. B
Use computer passwords. A business must take precautions to secure its clients' confidential information. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential information, businesses often assign computer passwords to allow authorized employees to view secured information. Developing a routing system, restricting digital signature options, and limiting Internet use are not actions that will limit the accessibility of internal business information.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 358-359). South-Western Cengage Learning.
99. C
Conducting backup procedures. Backup procedures involve duplicating computer entries, records, and transactions on a regular basis and storing the duplicate files in a different location. By having backup files, the business can retrieve information that might be lost due to a computer crash, a power outage, or fire. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. An authorization process is a way to limit the access to certain information. Using encryption techniques, implementing an authorization process, and monitoring data-transmission rates are not ways in which a business can protect its computer data from loss due to fire or power outages.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Halifax Business Referral Network. (n.d.). Data backup is the best data protection. Retrieved September 19, 2009, from http://hbrn.ca/05292006.htm
100. A
Reduce the chance of financial losses. Because risk involves the possibility of loss, businesses must be diligent to control their levels of risk. Businesses can experience financial losses in all areas of the business—from product recalls and poor hiring selections to poor credit policies and workplace injuries. Businesses can control their various risks by implementing appropriate business policies, training employees, and acquiring adequate insurance coverage. By controlling financial risk, businesses can limit their debt (liabilities). When businesses have low debt, they increase the potential to earn profit, which contributes to the well-being of society. Businesses increase their visibility in the market in different ways (positive and negative) and are not always related to controlling their levels of risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 326). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
Test 1029
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Businesses. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. These rules and regulations have an effect on most businesses in some manner, such as issuing licenses to operate, prohibiting unfair trade practices, and requiring equal employment opportunities. Businesses must comply with the regulations or face the possibility of being penalized for violations. Attorneys, juries, and guardians usually are not affected by administrative law.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 6-7]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Corporation. A corporation is owned by the people who have purchased shares of stock in the business. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more people. A proprietorship is a business owned by one person. A consolidation is the joining of two or more companies to form a new company.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. C
Acting in the best interests of their clients. In the financial industry, a fiduciary is a financial professional who has been given legal authority to make financial transactions on behalf of an individual or business— the owner of the financial product (e.g., stock). Because the fiduciary has been given legal authority to act on behalf of a client, s/he must act in the best interest of the client. Fiduciary responsibility involves making wise financial decisions and obtaining financial products that will help the client achieve his/her financial goals. A fiduciary does not focus on selling products that generate the highest commissions or make risky investments without the client's knowledge. A responsible, ethical fiduciary is transparent and trustworthy and continuously communicates with her/his clients rather than communicating with them only once a year.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Sais, J., & Sais, M. (2009). Meeting your fiduciary responsibility. Retrieved October 22, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/08/fiduciary-responsiblity.asp#
4. B
Property passing directly to the surviving spouse. An estate tax is a tax on the fair-market value of assets that are transferred to another person upon the owner's death. In some situations, beneficiaries can obtain estate-tax deductions. The marital deduction is a deduction that applies when the deceased individual's property passes directly to the surviving spouse. Estate-tax deductions apply to some qualified charitable contributions. Valuable art, collectibles, and money that are left to children, relatives, and friends are not tax deductible under estate-tax code.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2009). Frequently asked questions on estate taxes. Retrieved October 22, 2009, from http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=108143,00.html#5
5. A
Capital gains. When investments such as stocks, bonds, and real estate are sold at a profit, the stockholder may be required to pay a capital gains tax. A capital gain is the difference between the purchase price and sales price of an asset (e.g., stock). A sales tax is a tax on a retail item. An excise tax is a tax for nonessential products, such as gasoline. A gift tax is a tax on something of value (e.g., money) given to another person. Usually, the gift giver pays the tax.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (n.d.). Tax facts about capital gains and losses. Retrieved October 22, 2009, from http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=106799,00.html
6. D
Ensure that the businesses are following industry regulations. Because financial-services businesses must follow many types of regulations, many of them hire compliance officers to ensure that the business is in compliance at all times. Compliance officers monitor regulations, develop and implement compliance-related business policies, ensure that employees understand compliance issues, identify and appropriately respond to noncompliance issues, and implement corrective action as needed. Accountants determine actions that a business can take to lower its tax obligation, such as identifying appropriate deductions. A business's compliance officer does not develop customer-service policies for the industry. A compliance officer may need to monitor international trade regulations, if the company conducts business at the international level.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Compliance Week. (2004, March 16). Job description: Typical chief compliance officers responsibilities. Retrieved October 23, 2009, fromhttps://www.complianceweek.com/article/548/job-description-typical-chief-complianceofficer-responsibilities
7. B
The continuous inspection of transactional data. A virtual auditor is a type of compliance technology that uses multiple reasoning processes to help the business identify errors and compliance violations. The advantage to using virtual-auditor technology is that it is continuously inspecting and reviewing financial transactions and processes in real time, so the business can identify and correct problems quickly. A business does not use virtual-auditor technology to monitor competitors' activities or to allow unlimited access to confidential credit information. A business might use project-management software to streamline and track the workflow of a project.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Taylor, P. (2006, September). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved October 23, 2009, from http://www.information-management.com/specialreports/20060919/10634931.html
8. C
Cross-source. A virtual auditor is a type of compliance technology that uses multiple reasoning processes to continuously review financial transactions and processes. The reasoning processes help the business to identify errors and/or compliance violations. Cross-source reasoning is used to compare financial transactions and processes across multiple financial systems and determine inconsistencies and errors. Incremental reasoning involves studying a series of events as they occur to determine if the chain of events as a whole represents a potential compliance violation. Contextual reasoning is used to consider each financial transaction's circumstances and how it compares to historical patterns in the system. Temporal reasoning involves considering the timing of a financial transaction.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Taylor, P. (2006, September). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved October 23, 2009, from http://www.information-management.com/specialreports/20060919/10634931.html
9. D
Life. Life skills are basic skills necessary to survive. Following directions, then, is not a skill you can afford to be without. Skills necessary for survival are not known as family skills, academic skills, or social skills.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
10. B
Concentrating on remembering what the speaker says. One technique people use to improve listening skills is to make a conscious effort to try to focus and remember what the speaker says. Staying focused on the message and filtering out noise as much as possible improves the chances of remembering and accurately understanding the message. Listeners may want to be aware of their own body language (e.g., facial expressions, crossed arms) because their nonverbal cues are also being interpreted by the speaker and can affect communication. However, monitoring one's own nonverbal cues does not necessarily mean that the listener takes control of the conversation. Asking questions during the speaker's message does not necessarily reduce listening blocks or barriers. To decipher a message accurately, the listener must not only pay attention to the speaker's words but also to her/his nonverbal cues and voice tone. Nonverbal cues are not necessarily more important than tone of voice.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 424-426]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. B
Remember key points. Business employees often write brief notes on small cards to help them remember to discuss important points they want to present to the audience. The notes serve as a guide to help employees stay focused on the information they need to present and keep them from getting off track. The notes are often a mini-outline of the presentation. Employees do not use note cards to look important, write down questions, or memorize the data.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 499-500]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
12. A
Respond positively. Persuasive messages often ask people to do something, such as buy a product, make a donation, give a speech, etc. To be effective, the message should be written in a way that makes it easy for the person to respond positively and agree to do what is asked. The messages might contain toll-free telephone numbers, an offer to deliver a product for free, or to pick up a donation. People are more likely to respond positively if it is easy to do so. Persuasive messages do not need to be read slowly. The writer of the message organizes it logically. People might politely answer persuasive messages, but the intent is to have them respond positively.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-335]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. B
Logical. Effective, informal business reports include short letters and brief memorandums. Since their purpose is to transmit important information in a format that can be read and understood quickly, informal reports should follow a logical sequence using clear, precise, easy-to-understand language.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 336-337]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. A
Upward. Upward communication is defined as communication that moves up the chain of command, e.g., employee to supervisor. Downward communication moves down the chain from management to employees. Horizontal communication is communication with someone on the same level within the business. Grapevine communication is unofficial messages passed among fellow employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. B
They may be fired. More people lose their jobs because they can't get along with other people than for any other reason. Establishing positive customer/client relations is very important to a business's success. Employees who damage customer relations are not likely to be promoted or given awards. Benefits cannot be taken away for misconduct.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 139-140]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
16. B
Suspicious. Suspicious customers only want the facts, and they don't like being pushed. Once you gain their confidence and trust, you will have a customer for life. Dishonest customers may steal goods or purchase items, use them, and return them for a full refund, if they can get away with it. Disagreeable customers are negative, quick tempered, and may never be your best customer. Slow/Methodical customers generally need help to feel comfortable about buying a good/service each time they go shopping.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
17. D
Accurate information. Financial professionals often invest money for clients. As a result, they should provide clients with accurate information about the performance of possible investments. Some investments are more secure than others. Those clients who do not want to take risks should know which investment options are the safest. Financial professionals have this information and should supply it to clients. Financial professionals do not necessarily offer payment options. Not all financial professionals supply credit counseling. Financial professionals usually do not supply clients with bank statements.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 293-295). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. C
Customer trends. Data mining involves collecting data from large databases to identify patterns and correlations among the data. Businesses can search their internal databases for data that identify changes in the buying and usage habits of existing customers. By using data-mining techniques, a business can often obtain data that aid in identifying customer trends, such as an increase or decrease in credit-card usage. Businesses are likely to use external databases rather than internal databases to gather data about competitors. Businesses do not use data-mining techniques to gather data from internal databases to determine employee incentives or mathematical theories.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: CRM Today. (2001-2009). Data mining and crm. Retrieved October 26, 2009, from http://www.crm2day.com/content/t6_librarynews_1.php?id=EpFEAkAFpuEZkNWvTr
19. D
Clustering. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among data. Businesses can use many types of data-mining techniques to search databases. Clustering involves selecting various characteristics of a market (e.g., geographic location, value orientation) that the business wants to explore. The data-mining software selects the data that meet the criteria and separates or clusters the data into appropriate categories. After clustering occurs, businesses can analyze the data, which may include statistics. Organic and primary are not types of data-mining techniques.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: CRM Today. (2001-2009). Data mining and crm. Retrieved October 26, 2009, from http://www.crm2day.com/content/t6_librarynews_1.php?id=EpFEAkAFpuEZkNWvTr
20. C
Decrease. The law of demand is an economic principle that states that the quantity of a good or service that people will buy varies inversely with the price of the good or service. Therefore, as the price goes up, demand goes down; and as the price decreases, demand increases.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
21. C
Delegation emphasis. The organizational business structure is the way a company sets up its workflow. Primary characteristics of the organic organizational business structure include sharing (decentralized) authority; delegating responsibility among employees; and cultivating a broad range of job skills and knowledge (de-specialization) among workers. The advantage of the organic organizational business structure is that it provides the company with a great deal of flexibility.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Gibson, J.L., Ivancevich, J.M., Donnelly, J.H., & Konopaske, R. (2003). Organizations: Behavior, structure, processes (11th ed.) [pp. 392-393]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
22. D
Individuals make economic choices. For example, individuals may choose what they wish to purchase, where they want to work, and what they will do with their private property. The United States is an example of private enterprise, and many people in the United States live at or below the poverty level. Prices are determined by the interaction of supply and demand, and the government rarely sets prices. Competition, a rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars, is encouraged in a private enterprise system.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—Private Enterprise
23. C
Expenses. Expenses must be deducted from income to determine profit. A business can try to keep its expenses as low as possible. A business cannot control economic conditions or chance events, such as an earthquake. A business can try to increase demand through techniques such as competitive pricing and promotion, but it cannot control demand.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
24. B
Output will increase by smaller and smaller increments. For example, as additional workers continue to be added to a production process—past a certain point—they need more space, access to equipment, etc. Since these factors are unchanged (space and equipment), the workers become less efficient in doing their jobs. Output overall does increase with additional workers, but it does so by smaller and smaller amounts. Output does not decrease, because more workers will always produce some increase in output, however small. Output will not increase proportionately to the additional resources dedicated to the project since, at some point, the workers will become less efficient. Output does not remain constant when additional workers are added to the production process.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Gottheil, F.M. (2002). Principles of economics (3rd ed.) [pp. 174-175]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
25. A
Imports = $5 million, exports = $3 million. A trade deficit is an unfavorable balance of trade in which a nation's imports are greater than its exports. In this situation, there is a $2 million trade deficit ($5 million imports - $3 million exports = $2 million trade deficit).
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
26. C
By asking questions. By asking appropriate questions, you show that you are doing more than just making comments and listening. Your questions tell people that you want more information about the topic and that you are really thinking about the information being given. Making jokes or answering with clichés, such as "really," indicates you are not listening well or taking the speaker seriously.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
27. B
Demonstrate initiative on a regular basis. Initiative is a personal trait expressed by a consistent pattern of behavior. To be viewed as a person with initiative, you must demonstrate that trait regularly over a period of time. Telling people that you have initiative, practicing initiative from time to time, or cooperating with those who have initiative would not be sufficient.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
28. B
Feedback. Feedback can come in several different forms. Internal feedback is self-evaluation; it can be negative or positive. Negative feedback involves criticism, indicating a needed change in behavior. Positive feedback involves praise, tending to reinforce present behavior.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. B
Hair and clothing styles. Social changes are shifts in values, tastes, habits, and composition of society. Changes in hair and clothing styles are examples of social changes. Changes in highway speed limits and product-safety standards are examples of governmental changes. The development of video games is an example of technological changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Wikipedia. (n.d.). Dress code. Retrieved November 2, 3009, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dress_code
30. A
Reputation. A manager who has the reputation of being knowledgeable and experienced usually has credibility with employees. Credibility is believability, and employees are more likely to believe a manager who has the appropriate background and ability. Managers who have a reputation of being unethical or poorly informed often have difficulty persuading employees because the managers lack credibility. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, or solutions. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., & Steinauer, M. H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 326]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
31. D
Objectivity and attentiveness. Adaptable people consistently exhibit certain attitudes or behavior, regardless of the circumstances. Some characteristics of adaptable people include objectivity; attentiveness; empathy; confidence; a respectful, positive, and self-corrective attitude; and constructive (positive) risk taking. Resistance, disrespect, and fear are not attributes of adaptable people. Increased creativity is considered a positive outcome of adaptable behavior, rather than a characteristic of adaptability.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens
32. B
Coworkers with empathy are better able to understand others. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. When you can "walk in someone else's shoes," even though you have not had the same experiences, you are better able to understand and to get along with that person. Empathy cannot prevent disagreements, help workers to understand legal guidelines, or enable them to learn a job quickly.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 243]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
33. B
Uniform Commercial Credit Code. The Uniform Commercial Credit Code was drawn up to give states a model to follow in writing their own sets of credit laws. It is administered at the state level. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act, and the Fair Credit Reporting Act are all federal laws regulating credit practices.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Uniform consumer credit code. Retrieved November 2, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/uniform-consumer-credit-code-in-banking
34. C
Getting started now. The single most important aspect of making a financial plan and setting goals is getting started now. Learning to make hard choices, making enough money, and choosing a career path are important aspects of goal setting, but they are not as important as simply getting started.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
35. A
Interest rates. The value of your money changes over time due to many factors—inflation, interest rates, compounding, and even tax rates. That's why it's so important to save and invest wisely. The time value of money is not influenced by financial needs, banks, or world events.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
36. D
Earning interest upon interest. Compounding can best be described as earning interest upon interest. There is no way to avoid inflation; one can only plan to overcome the effects of inflation with careful saving and investing. The compounding growth of the stock market is an excellent way to meet financial needs and goals, but meeting financial needs is not a description of compounding. Although there are risks in the stock market, risking the stock market does not describe compounding.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
37. D
Minimize, risk. Insurance companies sell insurance policies. An insurance policy is a contract that states that the insurer (the insurance company) will pay for specified losses incurred by an individual or another company (policy holder) in return for installment payments (premiums). The purpose of purchasing insurance policies (e.g., life, property, professional liability, etc) is to protect the policyholder's assets and minimize financial losses associated with various risks (e.g., death, fire, and malpractice). By minimizing the policyholder's financial losses, the insurance company is providing a product that protects the policyholder's assets. Many insurance companies now provide financial products (e.g., investments), which are designed to build wealth. The primary purpose of insurance companies is not to provide insurance products that increase the policyholder's profitability but to protect the policyholder from financial losses.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: The Ohio State University Extension. (2009). What is the difference between a financial institution and an insurance company? Retrieved October 22, 2009, from http://www.extension.org/faq/38945
38. B
Treasury bills. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including money markets. Money markets involve the buying and selling of short-term, low-risk financial products such as treasury bills, which are issued by the government. Stock, agricultural goods (soft commodities), and technology are often highrisk investments.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2009). Money markets: Treasury bills. Retrieved November 2, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket2.asp
39. B
Convergence. Convergence is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors. For example, convergence occurs when a retail bank merges with an insurance company or when an investment bank merges with a brokerage firm. The merging of different financial sectors provides a broader selection of financial products and a "one-stop shopping" environment for consumers. Liquidation is the process of selling assets for cash, which is used to settle debts. Divergence is the separation of or difference in something. An endowment is the donation of something, usually money, to an individual or institution (e.g., college). The situation described is not an example of liquidation, divergence, or an endowment.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
40. D
To lower costs. Consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. For example, consolidation occurs when two banks merge to form one bank. By consolidating, the financial firms can achieve economies of scale, which result in reduced redundancy and lower costs. Consolidation can increase the assets (liquid capital) for all of the financial firms involved. Consolidation can also provide consumers with a wider range of financial products. Consolidation may or may not lower business risk.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
41. C
Remain steady throughout all phases. The business cycle affects the stock prices of various industries in different ways. The demand for the products of non-cyclical industries (e.g., food, beverage, tobacco, healthcare) tends to remain consistent throughout all phases of the business cycle. Therefore, the stock performance of non-cyclical industries tends to remain steady throughout all stages of the business cycle, as well. Changes in the business cycle tend to affect the stock prices of other industries, including energy and capital goods. The energy sector (e.g., oil) is affected by the global supply and demand, which influences energy stock performance. Historically, energy stocks tend to perform best late in the business cycle. Capital goods stocks tend to perform well during expansion phase of the business cycle because businesses are expanding and buying equipment.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Fidelity Investments. (1998-2009). Business cycle and stock performance. Retrieved October 28, 2009, from http://personal.fidelity.com/products/funds/content/sector/cycle.shtml
42. D
Emerging market economy. Emerging markets are growing markets (e.g., stock, bond, commodities, etc.) that result when a country initiates reforms that move it from a closed economy to an open or market economy. An integrated financial market involves a market with barrier-free financial flow. An economic recession is a six-months' contraction in the gross domestic product (GDP). Because circumstances change and many factors affect the health of an economy, economic systems are not recession-proof. An industrial-based market is a market in which businesses sell goods and services to industrial businesses.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (n.d.). What is an emerging market economy? Retrieved October 21, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/073003.asp
43. B
Hedge funds involve private investment partnerships. A hedge fund is a pooled investment fund that uses many types of aggressive investment strategies to maximize returns. A hedge fund involves a limited number of investors (private partnership) and requires a large minimum investment amount. Professional financial managers manage hedge funds rather than government agencies.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2009). Hedge fund. Retrieved October 21, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hedgefund.asp
44. B
EDGAR. The section of the SEC web site that houses companies' filings is called EDGAR, which stands for Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval. EDWIN, EDMUND, and EDWARD are not acronyms for anything on the SEC web site.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
45. C
The day's closing price and the previous day's price. Net Change shows the difference between the prices of the one recorded on the stock table and the previous day's price. The highest and lowest prices for the year are found in the 52-week Hi/Lo column. Last year's and this year's average prices and the highest and lowest prices for the day do not appear on stock tables.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
46. A
Volatile. Prices that rise and fall sharply are said to be volatile. Stable, healthy, or solid are not words that would be used to describe a volatile stock.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
47. C
Human. Human risks are the chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability. Bonding employees reduces this risk by providing reimbursement for employee theft. Natural risks result from natural causes such as floods and fires. Economic risks are caused by changes in the market. Unknown is a distractor.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
48. A
To maintain financial control. Financial control of a business is the overall purpose of accounting. Accurate accounting information helps a business to maintain financial control by showing how the business is doing in terms of earning a profit and paying expenses. Businesses use accounting information to make any necessary changes in order to keep the business in good financial condition. The accounting function does not help businesses to monitor banking regulations, organize governmental support, or obtain legal information.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
49. B
$4,275. Cash receipts refers to the specific sources of money flowing into the business from such things as the sale of goods and services and interest income. Only collected money is recorded under cash receipts. If a business makes $4,275 from cash sales and $2,960 from credit sales, only the $4,275 can be recorded. The $2,960 in monies owed to the business is referred to as accounts receivable and should not be recorded until it is actually collected. Shipping costs and fixed expenses are cash payments rather than cash receipts.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 773-775). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. C
Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales. A profit-and-loss statement is a business's financial picture that lists all revenue and expenses for a certain time period. A profit-and-loss statement is not the same as a balance sheet. Characteristics of a balance sheet include listing assets and liabilities and showing the owner's financial position.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
51. D
Finance. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. Revenue is the business's sales or gross income. Revenue is one way of obtaining money, while debt is the amount of money the business owes others—its expenses. Operations refers to the overall management function that plans, controls, and monitors the day-to-day activities so the firm can continue functioning. Licensing is a permission that an owner or authority grants for another entity to conduct a specific activity. Payroll is the sum of money paid to employees in a given period and is one of many activities that the business's financial function monitors.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices(2nd ed.) [p. 543]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
52. A
Timely and understandable. Businesses obtain internal and external financial information to make decisions about their business activities. To make sound decisions, a business needs reliable and timely information that is presented in an understandable or logical way. The information should also be specific and relate to the situation at hand. Financial information does not need to be creative, transferable, or sensitive.
SOURCE: FM:001
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. A
Control. Financial control is the process of analyzing and adjusting the financial plan to correct for forecasted events that do not occur. By recommending corrective measures, the person is controlling a business's finances. Development of a financial plan represents the planning function in finance. Financial information is organized into a useful format for decision-makers. Keeping financial records up to date represents maintenance; however, maintenance is not a management function.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business in action (4th ed.) [pp. 175-179]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
54. D
Reduce risks associated with intentional data tampering. The purpose of an audit trail is to record the step-by-step process of all financial transactions, which may or may not include securities trades. By maintaining audit trails, businesses can trace unethical behavior associated with financial data tampering. Employees may be less likely to intentionally tamper with financial data if they know financial audit trails are in place and activities can be monitored and tracked. The primary reason why businesses use financial audit trails is not to ensure that financial reports are prepared quickly or to evaluate profitability ratios.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: de Jager, P. (2002, September/October). Ethics: Good, evil, and moral duty. Retrieved October 26, 2009, from http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qa3937/is_200209/ai_n9143308/pg_2/?tag=content;col1
55. B
Storage strategies. Businesses are legally required to keep certain types of financial information for a specific period of time. Because many businesses must keep a large amount of financial information, they must consider how to archive, or store, historic information. Businesses often store information on magnetic or optical tapes and disks or a combination of different methods. Because technology is evolving, the types of storage options change, so businesses must keep up with the technology. It is important to keep up with technology because businesses must be able to retrieve archived records in formats that are readable and usable at any given time. Service procedures, monetary exchanges, and production methods will not protect the integrity of archived financial information.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Tongish, S. (2003, July 14). Do you have a data storage strategy? Retrieved October 26, 2009, from http://www.out-law.com/page-3720
56. B
Consistency. Master data management involves the collection, storage, accessibility, and maintenance of the business's nontransactional data (e.g., product, employee). Effective master data management involves providing consistent, accurate data for all employees who use the data throughout the organization. An important aspect of master data management is ensuring that the organization uses one rather than several versions of a particular computer application. Effective master data management applications reduce the replication of data records. Master data management applications often handle complex data; however, if the complex data are not consistent, the data are not useful to the employees who use it.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Wolter, R., & Haselden, K. (2006, November). The what, why, and how of master data management. Retrieved October 23, 2009, from http://msdn.microsoft.com/enus/library/bb190163.aspx
57. B
Presented. Unless data-mining results are presented in a useful and clear manner, they are meaningless to researchers. Changing results can skew the validity of the results. Researchers can't argue about the validity of the results unless the results are meaningful enough to interpret them. People rather than results are instructed.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital informationenvironment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
58. D
Merge entries. Budgets help businesses manage their money. Businesses often use software programs to facilitate the budgeting process, which is an estimate of income and expense for a specific timeframe. Because financial circumstances change, businesses may need to change various aspects of their longterm budgets. A software program that has the ability to merge entries across an organization's various departments is useful in keeping budget information consistent and accurate. Businesses use customer relationship management (CRM) software to manage clients' accounts. Businesses use computerdrawing and photo-alteration programs (e.g., Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop) to develop graphics. Businesses use translation software to translate text in one language to another language.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Tyler Technologies. (n.d.). Budgeting. Retrieved October 27, 2009, from http://www.tylertech.com/Default.aspx?tabid=280
59. A
Accounts receivable. Computer software applications can calculate and summarize many types of financial data. By using the accounts-receivable application, the business can determine the amount of money coming into the business and from whom. Accounts-receivable applications can isolate delinquent or aging accounts. By knowing which accounts are late with their payments, the business can take steps to follow up with the customer to obtain payment. Depreciation is the reduction in value of goods or assets occurring over a period of time. Cost analysis is used to determine the costs associated with a variety of business functions and activities, such as inventory and advertising. Accounts payable are the monies owed by the business to others.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved October 28, 2009, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
60. C
Cash flow. Computer applications aid businesses in analyzing many types of financial issues. Businesses often want to evaluate the changes in their cash position. To evaluate changes in cash position, the business would analyze its cash flow. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of the business. Evaluating cash flow helps the business forecast and determine the amount of cash it has to work with at any given time. Expenses are cash outflows and are one aspect of analyzing the business's cash flow. Fixed costs are expenses that are not affected by changes in sales volume. Analyzing performance may involve evaluating the productivity and efficiency of different resources (e.g., human, materials, equipment).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved October 28, 2009, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
61. A
Partitioning. SQL (Structured Query Language) is the standard language for building and obtaining information from a database. Businesses often want to separate tables of information into separate file groups to isolate or categorize data. The partitioning function allows users to perform this activity. The edit function allows users to change data. The merge cells function allows users to combine cells in a spreadsheet program. View is a dropdown menu in Windows programs that allows users to change the way they see various elements (e.g., document size, toolbars) on their computers.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2009). Partitioning a SQL server database table. Retrieved October 29, 2009, from http://databases.about.com/od/sqlserver/a/partitioning.htm
62. B
Ensure that only one person can edit data fields. Many databases allow users to view the same information at the same time. The locking function prevents more than one person at a time from making changes to the database. The import function allows users to import data from external programs. The primary purpose of the locking function is not to develop reports, summarize data, or set queries.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Berry, D. (2009). Concurrency control and locking. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://www.service-architecture.com/database/articles/concurrency_control_and_locking.html
63. D
Annual report. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Public corporations, which are owned by shareholders, are required to provide information about their financial standings and performance levels in an annual report. Public corporations do not provide their shareholders with financial information in an informal monthly contract, complex memorandum, or accounting portfolio.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 114). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. A
Monetary fines. Businesses that do not provide accurate and timely financial information in the appropriate format to the government may be required to pay fines, which are costly to businesses. The government would not reward business delinquency by offering tax reductions, payroll exemptions, or subsidies (financial assistance).
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (2009, October 12). FINRA fines Citigroup for failing to supervise tax-related stock transactions. Retrieved October 27, 2009, from http://www.finra.org/Newsroom/NewsReleases/2009/P120206
65. C
Vendor C. Sometimes, businesses experience temporary or short-term cash-flow problems when the anticipated inflow of cash falls short. When this type of situation occurs, the business needs to determine how to handle it. To do this, the business needs to carefully monitor its cash flow, so it can plan how and when it will pay its bills. XTY should pay Vendor C first because it is the oldest invoice that hasn't been paid. A business's credit rating can be negatively affected if the business does not pay its bills within a reasonable amount of time. Although Vendor B's bill was due five days ago, the business is probably within its payment grace period with the vendor. The bills that are not yet due should be paid after the overdue bill is paid.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 72,77, 122). South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. B
Accrual. The accrual accounting system records a business's financial transactions at the time they occur, even if money is not exchanged at that time. Accrual accounting systems can be implemented by computer or manually. A manual accounting system processes financial information by hand. Supplemental and incremental are not terms that businesses commonly use to describe types of accounting systems.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [p. A-26]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. B
Stockholders and government agencies. Businesses use the financial accounting system to report their financial positions to external audiences. An external audience consists of businesses or individuals who are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the business. For example, vendors often want financial information before they offer a business credit. In addition, banks require businesses to provide various types of financial information to obtain loans. Governments also require businesses to provide certain types of financial reports to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Company bookkeepers, operations managers, and inventory analysts are internal users of financial reports.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [pp. 33-34]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. B
Bear. Corporations continuously monitor their stock prices. If stock prices decrease over time, it may indicate a downturn in the market. This condition is called a bear market. When stock prices increase over time, the condition is called a bull market. A drop in the business's stock prices may indicate that the business may need to take action to improve performance. Trough and peak are phases in the business cycle.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2009). Bear market. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bearmarket.asp
69. D
Profitability ratios. Profitability ratios measure the business's ability to generate profit. By comparing the profitability ratios from consecutive time periods (e.g., quarterly), the business can determine if it is generating profits. If profits tend to increase, then it is likely that the business is generating more revenue or making money. Advertising budgets, interest rates, and payroll records do not provide information about the business's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). What are the five categories of financial ratios and what do they measure? Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/financialratios/f/finratioanal2.htm
70. D
Debt ratio. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a bank reviews the loan applicant's debt ratio before approving the loan. The debt ratio indicates the applicant's current level of debt in relation to his/her current assets (e.g., income, home). If the applicant has a high level of outstanding debt and few liquid assets, the applicant is more likely to default on the loan. In this situation, the applicant would most likely be denied the loan. The bank may consider the economy's inflation rate in relation to the applicant's debt ratio when evaluating the loan application. The bank is not likely to consider the applicant's brand preferences or performance goals.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. B
Identify problems. A variance is the difference between an expectation and an occurrence. By comparing and contrasting two or more sets of financial data, a businessperson can determine if there are differences and patterns among the data. Detection of these differences and patterns often identifies problems. After the problems are identified, the businessperson can take corrective action. Depending on the nature of the problem, the business might take steps to increase market share or it might make changes to improve workflow. Information obtained from financial variances may be helpful when negotiating certain types of contracts; however, the primary reason for analyzing financial variances is not to negotiate contracts.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2009). Conducting variance analysis. Retrieved October 29, 2009, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel/HA011545141033.aspx
72. D
After reviewing sales forecasts and income statements, Angela determines that the company has enough money to hire a new employee. A business analyzes financial data for many reasons. One reason is to make decisions that affect the welfare of the business. For example, if a businessperson decides that s/he can afford to hire a new employee after reviewing sales forecasts and income statements, the businessperson has made a decision based on his/her findings in the financial reports. Asking an accountant to prepare a profit-and-loss statement, obtaining a credit rating report, and obtaining documents to prepare a tax return are not actions that involve decision making.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
73. D
Compensation. A commission or bonus is an example of a form of compensation. Compensation is pay for work completed. It comes in different forms for different employees. Some make an hourly wage; others, a yearly salary. Compensation may also include certain financial incentives, such as commissions or bonuses. HR management oversees compensation and benefits for all employees. Benefits are advantages employees receive in addition to their monetary compensation, such as health insurance, retirement accounts, paid vacation and sick time, etc. Employee contracts may include terms involving commission or bonuses, but these forms of compensation are not types of contracts. Employeeassistance programs do not involve compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
74. A
Generates profit. Every business has a selling function. Selling benefits business by enabling businesspeople to create a desire for their products, to move goods from producers to consumers, and to make a profit. Businesses need to sell their products to make a profit in order to continue operating. Selling benefits society by creating employment opportunities and fostering competition. Selling benefits customers by increasing product options.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
75. A
Formal sales presentation. Presentation software is often used to provide visual support for oral presentations. Presentation software is often used during sales presentations to provide customers or prospective customers with visual information about the product's attributes and benefits. Graphic depictions of products are especially useful for items that cannot be easily transported to other locations because the audience can see an image of the product. Status meetings, employee performance reviews, and union contract negotiations are not the most appropriate business situations in which to use a computer-generated slideshow to highlight product information. The purpose of a status meeting is to update the team about various aspects of a project. An employee performance review is a tool to provide workers with feedback about their work efforts. Union contract negotiations occur when management and labor representatives meet to reach agreement about the workers' pay, benefits, working conditions, etc.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Make sure that information is retrievable. When Carson is unable to find last year's tax return when he needs it, information is not retrievable. This will slow down Carson's productivity on the job. The tax return may or may not be accurate. Setting and following organizational practices and prioritizing according to business needs may or may not relate to Carson's information not being retrievable.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
77. A
Performs interrelated functions. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. For example, Microsoft Office combines a variety of programs that perform word-processing, spreadsheet, slideshow presentation, desktop publishing, and database functions. Some integrated software packages are customized to perform interrelated activities for a specific industry, such as travel and hospitality. Not all integrated software packages calculate breakeven points or include forecasting tools. Because integrated software options vary, the level of training that users need also varies.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (2009). Integrated software. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://www.enotes.com/business-finance-encyclopedia/integrated-software
78. D
Payment history. Businesses keep many types of records about their customers. Billing information and sales transactions contain information about the dollar amount owed, sales tax, payment methods, date of payment, etc. Keeping these types of records for extended time frames provides the business with the customer's payment history. Billing information and sales transactions do not always provide specific information about the customers' financial plans, income levels, or personal preferences.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Massachusetts Institute of Technology. (2003, January 28). Create/Maintain customer master records. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://web.mit.edu/cao/www/AR/bp/arbp1.htm
79. A
Inventory. All the stock that a business has on hand is called inventory. Businesses keep records of their inventory to determine which items are moving quickly, which items are moving slowly, and when it is time to order additional items. Credit, accounts payable, and sales expense reports do not provide a company with information about the movement of its products.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 510-512). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. D
Return on investment. The return on investment is calculated by dividing the net profit by the amount spent. This type of information helps the business measure the success of a specific business activity. Retention rates provide information about repeat customers. Sales strategies are the activities salespeople use to sell products. A sales commission rate is a form of compensation paid to salespeople that is based on a certain percentage of sales volume or sales dollars.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
81. C
Custodial work. Maintenance and repairs is an operations activity that includes custodial work, as well as other routine upkeep of a business's equipment and facilities. It does not include planning the production process, inspecting goods for quality, or analyzing finances.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
82. B
All employees. All employees should know and practice good safety habits. It is also the responsibility of all employees to report unsafe equipment and/or facilities so that the situation can be corrected immediately without endangering customers or employees. Managers and supervisors are categories of employees, and they may be the ones who take steps to correct the problem.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Paster, T. (2007). The HACCP food safety training manual (pp. 3-7). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
83. D
Time-management. Time management is the process of controlling events in order to accomplish priorities. Time-management skills are techniques that can be applied to aid in the wise use of time. These techniques include preparing to-do lists and scheduling activities. By developing timemanagement skills, project managers will be able to plan and control activities to do the required work in the amount of time that is available. Creative thinking is a process that generates new ideas, approaches, and solutions. Managers use information to prepare to-do lists and schedule activities, but the process is not considered to be information-based. Problem-solving skills involve the ability to find solutions to obstacles or problems.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
84. B
Purchasing. Purchasing is the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Purchasing is of great importance because businesses must deliver quality products on time in order to satisfy customer needs. Businesses must be able to purchase quality raw materials in order to produce quality finished products that customers want to buy. Also, businesses must have purchased items delivered on time in order to make them available when customers want them. Advertising promotes a business's products. Financing helps a business obtain funds to market products. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
85. B
Unit. The system that produces one item at a time or small quantities of an item at one time is unit production. This system also is known as job shop or jobbing and is used by businesses such as customcar manufacturers and made-to-order clothiers. Batch production is the system of making small batches of a product at one time, such as several gallons of a certain color of paint. Mass production is the system of making large quantities of a standard product, such as televisions and radios. Assembly line is the system of specialized machines or work stations placed in a certain order to make large quantities of a specific product.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
86. A
Expenses. Expenses are the monies that a business spends. Businesses should consider their expenses because uncontrolled expenses reduce profits, which ultimately may lead to business failure. Businesses should not make the mistake of ignoring expenses because sales are good. Even if sales are good, uncontrolled expenses could eliminate all profits. Policies are general rules to be followed by company personnel. Contracts are agreements between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Assets are anything of value that a business owns.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 533-534]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
87. A
Their image affects company image. Employees of many businesses can expect a great deal of customer contact. Customers form an image of the company and it is often is based on or affected by the appearance of the firm's employees. Appearance doesn't necessarily prevent employment or ensure promotion. Being attractive to others is a personal reason for maintaining appearance.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
88. D
Put their goals in writing. Goal setters should write down their goals. This helps to visualize the goals, to clarify them, and to plant them firmly in the mind. Goals should be in specific, measurable terms. They also should be personal goals, not goals someone else has helped you to set. Analyzing dreams may help in setting goals but not in reaching them.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
89. C
Limiting code of behavior. It is easy to fall into patterns of behavior that suffocate creativity. People convinced that their problems are unavoidable won't look for solutions. Stress is due to worry and fatigue. Creativity requires people to explore alternatives and take risks; therefore, people who have to be right the first time can't take the chance of being wrong.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
90. D
Natural talent. Aptitudes are natural talents or abilities for learning specific skills. People usually consider their natural talents when identifying occupations, because their abilities are an indication of what type of work they will be able to do the best and enjoy the most. For example, a person with good hand skills who has the ability to attractively combine colors and materials might consider a career in design or visual merchandising. Mental health is a person's soundness of mind. Personal conduct is the way a person behaves. Social attitude is a person's point of view about society.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 174]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. A
Write the interviewer a follow-up letter. Expressing appreciation for the interview is just as important when you know you won't get the job as it is when you believe you might be hired. It makes a good impression on the company, puts your name into their files and, in some cases, may make them reconsider their decision. The letter should be written while the details of the interview are fresh in your mind. After that, you might want to find out about training for the skill you lack and to look for a similar job opportunity. There is no basis for filing a complaint in this case.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 71]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. C
The ability to speak a foreign language. While it might be helpful in attracting new clients, the ability to speak a foreign language is not an essential qualification for working as a financial analyst or personal financial advisor. Essential qualifications include mathematical and analytical skills, good communication skills, and the ability to work independently.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. B
Tellers. There are a wide range of employment opportunities available in banking; however, most employees begin their careers as tellers. Tellers must learn about all the products and services that are available as well as work with customers on a regular basis. Effective tellers are often promoted to head teller when positions become available. From that point, they may move into higher levels of management such as branch manager or manager of a specific department. Many banks prefer to promote from within, which creates new opportunities for successful tellers. Interns usually are students who are learning more about the banking industry. Banks usually do not have volunteers or hire apprentices.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (pp. 3-4). Washington: Author.
94. D
Continuing education classes. Many finance professionals are required to have a certain level of education to perform their jobs. In addition to obtaining the necessary education, many finance professionals must pass an exam to receive a license, so they can carry out specific finance activities. And, in many jurisdictions, finance professionals are required to take continuing education classes every year from accredited institutions to maintain and keep their licenses. To maintain their professional licensure, finance professionals are not required to participate in staff meetings, chamber of commerce activities, or liberal training programs.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Certified Financial Planner. (n.d.). Continuing education standards. Retrieved October 27, 2009, from http://www.cfp.net/certificants/ce.asp#1
95. C
Build business contacts. A professional organization is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. The primary focus of the professional organization is to expand professional knowledge and maintain high professional standards. Joining a professional organization helps financial planners network with others in the same field. Networking provides financial planners with information about employment opportunities and prospective client contacts. Financial planners do not join professional organizations to establish personal priorities, formulate business plans, or develop organizational charts.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Kearsley, S. (n.d.). It pays to join a professional association. Retrieved October 27, 2009, from http://www.jobweb.org/studentarticles.aspx?id=898
96. D
Damaged reputation. The purpose of an ethics training program is to advise employees about the business's expectations in relation to workplace behavior. When employees don't have a clear understanding of the business's expectations, they put the business at risk. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. If employees cross ethical lines, and perhaps break the law, the business may obtain a poor reputation. When a business experiences a poor or damaged reputation, customers may start buying from the business's competitors, which reduces the business's sales and profits. Unethical behavior increases the risk of workplace conflict. If the business is unable to pay its debts, the business's credit rating is likely to decrease.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Ebersole, G. (n.d.). Ten most significant risks and costs of unethical behavior in business. Retrieved October 29, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Ten-Most-Significant-Risks-andCosts-of-Unethical-Behavior-in-Business&id=427722
97. D
Encouraging employees to report workplace misconduct. When employees exhibit unethical behavior, it places employers at risk. Risk might include financial losses related to theft, embezzlement, government fines, and lawsuits. To lower risk, businesses should implement procedures that encourage employees to report workplace misconduct. By providing a way to report misconduct to management, the business can take corrective action to prevent further unethical behavior. Businesses develop policies to maintain a fair environment. If employees can change policies at anytime, the risk of unethical activity increases. Some records, such as personnel files and customer financial data, are confidential, and should not be available for all employees to view. Using company resources (e.g., expensive equipment) can increase risk because untrained employees may break or misuse the equipment.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Ebersole, G. (n.d.). Ten most significant risks and costs of unethical behavior in business. Retrieved October 29, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Ten-Most-Significant-Risks-andCosts-of-Unethical-Behavior-in-Business&id=427722
98. A
Surveillance cameras. By placing surveillance cameras throughout the facility, the business can monitor activities. Visible surveillance cameras tend to discourage robbery and theft. If an individual robs or steals from the business, the surveillance camera will provide a videotape of the activities, which increases the chances of catching the assailant. Electronic cash registers are used to process sales transactions. Kiosks are structures located in public places that are designed to provide information and sell products. Deadbolt locks are manual rather than electronic security devices.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R. C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 69-70, 185, 187-188). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
99. D
Accurate financial records. Many internal and external factors affect the business's level of risk—the possibility of financial loss. To remain viable in the marketplace, a business must take steps to minimize risk. One internal control that businesses use to minimize risk is to maintain accurate financial records. Businesses must comply with government regulations (e.g., pay taxes). If the business fails to comply with the regulations, it could be subject to penalties and fines that can be very costly to the business. By maintaining accurate financial records, businesses can minimize these types of risks. If the business orders too much inventory, it risks financial loss on the products that it cannot move. If the business implements lenient credit policies, it increases risks associated with delinquent and nonpaying customers. Substandard equipment may be prone to malfunctioning, and may be hazardous for employees, which increases the business's risk levels.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: International Federation of Accountants. (2007, August). Internal control from a risk-based perspective. Retrieved October 28, 2009, from http://www.ifac.org/members/DownLoads/Internal_Control_from_a_Riskbased_Perspective_August_2007.pdf
100. D
Information. Information resources are made up of knowledge, facts, or data. All forms of information are an important resource for a business. Human resources are people who work to produce goods and services. Material resources are equipment and suppliers used by businesses in their operation. Financial resources are all the sources of money available to the business.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 6—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1040
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Whenever someone promises to do something in exchange for something. This exchange of money, things, time, ideas, etc., is what distinguishes a contract from a gift. Promising to give something to someone else is not a contract because no exchange occurs. Contracts can be binding whether or not money is involved, or whether they are drawn up by a lawyer or private individuals.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 210-212]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. D
Protect natural resources. The primary purpose of environmental regulations is to protect natural resources, including the air, soil, and water. Environmental laws require businesses to control the amount and type of pollution they release into the environment and to use appropriate measures for the disposal of hazardous waste. By following environmental regulations, businesses are complying with the government's efforts to protect natural resources by keeping air, soil, and water safe for consumption. Antitrust laws prevent monopolies, which are conditions that reduce competition in the marketplace. Encouraging business development and safeguarding business structures are not the primary purpose of environmental laws.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 664-666]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. D
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act is also known as the Financial Modernization Act of 1999. The main feature of the Act concerns the privacy of customers' financial information. To guarantee the privacy of that information, the Act also requires financial institutions to develop and maintain techniques and methods for protecting the information. The intent is to prevent private financial information from becoming public. The Fair Credit Billing Act, the Robinson-Patman Act, and the Sherman Antitrust Act are not recent and do not concern protecting customer information.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (p. 466). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
4. B
Tax-deferred income. Certain types of investments or funds are not taxed until the money is being used, such as money in an individual retirement account (IRA) that retirees use for living expenses. Capital gains refer to the difference between the purchase price and selling price of an investment. For example, the capital gains on a house purchased for $250,000 and sold for $300,000 is $50,000. Dividends are subject to dual taxation—both the company and the shareholder pay tax on stock earnings. Taxexemption involves money that is not taxed, such as certain types of charitable donations.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 262). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
5. B
Control risk. Failure to comply with regulations may result in penalties, fines, or imprisonment for employees who knowingly violate laws. Also, noncompliance may damage a financial institution's reputation, which often reduces its investors' and customers' trust in the company, and ultimately affects its bottom line in a negative way. Therefore, it is important for financial institutions to take steps to ensure that they are complying with regulations. Compliance is one way that financial institutions can control or lower their level of risk. Businesses control their risk levels by monitoring regulatory changes, such as tax-rate increases. Compliance can reduce the risk of insolvency, but cannot ensure solvency.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 41-42). South-Western Cengage Learning.
6. B
Real-time transaction inspections. A virtual auditor is a type of compliance technology that uses multiple reasoning processes to help businesses identify errors and compliance violations. Because virtualauditor technology continuously inspects financial transactions and processes in real time, businesses can identify and resolve problems quickly, which helps them comply with government regulations. Just-intime is an inventory method in which goods are ordered so that they arrive when they are needed, rather than being stockpiled. An electronic data interchange (EDI) allows the exchange of purchasing and inventory information between businesses and their suppliers. Continuous quality control involves monitoring products to ensure that inputs, construction, and quality are consistent.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (n.d.). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved June 18, 2010, from http://www.oversightsystems.com/whitepapers/IT_4_biz_improvement_060725.pdf
7. B
Government publications. Government agencies and departments collect relevant information concerning many issues and publish the information in a written format. Therefore, government publications are a good source of relevant, valid written material that may be useful to businesses. For example, government agencies publish information about economic and employment trends that businesses use in the planning process. Internet chat rooms are sites on which individuals communicate with each other in real time and are not a source of relevant valid written material. Personal e-mails are messages to friends rather than a source of relevant, valid written material. Computer-generated memos do not necessarily contain relevant, valid written material.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. C
Articulation. Articulation is speaking distinctly and clearly and pronouncing words precisely. Proper articulation is important in order to communicate exactly what you are trying to say to others. To have a good speaking voice, you should use proper articulation and avoid mumbling, slurring, or mispronouncing words. Grammar is the rules of language. Vocabulary is a list or collection of words. Documentation is the use of printed materials to substantiate facts.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 35]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
9. C
Ask questions. When giving verbal directions, it is important to regularly ask questions to make sure the audience understands the directions. Asking if listeners understand a certain word or phrase will provide feedback that indicates understanding. Many times, listeners will not admit that they do not understand, and the only way to find out is to ask questions. Maintaining eye contact, using gestures, and explaining information are techniques for giving verbal directions. However, they will not indicate if the audience understands the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 113-115]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. B
Accompany other written material. A transmittal letter is sent along with other documents or reports as an introduction and explanation. The purpose of a transmittal letter is to identify what is being sent so that the recipient will know what should be included and if any action needs to be taken. The other alternatives would require letters that apply to the specific situation. A letter of congratulations would extend good wishes, a letter of apology would make amends with a customer, and a sales letter would try to sell specific products.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dufrene, D.D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Cincinnati, OH: South-Western College Publishing.
11. C
Appeal to their needs. The purpose of writing persuasive messages is to convince customers to do something, such as buy a product or pay an overdue bill. To encourage them to take the correct action, it is important to appeal to their needs and show them why it is a benefit to do what you want them to do. For example, if you want customers to buy a new product, explain how that product will benefit them, such as by saving money or speeding up production. Customers are more likely to respond favorably when they understand how their needs will be satisfied. It is not effective to use aggressive words or demand a customer's attention as these techniques often offend customers. Making a prediction is not as effective as stating a fact or providing logical evidence to support your message.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2007). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-334]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
12. A
Internal audience. Memorandums are a type of simple written report that business employees often prepare to provide information to others within the business. Since memorandums are usually intended to be read by an internal audience, they are less formal and shorter than traditional business letters. They often provide information about the progress of current projects or an explanation of upcoming events. Not all businesses have boards of directors or planning committees. However, these are examples of internal audiences that may, or may not, receive memorandums. A group of suppliers is an external audience.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 97-99]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. C
Human relations problems. Workers who lack good communication skills have trouble making themselves understood and sharing information with others. This can cause problems among employees, especially those who work closely together. Job understanding might decrease if a supervisor has poor communication skills. Shared job responsibilities and efficiency in the work area are benefits of good communication among employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 277, 296). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
14. B
Arguing. Business employees should never argue with other employees when participating in staff meetings. Arguing is not a productive activity and often causes hard feelings. Even if someone in the meeting tries to start an argument, it is not appropriate for employees to participate. The person leading the meeting should control the situation so arguments do not start or continue. When participating in staff meetings, employees usually talk and they often agree on issues and review important information.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 329-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. D
Decrease in sales. Maintaining good customer/client relations is important to a business because customers who receive poor treatment may never return to the business. When customers fail to return, businesses often experience a decrease in sales. Also, customers who are poorly treated may tell their friends and others about the treatment, and these people may decide not to buy from the business, thereby adding to the decrease in sales. Failing to maintain positive customer/client relations probably would not result in a loss of advertisers, a reduction in assets, or a lowering of goals.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2002). Customer service: Business 2000 (p. 19) South-Western.
16. D
“What type of discount will my company receive if the invoice is paid within 30 days?” Because customers ask different types of questions, employees should be knowledgeable about many areas of the business. Sometimes, customers want information about the business's various policies or rules. Businesses develop policies that address issues related to credit, payment, discounts, returns, etc. To help customers obtain the information they desire, employees should know these policies or be able to find out about them from someone else within the company. In the example, the customer wants to know about discounts in relation to payment policies. Inquiries about colors, sizes, availability, and catalogs relate to the business's products.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B.A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 135, 251-252]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
17. D
Slow/Methodical. These customers are insecure; therefore, they doubt their selections and require more time to make a final buying decision. You'll find that this customer type often relies on a friend or relative to help make buying decisions. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help. Domineering/Superior customers are overly self-confident and feel that they know more than the average person. Suspicious customers question everything and want facts before being convinced that something is true.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
18. C
What are the client's expectations? To provide the level of service that their clients desire, finance professionals need to understand and know the level of service and communication that their clients expect. To build long-term client relationships, finance professionals should participate in ongoing communication with clients, which includes following up with clients to answer questions and resolve problems. Answering questions about personal career goals and personal financial returns are not directly related to providing the appropriate levels of service to clients.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: American Bankers Association. (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (pp. 170-171). Washington: Author.
19. B
Customer discovery. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among data. Businesses use data mining processes to identify new markets and discover the customers who are most likely to purchase their products by sorting through various types of data. Then, businesses can take steps to promote their products to the prospects or customers who have the most buying potential after discovery takes place. A vendor is a supplier. Input is feedback.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 172]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
20. A
Trade-off. All economic choices, including the manager's, involve trade-offs. Trade-offs involve giving up all or part of one thing in order to get something else. The trade-offs that a person or organization is willing to accept should be based on the opportunity costs involved. The manager would prefer that her workers produce higher quality products, even if that means that they can't produce as many products as they would have otherwise. The opportunity cost of the manager's decision is the lost benefits and income that additional products would have generated. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. A capital good is a manufactured or constructed item that is used in production. Distribution is an economic process or activity by which income is divided among resource owners and producers.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
21. B
Promotion. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, or ideas to customers or clients. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Businesses promote their goods and services in order to increase the demand for them. Distribution is the process of shipping, handling, and storing items on the way from the producer to the consumer. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
22. D
Be a failure. When a business is not concerned about the safety and quality of its products or about the products' users, the products often do not sell, and the business does not survive. This is the wrong attitude for the business to take, and it prevents the business from growing and prospering. The business may, instead, lose so much money that it becomes insolvent.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
23. C
Investors prefer companies they perceive to be ethical. Unethical business practices may lower a company's stock prices because investors prefer companies they perceive to be ethical. When a company loses investors and has a negative public image, its stock prices will suffer. The government does not always fine unethical companies. Employees' leaving an unethical company will not necessarily affect its stock prices. Unethical companies sometimes go bankrupt, but not always.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
24. B
Price-directed. The U.S. private enterprise economy is often called a price-directed system because price determines what consumers buy, which jobs they will take, the success or failure of businesses, and the types of products that will be produced. Prices are important in making the system work correctly. The U.S. economic system is not pure or controlled. Instead, it is considered a mixed economy because there is limited government control. Laissez-faire is not a type of economic system but a management style in which employees work with very little direct supervision.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
25. D
Transferring. Requiring a contractor to purchase a surety bond is an example of transferring risk—shifting the risk to someone else. If the contract is not fulfilled as expected, the surety bond is paid to the business that stands to lose. Retaining risk is keeping it. Reducing risk is preventing or controlling it. Preventing risk is taking measures to reduce the risk.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
26. A
Part-time; discouraged. Part -time workers could also be counted as partially unemployed. Some work part-time through choice, while others cannot find full-time employment. Discouraged workers are often placed within the category of “not in the labor force,” though they might have been actively seeking employment for sometime. Discouraged, they often give up the search and choose to not rejoin the labor force. Seasonal unemployment is common and does not cause understatement in reports of national unemployment. Efficient workers have no effect on the reports of national unemployment.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies(16th ed.) [p. 136]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
27. D
Importing. The buying of goods and services from other nations is known as importing. Producing is the process of growing, providing, or manufacturing goods and services. Distributing is the process of shipping, handling, and storing items on the way from the producer to the consumer. Exporting is the selling of goods and services to individuals, businesses, or governments in other countries.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
28. A
Individuality is overlooked. A stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. Stereotyping tends to classify certain people in groups (e.g., gender, race, age) that possess certain characteristics. These characteristics are often based on unproven, false, or distorted beliefs and information. Stereotyping does not consider the individual's unique skills, beliefs, and attitudes. Stereotyping tends to foster biased attitudes in the workplace and can lead to an “us versus them” attitude, which creates a negative, less productive work environment. To cultivate a positive work environment, employees must recognize their differences and embrace diversity. By embracing diversity, self-directed work teams tend to function more efficiently. Although withholding certain information from employees can lower the level of trust in the workplace, it does not relate to stereotyping.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 269-270). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
29. A
Learn all they can about the company. Learning about the company on your own initiative demonstrates your sincere interest in the business. This might include, but is not limited to, learning about the company's future plans. Taking part in community activities is a personal choice, not initiative. Making sure they receive appropriate benefits is part of the employment process.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
30. A
A coworker "borrowing" money from the petty cash fund. Some situations at work are unethical even though they are not serious. An example is a coworker "borrowing" money from the petty cash fund. If the coworker does not replace the money, the coworker is stealing from the business. This is a situation than an ethical employee should report to management. It is not unethical for coworkers to call friends during the lunch break, explain company discounts to customers, or pay the business to ship a personal package.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
31. D
“I'm sure everything will work out fine.” The phrase, “I'm sure everything will work out fine,” is an example of optimism. An optimist is a person with a positive attitude, who looks on the bright side. An optimist would be likely to think that everything will work out fine, even if faced with temporary problems or obstacles. The other phrases are negative. They are examples of pessimism.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
32. B
Harmonious. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. It is a trait that helps you to interact with other people. People with empathy are sensitive, understanding, have a good imagination, and keep an open mind. As a result, they are usually able to develop harmonious relationships with others. Empathy does not create competitive or erratic relationships, or ensure that relationships will be continuous.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
33. B
You have the right to choose the way you respond to your circumstances. Don't excuse yourself by blaming your passive or aggressive behavior on your circumstances. No matter what your circumstances, you have the right to choose the way in which you respond to those circumstances. Take full responsibility for your behavior, and resolve to change it when it is inappropriate. Passive behavior is never a good response to aggression as it usually encourages the aggressive person to continue.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. A
Establish ground rules. A consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member—every member must agree to the same decision or outcome. Consensus building is the process of coming to a consensus. During the consensus-building process, frustration can occur among group members. Therefore, it is important to set ground rules, or consistent expectations for each group member's behavior, to keep tension from escalating. In consensus building, every group member has an equal level of power, so there are no leaders. Voting is a decision-making method in which votes are counted for or against an alternative, and whichever alternative has the greatest number of "yes" votes, wins. With consensus, no member wins because each member must agree with the decision. Consensus-building activities might include setting a time limit, but that is an issue that the group members discuss when they are establishing ground rules.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard!
35. C
Being an example. Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure as it works toward the vision is being an example and a sure sign of solid leadership. This responsibility does not necessarily relate to working relationships, demonstrating enthusiasm, or being a good listener.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
36. C
Political relationships. Individuals who develop effective political relationships within an organization usually are able to obtain power because others respect them and believe in them. Individuals who have power often have the ability to influence others to do what they want them to do. Individuals who work well with others, make friends within the organization, and project competence are building relationships that will give them power. Individuals will not necessarily be able to obtain power within an organization by developing occupational skills, positive attitudes, or operational goals. However, this might help them to perform better on the job.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 274-277]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
37. A
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 232-233]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
38. D
Installment credit. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit which is to be paid off in regular installments. The credit user makes a down payment and signs an agreement to pay monthly installments, including interest, until the total is paid. Revolving credit limits the total amount of money that may be owed and charges interest on outstanding balances. A credit card is an identification card that permits the credit account holder to charge purchases to the credit account. Open-account credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
39. C
Return to the place of purchase. Most merchants are eager to work with customers to resolve disputes about sales. This is also the remedy that consumes the least amount of time. If the dispute is not resolved, his next step should be to contact company headquarters and speak to someone there. If the dispute is still not resolved, then he should seek a third party to arbitrate the situation. If all of these steps fail, he should take legal action against the home-improvement store.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 107-109). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. D
To increase wealth. Many businesses have cash remaining after all of the expenses have been paid. As a result, they often invest these funds to increase the wealth of the business. For example, a business that invests $5,000 in a stock that appreciates 8% in value in a year, then has an asset worth $5,400. As the business continues to invest, its wealth continues to increase. Purchasing stock is a type of investment. Businesses do not make investments to balance cash or monitor deposits.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 493-495). Boston: Addison Wesley.
41. A
Spring break. You would save money for spring break, rather than invest for it. Saving is important for reaching short-term financial goals, such as vacations. Investing is for reaching long-term financial goals, such as retirement, your children's college education, and home ownership.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
42. A
Insurance policy. Individuals maintain a variety of financial records, and one of these is an insurance policy. In many cases, individuals have several types of insurance policies, such as automobile, homeowner's, health, life, etc. These policies pay claims that have cash value. For example, if an individual's home is damaged due to a tornado, a homeowner's policy will pay for repairs, which saves money for the homeowner. It is important for individuals to keep a record of these policies so they will know what is covered and for how much. Cashier's checks, product warranties, and travel reports are not financial records that individuals should maintain.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 411-413). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. A
Penalty. A penalty is a punishment. The government depends on income tax to support public programs. When people do not provide income tax information when it is needed, the government often imposes a penalty, usually a fine or fee. Ongoing failure to report income can result in imprisonment. The government does not offer a refund or allowance for missing an important deadline. However, a person can file for an extension to avoid being penalized for missing a filing deadline.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R. J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 390-391, 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. A
Mortgage company. A primary function of a non-deposit financial institution is to lend money to qualified customers. For example, mort gage companies arrange loans for individuals to purchase homes and for businesses to purchase office buildings, production facilities, or warehouses. Deposit-taking financial institutions accept funds from customers (depositors) and pay interest on the accepted funds. Credit unions, commercial banks, savings and loan associations (banks), and mutual savings banks are types of deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 18-19). South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. D
Money. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. Money markets facilitate the buying and selling of short-term, low-risk financial products, such as treasury bills and certificates of deposit. Capital markets buy and sell long-term securities such as corporate and municipal bonds. Commodities markets are involved with the buying and selling of various resources such as agricultural goods and mined goods, which are often used to make other products. Modified is not a type of financial market.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 7). South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. C
One-stop shopping. Convergence is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors, and consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. An advantage to consumers of the convergence and consolidation in the finance industry is the creation of "one-stop" shopping, which reduces the need to go to different financial providers for different financial products. Convergence and consolidation do not always make decision making easier for consumers, nor does it guarantee earnings on their investments. Convergence and consolidation usually provide more liquid capital for the financial institutions rather than for consumers.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
47. C
Business expansion slows quickly. Slower business expansion is one factor that indicates an economic recession. When business productivity slows, there is less work for laborers. When there is less work for laborers, businesses tend to lay off employees, causing unemployment rates to rise. Unemployment leads to less consumer spending because the displaced workers do not have income available to buy goods and services, including financial products. Fluctuating interest rates do not always indicate problems with financial markets because slight daily fluctuations are normal. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is rebounding, that people are working, and that people have more money to invest in the financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. B
More domestic competition. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders, which includes the integration of financial markets, especially capital markets. Due to increased domestic competition, financial companies have been seeking new markets in foreign countries. Other factors that have encouraged financial globalization include reduced regulation and a movement from fixed exchange rates to floating exchange rates.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
49. B
Online brokerage firm. Online brokerage firms provide clients with securities information via the Internet. Generally, online brokerage firms offer fewer services than full-service brokerage firms, so clients assume more responsibility for managing their own investments. A stockbroker is a licensed person who has the authority and expertise to buy and sell securities on behalf of a client. Stockbrokers often charge high fees or earn high commissions. Certified insurance agents and risk management officers do not always possess securities expertise or have reliable information about securities.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 294-295). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. A
Lowest paid price in 52 weeks. A securities or stock table is a format used to list stock quotes in newspapers and on web sites. The table helps people monitor the performance of a company's stock. To analyze the volatility of stock, an investor or potential investor can compare the highest price paid with the lowest price paid within a 52-week period. If a stock's price rises or falls sharply, it is said to be volatile, which means investors can earn or lose a great deal of money by owning the stock. Rate of return is the reward or benefit received in return for an investment, recorded as a percentage of the investment. Price-earning ratio (PE) is the financial ratio that shows how much investors are willing to pay for each dollar of earnings. A dividend is a portion of a company's profits, paid to shareholders, usually on a quarterly basis. The rate of return, price-earnings ratio, and estimated dividends would not give investors enough information to analyze the stock's volatility.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 037—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
51. C
Increase the amount of their deductible. By increasing the amount of their deductible, people accept more risk, thereby reducing the carrier's risk. This results in reduced monthly premiums for individuals. However, if the person uses healthcare services, s/he would have more out -of-pocket expenses than with a lower deductible. Making quarterly payments will not impact the cost of insurance coverage. Increasing the amount of liability coverage would increase a person's insurance costs; however, liability coverage is not an aspect of health insurance coverage. Enrolling in the carrier's disability coverage would increase a person's monthly costs.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 350-351]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
52. D
Bonding. Bonding means that the employer buys insurance coverage to protect the business against possible employee theft. Should the bonded employee lose or steal anything of value, the insurance company will reimburse the business for the loss. The employee is covered, in insurance terms, by the bond. The business may also monitor or restrict the employee's activities on the job, but those terms do not refer to bonding.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
53. D
Current financial situation. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. It indicates what the business owns, what it owes, and its worth as of a certain date. By preparing a balance sheet, a business can determine if it has sufficient assets to cover its liabilities and still have money remaining, or if its liabilities are more than its assets. A business does not prepare a balance sheet to determine its average cash flow, estimated annual income, or future sales goal.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 592-594). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. A
Make appropriate business decisions. Businesses track a variety of accounting and financial data. The data are presented as information to businesspeople to evaluate and to make business decisions. To make sound business decisions, the financial data must be accurate, current, and relevant. Making a decision based on incorrect or outdated data could be very costly to a business. Businesses use projectmanagement software to track projects. Businesses implement effective financial-information management processes to be in compliance with government regulations. Businesses evaluate, rather than revise, economic indicators.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 341-342). South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. D
Monitoring its security measures continuously. Ethical businesses realize the importance of protecting their customers' confidential financial information. To ensure data confidentiality, businesses must continuously monitor the security of their information systems. If security problems occur, businesses might need to upgrade their computer firewalls, change passwords or encryption methods, or limit employees' access to certain types of information. Storing information on multiple online databases and changing Internet service providers are not actions that improve the security of confidential financial information. Reducing the use of encryption techniques may increase the risk of unauthorized access to confidential financial information.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 355-359). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
56. C
Share information. Financial information must be available to the people who need it, when they need it. Often, several employees need to be able to access the financial data at the same time. Businesses that organize and store their financial data in central databases and provide the ability for multiple, qualified users to access the data are supporting an environment of information sharing and collaboration. The primary purpose for storing and retrieving internal financial data is to monitor and evaluate internal business activities rather than monitor competitors' activities. Measures to secure the database reduce the risk of unauthorized access to the business's financial data. Businesses can often develop contracts without financial data that are retrieved from a database.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. C
Integrated. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record data or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting tasks involve keeping and interpreting financial records, such as monitoring accounts receivable and payable, processing payroll, and tracking cash-flow. Each of these accounting activities requires different types of reports, and by using integrated software, a business can retrieve raw data from a central location and transform them into meaningful information using related software functions. Spreadsheet applications may be one function that is included in integrated software packages. Cost-based refers to a budgeting or pricing strategy. Simulation software applications are programs designed to reflect real situations and are often used in training environments.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Visma. (2010). Software for finance, logistics, payroll, and accounts. Retrieved July 6, 2010, from http://www.visma.com/Software/What-we-offer/
58. B
Decision tree. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. To begin the data-mining process, the business must first define the research question. Then, the business must identify the types of data available and how they are stored in the database. After identifying this information, the business decides which approach to use to mine the data. A decision tree is an approach in which the data are categorized or segmented into meaningful, related groups based on certain characteristics that are defined by the set of rules (criteria) that the business establishes. Using the tree analogy, the trunk represents all of the data, each branch contains certain characteristics, and each leaf contains subcategories of related branch characteristics. The rule induction approach involves the use of "if…then…" rules or scenarios to mine or obtain data. The neural networking approach uses computer applications that mimic the ways in which the human brain processes data, which often involve sequencing data patterns. The fuzzy logic approach uses broad or vague concepts to set rules, such as "high" or "low."
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
59. A
Dividends. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Income is the money received by a business from outside sources. Businesses generate income from product sales (cash and credit), interest earned, and investments. Dividends are income earned on stock investments. Interest on debt (e.g., a bank loan) is a business expense.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2009). Business budget worksheet. Retrieved July 7, 2010, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/businessbudgeting/a/budget_wksheet.htm
60. A
Asset utilization. Businesses use computer-software applications to calculate various types of financial ratios. Businesses use many types of financial ratios to evaluate different aspects of their processes, including their profitability, performance, and efficiency. Asset-utilization ratios help businesses determine if they are using their assets, inventory, and cash in the most effective ways. If the asset-utilization analysis indicates low efficiency, then businesses can take steps to isolate and fix the problems. Financial analysts use market-value ratios to evaluate stocks and liquidity ratios to evaluate a business's ability to pay its short-term debts. Financial analysts use profitability ratios to evaluate the overall financial success of the business.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Hillstrom, L. (n.d.). Financial ratios. Retrieved July 6, 2010, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Ex-Gov/Financial-Ratios.html
61. D
Expense analysis. Ongoing technological advancements help businesses efficiently retrieve needed financial information in the desired format via complex computer systems. An expense analysis is a financial-information tool that allows a business to track the money that flows out of its various departments. For example, a business may obtain a listing of travel expenses for employees (e.g., salespeople) during a certain timeframe. The business may use the expense analysis to determine if the department is operating within budget, and where, how, and by whom the money is being spent. An accounts-receivable analysis provides information about money owed to the business by its customers. A revenue analysis provides information about money flowing into the business from a variety of sources, including accounts-receivable. A billing analysis provides financial information related to the business's billing (invoicing) processes.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy. (2010). Financial analysis. Retrieved July 6, 2010, from http://www.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
62. D
Structured Query Language (SQL). Computer programmers use various languages to develop computer programs. The language is the foundation of the particular program—it "tells" the computer what to do in relation to the computer user's keystrokes. Structured Query Language (SQL) is the foundation for developing relational databases. A relational database contains tables of separate, yet related, files or data organized in a computer system. The SQL allows computer users to access and manipulate these tables to obtain the desired information quickly and efficiently. Individuals and businesses use HyperText Markup Language (HTML) to develop and maintain web site applications. Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language (SMIL) is used to develop multimedia applications. Rich Text Format (RTF) is a text (document) file application developed by Microsoft.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Gilfillian, I. (2002, June 24). Introduction to relational databases. Retrieved July 19, 2010, from http://www.databasejournal.com/sqletc/article.php/1469521/Introduction-to-RelationalDatabases.htm
63. B
Internal audit committees. The government requires corporations to provide investors and independent auditors with certain types of financial information. Corporations that do not provide accurate and timely financial information in the appropriate format run the risk of being fined by the government. Some corporations have internal audit committees to review and verify the accuracy and integrity of their financial reports before they are distributed to the appropriate audiences. Mediation teams and grievance boards work to resolve interpersonal conflicts among employees or groups of employees. Performance evaluation groups assess an employee's or project team's work performance.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: The Institute of Financial Auditors. (2010). Why should an organization have an internal audit committee? Retrieved July 8, 2010, from http://www.theiia.org/theiia/about -theprofession/internal-audit-faqs/?i=1085
64. B
Take steps to obtain or save cash to cover her expenses. Sometimes, businesses experience temporary or short-term cash-flow problems. This can happen when the anticipated inflow of cash falls short and expenses remain the same or when cash flow remains the same and expenses increase. And, if this situation happens, the business needs to determine how to handle it. The business may choose to take out a short-term loan, ask vendors for payment extensions, or postpone certain purchases. If the cashflow problem is relatively small and short-term, it is unlikely that Kendra would need to cut staff. Analyzing the depreciation rates of assets and calculating cash dividends will not resolve Kendra's short-term cashflow problems. Insufficient information is provided to determine if Kendra's company is a corporation, which is owned by stockholders.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
65. B
Accrual. The accrual accounting system records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time, such as a purchase made with credit. Most businesses use this method because it more accurately reflects the business's overall financial position. The cash accounting method records income and expenditures at the time the money changes hands; this can result in income and expenses not appearing in the same time period. Managerial accounting provides financial information internally to managers, which helps them make appropriate business decisions. Perpetual is a type of inventory system that updates inventory information on a continuous basis as transactions occur.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (1995-2010). Cash vs. accrual accounting. Retrieved July 20, 2010, from http://www.toolkit.com/small_business_guide/sbg.aspx?nid=P06_1340
66. A
Sales transactions. A trend is the direction in which something is moving. By continuously monitoring internal financial information, a business can identify trends, such as changes in the business's sales. One way that a business can monitor sales transactions is by analyzing invoices and sales receipts (e.g., credit card, cash). By comparing sales -transaction dollar amounts over a period of time, the business can determine if sales are increasing, decreasing, or remaining the same. If sales are decreasing, then demand for the products are decreasing. After the business determines that sales are decreasing, it needs to determine why, so it can take corrective action. Accounts-payable records, expense reports, and promotional budgets do not provide the type of financial information that would indicate a decrease in demand for the business's products.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 83). South-Western Cengage Learning.
67. A
Credit score. Credit scores are ratings that credit bureaus assign to an individual or business's credit history. Those who have consistently paid their credit cards, mortgages, loans, and other bills on time are more likely to have higher credit scores. Those who do not pay their bills on time or default on loans are likely to have low credit scores and may be refused loans or business credit. A financial institution is also likely to consider an applicant's liquid assets, debt ratio, current income, and employment status rather than his/her employment skills, or personal goals. Financial institutions evaluate loan applicants by considering their own lending policies.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Vohwinkle, J. (2010). The importance of your credit score. Retrieved July 7, 2010, from http://financialplan.about.com/od/creditdebtmanagement/a/importantcredit.htm
68. A
Qualified loan cosigner. Businesses and financial institutions consider many factors before extending credit or providing a loan to prospective customers. These factors include the customer's credit history and credit score, liquid assets, debt ratio, current income, and employment status. Because Francesca does not have much credit history to evaluate, the dealership is more likely to ask Francesca to get a cosigner for the loan. The cosigner agrees to cover the debt if Francesca defaults on the loan. Often, guardians, parents, or grandparents will agree to cosign for loans. Cosigners must meet certain criteria to qualify as a cosigner. Lenders can obtain credit reports from credit bureaus—the loan applicant does not need to provide the report. Francesca does not control when her employer increases her pay, so this option is not a consideration. Lenders do not request letters of intent from prospective customers.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2010). How to get a personal loan with a cosigner. Retrieved July 7, 2010, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2076665_get-personal-loan-cosigner.html
69. D
Comparing its data for six consecutive months. By comparing and contrasting two or more sets of financial data, the company can determine if there are differences and patterns among the data. Detecting these differences and patterns can indicate trends, such as customer defections, lower profits, or higher sales. By studying variances, the company can act on the identified trends by seeking new markets, cutting costs, adding, enhancing, or eliminating certain financial products, etc. Reviewing financial objectives and budgets is one set of data needed to analyze certain variances. The company needs to compare this data with actual sales and profits. To detect changes and take appropriate action, these types of comparisons should be made on a regular basis. Because businesses analyze different variances, they obtain reports from the purchasing and inventory control departments when they want to analyze purchasing activities and product sales. The situation does not provide enough information to determine what type of variances the company wants to analyze. Companies often analyze variances and consider the implications of the variances to forecast sales.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2010). Conducting variance analysis. Retrieved July 19, 2010, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel/HA011545141033.aspx
70. A
Orientation. Orientation is job preparation or induction training in which new employees are acquainted with their surroundings, receive general information about the company and its policies, and are given specific information about their jobs. Activities that take place during orientation include conducting a tour of the building and introducing the new employee to his/her coworkers. An evaluation is analysis of something, such as an employee's job performance. Screening occurs during the job application process. Administration describes a wide range of business activities and functions including information and communication management, data collection and processing, and project management.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 286-287]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
71. B
To control expenses. By selecting the most appropriate methods of distribution, marketers are able to control expenses, thereby improving a business's chances of making a profit. An effective distribution system also keeps marketers from tying up capital unnecessarily in inventory. Distribution systems enable marketers to have adequate supplies of goods in the right place at the right time. Purchasing supplies is an operations activity that relates to the business function. Selling benefits is part of the selling function of marketing. Regulating prices is part of the pricing function of marketing.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
72. B
Making unauthorized copies of software. Copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. Software is considered a creative work that is covered by copyright laws. If a business makes unauthorized copies of software that belongs to another organization that is also copyrighted, the business is violating the law. Businesses are not violating copyright laws if they obtain lists of customers, read about a patented invention, or review sales contracts.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 112-113]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
73. A
Hyperlink. Many pages on the World Wide Web are connected by hyperlinks. A business's home page may include hyperlinks that users can click on to jump to other pages on the business's web site. Some businesses include hyperlinks from their web sites to other related sites. For example, a business searching government agencies might be able to jump from the FBI's site to the CIA's site by clicking on the hyperlink for that agency. An attachment is an electronic file attached to an e-mail message. Software are programs that instruct computers to perform specific operations. A password enables a user to gain access to certain sites.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 164, 405]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. C
Word processing. Word-processing software programs are used to create documents that are primarily text but may contain some graphics. Database and spreadsheet programs are used to organize and analyze different types of data. Presentation software programs are used to develop visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. D
Manage all aspects of the operation. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all aspects of the operation, including planning sales, marketing, etc. For example, businesses can monitor the manufacturing process to track the level of inventory to know when products will be available to ship to customers and then generate invoices. Word processing software is used to develop research reports. Spreadsheet programs are used to prepare routine budgets. These programs, as well as programs that enable businesses to search the Internet, may be combined in an integrated software application package.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 206). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Some CDs/DVDs last only a decade. If Juanita plans to access her business records 30 years from now, she should store her information in a medium that will last that long. Unfortunately, some CDs/DVDs last only 10 years. It may be true that some CDs/DVDs are unreadable or are not secure from hackers or theft. But, these drawbacks are not as significant as the fact that the medium needs to last—even if it is readable and secure. CDs/DVDs are not usually expensive.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
77. A
Population trend. Migration is a population trend that indicates the movement of people throughout the country as well as into and out of the country. Migration trends are important to businesses because businesses need to know where their customers are located. For example, many people are leaving colder climates and migrating to what is considered the Sunbelt. This movement affects businesses because the types of products they sell and the way they sell them will change. Also, the increased migration of ethnic groups into the country creates a need for new goods and services that meet the needs of a multicultural population. The migration of people from one location to another is not a geography issue, a transportation route, or a social lifestyle.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 74-75]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
78. D
You must focus only on relevant information. When conducting an environmental scan, you must focus only on relevant information. Information overload is all too easy to suffer in a modern world where knowledge is constantly available at the tips of our fingers. Scanning activities don't need to be formal— valuable information can be gathered through casual conversations with customers, vendors, etc. Information gathered from television can be useful, too. Surveys are a great tool for gathering information for an environmental scan.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
79. D
Intangible. The difference between service providers' and manufacturers' operations activities is that service providers produce intangible outputs, rather than the tangible goods that manufacturers create. The outputs may or may not be expensive, useful, or valuable.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. A
To correct dangerous situations. It is important to report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations in order to force businesses to correct dangerous situations. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses or employees do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported so the necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct dangerous situations; however, businesses may be fined if they continue to ignore the regulations. During the process of investigating a report of noncompliance, it may be necessary to interview all employees and obtain confidential records.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
81. D
Wearing inappropriate clothing. Not wearing safety goggles, hearing protectors, or a coverall can expose a worker to the risk of injury. Lacking job knowledge, having poor personal habits, and using unsafe equipment are other ways of risking safety in the workplace.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Ludden, L.V. (2003). Job savvy: How to be a success at work (3rd ed.) [pp. 49-50]. Indianapolis: JIST Publishing.
82. C
To make sure the project's quality doesn't suffer. It's important to think ahead about how you will monitor your project so that you will know how you will keep the quality level, the schedule, and the budget intact. You will not be practicing any monitoring during the planning stage. Monitoring occurs during project management. And, project management is also the time when you carry out the project. Picking the right helpers is beneficial, but it is not why you need to think ahead about monitoring your project.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
83. D
Extension. A purchase order is the form that a business fills out to order goods and services. It is considered a contract between the buyer and seller. As a contract, the purchase order contains information, such as the buyer, seller, shipping address, types and quantities of items needed, prices, etc. The extension indicates the total cost of each quantity of products the buyer is purchasing. The extension amount is determined by multiplying the quantity purchased by the price per unit. For example, if a purchase order indicates that a buyer wants 12 of product X, which costs $18 each, then the extension price for Product X is $216. The product code is the vendor's identification number for the item. The subtotal is the total cost of the order before taxes.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 210-211). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
84. C
Reducing complaints. Treating customers in a professional manner often helps to control business expenses. When employees serve customers efficiently, the customers are not likely to have complaints. Since handling complaints is an expense to the business, this effort saves money. Serving customers efficiently may increase volume rather than decrease it. Improved morale may result from serving customers efficiently, but it will not control expenses. Hopefully, efficient service will reduce returns; however, its impact cannot be specified.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 10, 57). Mason, OH: South-Western.
85. C
To keep employees occupied. Finding chores in order to keep employees busy is not a valid reason for assigning housekeeping responsibilities. Customers are attracted to well-organized, clean businesses. Housekeeping duties, therefore, help to support sales.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
86. A
Hygiene. In any given day, the habits and practices you do to take care of yourself and your body are called hygiene. Hygienic practices such as brushing your teeth after meals and showering daily are important to your overall personal appearance. Although relaxation and meditation may be activities that promote health, they do not describe the overall habits of taking care of your body. Likewise, education is not a habit or practice of good health.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
87. D
Ensuring you accomplish all your goals. Goal setting helps you to stay on target, to know what resources you need, and to measure your progress along the way. However, setting goals does not ensure that you will accomplish them in the end—you must continue working hard to make sure that happens.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
88. D
You feel strongly about an option. Emotion plays a significant role in the decision you make if you feel strongly about an option—because emotions are about your feelings. But a gut feeling is attributed to your insight or intuition. Being comfortable with risk and committed to a result are internal factors that affect your decision—but they are not directly tied to emotion's significant role in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
89. A
Take ability assessment tests. Ability assessment tests help individuals to identify their skills and their capacity to perform certain tasks. These tests will help them to decide what type of career would be of interest to them based on their skills. For example, a person with good communication skills might be interested in a career in sales or marketing. People cannot identify tentative career interests by finding out which majors are popular or by locating high-income occupations. Counselors may be able to suggest specific occupations based on the results of an ability assessment test.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 40). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. C
Draw a line through the blank or mark it NA. It is important for job applicants to let prospective employers know that they have read the entire application. The job applicant who encounters a question that s/he cannot answer should draw a line through the blank to indicate that s/he read the question. If the question does not apply to the applicant, NA (not applicable) can be written in the blank. Such questions can be discussed with the interviewer after the application is complete, but the applicant should know how to fill out the application without having to ask anyone. Creating an answer is deceptive, and leaving the space blank might give the impression that the question had been overlooked.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 715-718]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. D
Networking. Networking involves communicating with all of the people an individual knows who might be able to help with career opportunities. Research indicates that more people get jobs and advance in their careers through networking than through any other way of finding employment. Individuals who network regularly often are able to obtain the positions they want and move up the career ladder. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution. Interviewing involves meeting with a prospective employer in the anticipation of being offered a position. Mentoring involves an experienced worker acting as a guide to new employees.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 419]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. B
Pass a licensing exam. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, beginning securities sales agents, commonly called brokers, are required to pass a licensing exam to sell securities. They are not required to work with a mentor. They are required to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission only when they do a certain high volume of business. Typically, they do not settle for below-average salaries in exchange for short work weeks. The opposite is true—they can earn high salaries but often have to accommodate their clients' schedules by working nights and weekends.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. C
They are created and owned by members. Credit unions differ from commercial banks in that they are created and owned by their members. Membership is based on a common link among members, such as employment at the same company or residence in the same county. Credit unions usually offer lower fees and interest rates than commercial banks.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
94. D
Certified Public Accountant (CPA). The advantages of obtaining certification or licensure include more employment options, faster career advancement and promotion opportunities, and higher pay. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Accountants are individuals who carry out this process. To perform certain accounting activities, many jurisdictions require accountants to obtain a certification. To become a CPA, an individual must take and pass a four-part exam. In most situations, continuing education classes are required to maintain the certification. Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) is a licensure relating to the security of information technology and computer systems. Finance professionals who specialize in annuities obtain the Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS) certification. Actuaries analyze different types of risk and obtain Actuarial Science Certification (ASC). Actuaries often work for insurance companies.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: AccountingCoach, LLC. (2004-2010). CPA requirements. Retrieved July 19, 2010, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/careers/cpa-requirements.html
95. A
Conducting finance seminars. Holding seminars or workshops for individuals or small business owners provides financial planners with new business contacts and opportunities to network. Networking can help financial planners further their professional goals because they often obtain advice from other professionals, as well as gain referrals and clients. Providing money to charities, taking online classes, and reviewing educational requirements are activities that do not always involve contact with others; therefore, networking opportunities are less likely to occur.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Financial-seminar.net. (2008). Financial planning seminar. Retrieved July 19, 2010, from http://www.financial-seminar.net/financial-planning-seminar.html
96. C
The employees' personal ethics may differ from the business's ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. Because people differ, their personal ethics often differ. Employees often view ethics differently when they encounter "gray" situations, or situations in which there is not a clear right or wrong action or answer. Therefore, it is important for a business to clearly communicate its code of ethics to its employees, so they understand how they are to behave in business situations. By communicating the business's code of ethics in the workplace, the business is controlling or reducing its risk of potential legal problems (e.g., lawsuits) and financial losses, which may occur when employees do not know the business's ethical expectations and rules. Businesses often document ethical issues and expectations in their employee handbooks. Ethics are a stable pattern of behavior exhibited over time. Therefore, businesses do not frequently change their ethics. Governments do not require all businesses to offer ethics training programs.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 69-72). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
97. B
Firewalls. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on their computer networks. Firewalls are computer programs designed to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data. A frame allows a computer user the ability to view more than one web page at a time in a single browser. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 122-124). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
98. D
Financial losses in relation to lawsuits. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may face a lawsuit. If the business loses the lawsuit, it may be required to pay money to the plaintiff. For example, if an employee is severely injured on the job, s/he might decide to file a lawsuit against the business for negligent behavior. If the court finds that the business acted negligently because it didn't follow safety regulations, then the business may be required to pay the employee, which is costly to the business. Acquiring insurance that offers lower premiums saves the business money and is not always related to business regulations. Customer-satisfaction levels are not always related to the business's compliance issues. Businesses that develop and implement effective reporting methods can minimize their risk in relation to compliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 524-526, A-13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
99. D
Facility delays equipment repairs. When equipment is not working properly, it is more likely to break. When equipment breaks, it is more likely to cause employee injuries and production delays, which are costly to the business. When managers monitor their employees, they are ensuring that the employees are doing their jobs correctly, which reduces the risk of mistakes, accidents, theft, etc. A competitor's market-share gain and a change in the inflation rate are external factors that affect the business.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: International Federation of Accountants. (2007, August). Internal control from a risk-based perspective. Retrieved July 19, 2010, from http://www.ifac.org/members/DownLoads/Internal_Control_from_a_Riskbased_Perspective_August_2007.pdf
100. A
Use security cameras to monitor business activities. Security cameras tend to discourage robbery because potential robbers can see the cameras, know that they are being watched, and realize that they can be identified. Because security cameras discourage robbery, there is less risk of physical harm to employees and customers and financial losses for the business. To control risk of internal theft, financial institutions should limit their employees' access to secured areas, such as a bank vault. Most financial institutions require, rather than suggest, that customers use computer passwords to access their account information. To quickly detect mistakes, employees verify and balance their cash drawers every day.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: American Bankers Association. (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 150). Washington: Author.
Test 1047
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Ability to pay. The relationship between a creditor and a debtor is usually based on the debtor's ability to pay the creditor the amount that is owed. Businesses offer credit to increase sales; however, they expect customers to repay the debt. Therefore, creditors usually base their decision to offer credit to those who they believe have the ability to pay. Creditors establish a billing schedule and pricing method. They also determine the type of account to offer debtors. These factors do not influence the relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [pp. 412-413]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Sole proprietorship. Other advantages of a sole proprietorship are that it is easy to start, it has certain tax advantages, and the details of the business can be kept private. In a partnership, the profits are divided among the partners who sometimes disagree as to how profits should be divided. In a corporation, the profits are divided among the stockholders. The officers of the corporation are responsible for the actual operation and management of the firm. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources, such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
A senior manager tells a stakeholder that the government did not approve a new product because it did not meet safety standards. When a group of people have access to non-public information (material information) and make trades based on this knowledge, they have an unfair advantage over others. If the insider (senior manager) gives this information to others (stakeholders) so they can make trades based on the knowledge, both parties could be prosecuted for insider trading. In the example, the company's stock values are likely to be affected by the problems with a new product. When an employee shares material information with a person outside the company and who can act on the knowledge before it is revealed to the general public, it is an example of illegal insider trading. On the other hand, officers and board members of a company who buy or sell their own company's securities, and report the trades to the SEC, are not conducting illegal insider trading activities. Advising customers about mortgage rates, giving financial advice to a client, and providing an auditor with the company's material or financial information are not examples of insider trading.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Reh, F.J. (2010). Insider trading. Retrieved September 24, 2010, from http://management.about.com/cs/businessethics/a/InsiderTrade702.htm
4. D
Oversees the registration process for initial public offerings (IPOs). The SEC is the administrative agency that enforces securities regulations. The SEC works to ensure public companies fully disclose their financial information to investors and to protect the public from fraudulent activities related to the securities market. One function of the SEC is to oversee the registration process for corporations when they first offer stock to the public, which is called initial public offerings or IPOs. The SEC does not distribute dividends or sell securities. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board oversees the auditing processes of the public corporations' financial statements.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Mayo, H.B. (2007). Basic finance: An introduction to financial institutions, investments, & management (9th ed.) [pp. 26-31]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
5. A
Five -carat diamond ring. A luxury tax is levied on expensive, nonessential items such as luxury cars, valuable artwork, and expensive jewelry. A used mini van, a wool coat, and a laptop computer are not considered expensive, nonessential items.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Goettel, D., & Harris, B. (2010, September 8). What is a luxury tax? Retrieved September 24, 2010, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-luxury-tax.htm
6. A
Corrective. Corrective controls are initiatives taken to fix a problem that has already been detected. Hiring a compliance officer to monitor financial processes is a corrective action because someone had already detected data inconsistencies. Preventative controls involve actions to keep something from happening before it occurs. Product controls are activities the business uses to manage the processes, quality, and quantity of goods and services. Conditional controls allow certain actions to occur within a specific set of circumstances.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Internal controls: Notes 2. (n.d.). Retrieved October 5, 2010, from http://intraweb.stockton.edu/eyos/internal_audit/content/docs/icnote2.pdf
7. D
Detect compliance inconsistencies across different jurisdictions. Businesses use compliance software to aid them in detecting financial transaction problems. Because interstate and international commerce involves following different regulations in different locations, advanced compliance technologies can scan or audit the data to ensure their compliance with different jurisdictions' regulations and rules. The purpose of compliance software is not to evaluate a competitor's compliance, correct human-resource problems, or improve product quality and satisfaction levels.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: ComplianceEase. (n.d.). ComplianceAnalyzer: Automated compliance solutions. Retrieved October 12, 2010, from http://www.complianceease.com/mainsite/prod/prod_ca_overview.jsp?content=/opencms/CE Content/prod/prod_ca_overview_m.jsp&right=/opencms/CEContent/prod/r_critical_decision.j spn
8. C
To identify similar transactions. Comparative reasoning identifies and compares similar transactions and information. By identifying similarities in transactions, the business can conduct further research to determine if or how the transactions are related and if a problem exists, such as a single transaction having multiple entries. The temporal reasoning process evaluates the timing of financial transactions. Contextual reasoning is used to consider each financial transaction's circumstances and how it compares to historical patterns in the system. Businesses do not use comparative-reasoning processes to boost data storage systems.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (n.d.). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved October 12, 2010, from http://www.oversightsystems.com/whitepapers/IT_4_biz_improvement_060725.pdf
9. B
Listening. In order to carry out their supervisors' instructions satisfactorily, employees must understand those instructions correctly. This means that active listening is a necessary skill. Good speaking skills are also important in business but not as important to carrying out instructions as listening well. Giving feedback, or expressing an opinion, is not always a job requirement. Using the grapevine would involve circulating information that the business has not formally announced.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 671-672). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
10. B
Let the speaker know that the message has been received and understood. Active listening is primarily about understanding a speaker's meaning, not about communicating your agreement or voicing your own opinion. Active listening can help to make boring lectures more interesting, but that is not its purpose.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up (Active Listening)
11. C
Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts. This means that people can show their interest and enthusiasm by what they say and by the way they say it. Although body language conveys intent, people can communicate how they feel through their choice of words. The words that people use often express their interest and enthusiasm. A key element of verbal communication is listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 35, 155]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. D
To make the message more convincing. Messages usually are more persuasive if they are supported by logical evidence. Logical evidence is based on fact rather than on opinion. If businesses are writing persuasive messages to encourage customers to do something, such as buy a product, they should include logical evidence to make the message more convincing. Logical evidence is factual, however, it may not be interesting. Strong language may offend the recipient rather than help to explain the idea. Logical evidence is intended to be persuasive. It does not force the recipient to respond.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 302-303]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. D
Handwritten signature. Some memos are signed, but a memorandum usually has the name of the sender typed rather than written. The sender may write his/her initials next to the typed name. A date and a businesslike tone are appropriate in all memorandums. The subject is identified in the heading of the memo.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2006). Business and administrative communication (7th ed.) [pp. 582, 584]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
14. A
Current salary. Certain information is considered personal and confidential and should not be shared with coworkers. An employee's salary is confidential information between the business and the employee and should not be divulged to others. Inventory policy, promotional ideas, and operating hours are types of information that usually are available to all employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 185). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. A
People. The most important factor in a business's customer relations is its people. Employees “make or break” a business's efforts to build positive relations with customers. Business processes, business environment, and technology are also factors affecting a business's customer relations, but they are not as important as the human factor.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
16. A
Domineering/Superior. Domineering/Superior customers should be made to feel important and in charge which will help them to convince or sell themselves. Disagreeable customers are often surprised and calmed by salespeople who are composed, courteous, and efficient. Slow/Methodical customers may need more action on the salesperson's part in order to close within a reasonable period of time. Suspicious customers will often be your customer for life if you can gain their confidence and trust.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
17. A
Telling her customers about banking products. As a bank teller, Jana processes the customers' bank transactions and often tells them about the bank's products, such as credit cards, club accounts, and savings bonds. Certified finance professionals (financial planners) manage business retirement funds, and authorized stockbrokers trade commodities on behalf of their clients. Processing payroll for other businesses is beyond the scope of a teller's responsibilities.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 182). Washington: Author.
18. B
Certified Public Accountant. Accountants are responsible for collecting and preparing financial information. To ensure that corporations are in compliance with government reporting requirements, many certified public accountants (CPAs) prepare tax returns and conduct audits for corporations. Stockbrokers buy and sell securities, insurance agents sell insurance policies, and financial advisors help individuals and businesses grow their wealth through saving and investing.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Education Portal. (2003-2010). Certified public accountant career info, job duties, and employment options. Retrieved October 5, 2010, from http://educationportal.com/certified_public_accountant.html
19. B
Data warehousing. Data warehousing involves combining data from a variety of internal and external sources into one large database. A business can access current and historic data from a data warehouse to identify and monitor customer buying behavior, trends, etc. Businesses use project management computer applications to track resources and activities for short- and long-term projects. Electronic data interchange systems transmit sales and ordering information among a business and its suppliers. Data acquired from an electronic data interchange can be stored in a data warehouse. Systematic laddering is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: White, D., & Foster, N. (2010, September 25). What is data warehousing? Retrieved September 28, 2010, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what -is-data-warehousing.htm
20. C
Increasing or decreasing production. Successful producers devote a great deal of time and money to finding out exactly what consumers want. They know that their success depends on keeping careful records of what sells and what doesn't so that they can focus on satisfying the economic wants of consumers rather than their own wants. If a certain product is not wanted by consumers, its production will be cut back or stopped; however, if the item is popular, its production will be increased. A producer might hire a consulting firm to identify consumers' changing economic wants in order to respond to those wants.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Getting the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
21. B
Iron ore. Natural resources include those things that are provided to us by nature. Office equipment is a capital good. Capital goods are materials used in the production of other goods and services. Physical ability is an example of a labor resource. An electrician is a human resource.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
22. C
Seller's market. When the demand is greater than the supply and a product's price is lower than the equilibrium price, excess demand exists. Excess demand, also known as a shortage, can result in a seller's market. A seller's market is the best time for producers to sell and is characterized by large demand, small supply, and high prices. A buyer's market is the best time for consumers to buy and is characterized by large supply, small demand, and low prices. Excess supply is also known as a surplus. A price ceiling is a maximum legal price that businesses can charge for certain products.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
23. D
GDP per capita. GDP (gross domestic product) per capita is the average productivity of individual workers calculated by dividing the gross domestic product by the worker hours required to produce it. When a country's GDP per capita grows at a faster rate than its population, the country's economy can grow. The standard of living is affected by productivity. Management should improve workers' quality of work life to help to increase productivity. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of it (Productivity)
24. A
Decreased training time. One of the advantages of labor specialization is that worker training is simplified. It is much easier to train employees to do one task than it is to teach multiple tasks or an entire job. Advantages associated with labor specialization include increased production rates, increased skill level, and increased work quality.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: New World Encycopedia. (2008, October 16). Division of labor. Retrieved October 14, 2010, from http://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Division_of_labor
25. D
Nominal; real. While the firms' wages will remain the same nominally, the purchasing or real power of the wages will decrease with the decreasing value of money due to inflation. Bonuses are usually less in times of severe economic inflation and are not a measure of purchasing power. Total wages are just the sum of all wages paid to employees and, as the nominal wages are not adjusted, then the total wages would not be affected either. Total wages are not a measure of purchasing power.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies(16th ed.) [p. 147]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
26. A
Learn and understand. A person's cognitive ability is his/her ability to learn and understand. This is the kind of intelligence that allows you to do well in school, to solve problems, and to learn new skills. It is not characterized by hearing and responding, listening attentively, or communicating fluently.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. B
To be fair and equitable. Prejudice and bias are roadblocks that get in the way of judging others fairly and equitably. Prejudice and bias involve having opinions or making judgments based on feelings or hearsay, rather than on fact. To be fair and equitable, it is important to judge others on the basis of fact. Avoiding prejudice and bias when judging others does not necessarily improve negotiation, enable one to be persuasive, or make it possible to communicate effectively.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 222). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. C
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics. Ethics give people standards by which they can judge situations and decide what is the right thing to do. Dignity is pride. Conflicts are disagreements. Commitment is dedication or devotion to something or someone.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 416]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
29. B
Living up to their promises. Employees who are unethical are often viewed by their coworkers as incapable of living up to their promises or of giving straight answers. Unethical employees cause themselves many problems at work and often are shunned by their coworkers. Unethical employees are capable of using technology, having personal friends, and investing their funds wisely even though they might not be well liked or respected by their coworkers.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
30. C
Learn new skills. People with a positive attitude are open-minded and receptive to new ideas and new ways of doing things. This makes it easier for them to learn new skills, techniques, and methods. Being open-minded does not help individuals to remain cheerful or to develop patience. Being intolerant is the result of a negative attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
31. B
Personal information. Many businesses gather personal information about their customers that they store in a database. This might include information about a customer's credit rating, financial status, education, etc. Such information should be available only to employees who need to know it in order to do their jobs. Businesses should limit the number of employees who have access to customers' personal information in order to protect the privacy of their customers and prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining and using this information. A customer's telephone number, purchasing history, and identification code are types of routine business information that usually are not considered to be private.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 172]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
32. B
Everyone has equal power. Consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member. Making a decision by consensus means that each group member has equal power to say "Yes" or "No." Consensus cannot be reached if even one group member disagrees. Consensus does not mean that one person rules, the majority rules, or everyone votes.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard! (Consensus)
33. D
Are written in plain language. The Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility, and Disclosure Act of 2009 (CARD) ensures that credit contract terms are written in plain language that consumers can easily understand. This act does not ensure that contract terms can be published in the newspaper, that they cannot be changed, or that they are subject to review by state legislatures.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
34. C
Cash flow. When businesses save excess money, they have more cash available to cover unexpected expenses or to invest. Saving money has a positive effect on a business's cash flow which determines the amount of cash the business has to work with at any given time. The more money that is saved, the more cash is available. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. Accounts receivable are all monies owed to a firm by its customers. Debt is the amount of money a business owes while equity is net worth.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 525-526). Boston: Addison Wesley.
35. D
Obtain short-term capital. Businesses can make either short-term or long-term investments. Short-term investments are those that a business holds for less than one year. Some businesses make short-term investments to generate capital in a short amount of time. They might need short-term capital to finance special projects or to expand the business. For example, a business invests $100,000 in a stock that is appreciating in value by 15% annually. The business can sell the stock prior to the one-year point and probably obtain the 15% increase which amounts to $15,000. Long-term wealth is capital that accumulates over a period of several years. Businesses do not hold investments for less than one year to reduce tax obligations or control inflation rates.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 525-526). Boston: Addison Wesley.
36. C
To avoid being denied credit. Individuals should periodically validate their credit histories to make sure that the information is correct. In some cases, inaccurate or false information may appear in a credit history, which will result in an individual being denied credit. To make sure this doesn't happen, individuals should review the information and contact the credit bureau to change or remove inaccurate information. Individuals do not validate their credit histories to understand credit laws, find out about different types of credit, or protect themselves from bankruptcy.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 174-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. C
To pool and invest funds based on the needs of investors. The primary purpose of an investment company is to pool funds from people and invest them in the types of securities (mutual funds) that are most likely to generate the desired financial returns. Investment banks locate outside sources of money for firms. Banks and mortgage companies issue mortgages. Pension funds involve pooling employees' contributions and investing the monies for financial gain.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide briefing: Financial institutions (p. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
38. A
Corporate bonds and preferred stock. Capital markets buy and sell long-term securities. Corporate bonds, common and preferred stock, and treasury bonds are examples of securities that are sold on capital markets. Treasury bills and certificates of deposit are money market securities, which are shortterm securities.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 7). South-Western Cengage Learning.
39. C
A Dollars R Us Bank employee sells an auto-insurance policy to a customer. The trends of convergence and consolidation in the finance industry have led to a “one-stop shopping” environment for consumers. Bancassurance is the sale of insurance products by a retail business/bank. Because the Dollars R US Bank sells an auto-insurance policy to a bank customer, it is an example of bancassurance. Certificates of deposit are a type of bank product. Assurfinance or assurbanque occurs when an insurance company sells banking products.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide briefing: Convergence and consolidation in the finance industry (p. 5-106). Columbus, OH: Author.
40. C
When consumer spending increases. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is growing and unemployment is low. Because more people are working, they have more money to invest in the financial markets. Higher interest rates make it more expensive for businesses to obtain the funds they need to expand their operations and typically causes stock prices to decrease. A bear market exists when stock prices decrease, and a bull market exists when the stock prices increase.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
41. C
Reporting requirements vary greatly by country. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders, including the integration of financial markets. A disadvantage or risk associated with financial globalization is that each country has different financial reporting requirements, which often make it difficult to obtain and disseminate needed information. Advantages to financial globalization include more options for investors, lower transaction costs, and more liquid financial markets due to increased capital.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide briefing: Financial globalization (p. 5-157). Columbus, OH: Author.
42. D
Liberalization. Liberalization is the removal of government regulations on the flow of capital and international trade. Trade agreements such as NAFTA reduce trade barriers, which involve fewer government restrictions in relation to international trade. An emerging market is a financial market in a country with a developing economy. Convergence is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors. Reconstructed market is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide briefing: Financial globalization (p. 5-157). Columbus, OH: Author.
43. D
Full-service brokerage firm. A full-service brokerage firm employs brokers who execute basic trades as well as offer investment planning, advice, and other services. Because they offer high levels of personal service, these types of firms usually charge high commissions. Online and discount brokerage firms provide clients with securities information; however, they offer fewer services, so clients assume more responsibility for managing their own investments. Boutique is not a term that is commonly used to describe a type of brokerage firm.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 294-295). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. B
A company's annual report. A company's annual report is an example of an internal source, because it comes from the company itself. The ValueLine Investment Survey, brokerage firm research, and financial web portals are all examples of external stock information resources.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You (Finding and Evaluating Securities Information)
45. A
Net change. Newspapers, business publications, and web sites publish a securities or stock table, which is a format used to list stock quotes. The table helps investors monitor the performance of their stocks. The net change is a column in the table that indicates the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price, which may increase or decrease (drop). True value, net worth, and true yield are not terms that describe the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
46. D
Ticker symbol. The ticker symbol, or call letters, are a system of letters that uniquely identifies a company in a stock (securities) table. Investors and potential investors review the stock tables to assess the performance of their stock or stock they might purchase. Because stock tables have many companies listed, knowing the ticker symbol of a particular stock helps people locate stock information quickly. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a producer to identify a good or service, and it is registered with the government to prevent use by others. Yield code and trade number are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
47. D
Internal. Financial reports (e.g., income statements) generated by the company contain the company's financial information. Companies use the financial information in their balance sheets, cash flow statements, income statements, and break-even analyses to make business decisions. External information is information available in locations outside the company, such as government web sites and industry journals. Qualitative information is based on expert opion or personal experience. Secondary information is information that has been collected for other purposes.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 110, 113-114). South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. D
Accrual. The accrual method of accounting records transactions as they occur, even if no money changes hands. This method is used by many businesses that offer credit. The cash accounting method records transactions when money changes hands. Income is money received by a business from outside sources. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
49. D
Industry trends. An industry trend is the direction in which a particular industry is moving. The combination of financial information with industry trends helps businesses to estimate the amount of cash flow necessary to continue operations and increase profits. If industry trends indicate that conditions are favorable for sales to remain strong, then a business might estimate that its cash flow from sales will increase. Future earnings and potential costs are what a business is predicting with the help of information about industry trends. Businesses use all available information in an effort to set realistic goals.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
50. C
Repay a loan. Creditors are responsible for deciding whether a business should be given a loan. The income statement helps creditors assess the business's creditworthiness and the risk of extending credit to the business. It provides the evidence needed to prove that the business can pay back the loan. Expanding operations, developing new products, and increasing staff are some of the reasons why a business might apply for a loan and need to provide creditors with its income statement.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
51. D
Money, maps, and management. Budgets can be described in terms of money, maps, and management. Budgets are about money, can be compared to maps, and are great management tools. Account books, bills, and bankruptcy; desires, debt, and discipline; and savings, sales, and success are all related to certain aspects of budgeting, but none describes its main characteristics as well as money, maps, and management.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
52. D
To monitor aging accounts. The accounts receivable—all the monies owed to a firm by its customers— should be monitored carefully because they affect the business's cash flow and its ability to pay its employees and creditors. To collect the monies owed to them, the business should implement follow-up procedures to contact customers with delinquent or aging accounts. Businesses do not monitor accountsreceivable information to forecast sales, classify stocks, or evaluate interest rates.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 342). South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. C
Its financial well-being at any given time. A business needs current, relevant, and accurate financial information so it can effectively monitor its financial status and make appropriate financial decisions. If a company makes a decision based on outdated or inaccurate information, the company could lose money or other assets. A business should also review its productivity rates, depreciation rates, and vendor performance; however, the business must evaluate other factors in addition to relevant financial information.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 341). South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. C
Use auditing software applications. Auditing software tracks and records each step of all financial transactions. By keeping records of each step of a financial transaction, the business reduces the risks associated with embezzlement and other unethical and illegal activities within the business. If problems with financial data are detected, independent forensic accountants may be brought into the business to evaluate the inconsistencies. Businesses do not want to limit their financial transactions because some of them involve sales, which increase the businesses profitability.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2010, September 8). What is an audit trail? Retrieved September 30, 2010, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-audit-trail.htm
55. D
The people who need it. By limiting access to those who use or need it, confidential data are more secure and are less likely to be seen or modified by unauthorized people. Computer passwords are common methods of limiting access to certain computer data. Top-level management usually develops or approves the policies that determine who can access certain data. Mid-level managers usually need access to certain types of business data, but not all of it. Customers are often able to access some data about their personal accounts online.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Indiana University. (2009, May 13). What is the principle of least privilege? Retrieved October 5, 2010, from http://kb.iu.edu/data/amsv.html
56. A
To identify hidden patterns. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information, some of which are not obvious. For example, data mining might reveal that a credit-card company's customers often use their credit cards to buy gasoline on Thursday afternoons between 3:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. The business could use this information to develop special programs or promotions to appeal to these customers. The data-mining process might involve sifting through a vendor's data, or it might reveal problems; however, the primary purpose of data mining is not to calculate statistical ratios, collect data from vendors, or resolve unidentified problems.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Aaker, D.A., Kumar, V., & Day, G.S. (2007). Marketing research (9th ed.) [p. 711]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
57. C
Rule induction. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. The data question or problem determines what data-mining approach the business should use. The rule induction approach involves the use of "if…then…" rules or scenarios to mine or obtain data. To use this approach, the business must determine the sets of circumstances to use to obtain results. For example, a mortgage company may want to determine the probability or odds of customers earning a certain salary defaulting on a $200,000 mortgage. The neural networking approach uses computer applications that mimic the ways in which the human brain processes data, which often involve sequencing data patterns. Decision trees involve categorizing or segmenting data into meaningful, related groups based on certain characteristics that are defined by the set of rules (criteria) that the business establishes. The fuzzy logic approach uses broad or vague concepts to set rules, such as "high" or "low."
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 172]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. D
Debt management. The primary function of budgeting software is to help a business forecast and monitor income and expenses for all of its functions including sales, promotion, production, payroll, etc. Advanced software can generate different types of reports by integrating financial data from a variety of sources (e.g., cash flows, “what if” scenarios) to help the business make decisions about how to best manage its debt (expenses). Businesses often use production-management or project-management software for scheduling and sequencing and for allocating materials for production or a project.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage Corporation. (2010). Mastreo solution comparison. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://centage.com/products-overview.htm
59. D
Payroll. Because payroll is often a business's biggest expense, companies continuously monitor and analyze their payroll. Some businesses must pay time and a half to employees who work overtime. If many employees work a lot of overtime, it can affect the amount of money the business has available for other activities, such as sales, production, and paying its expenses (accounts payable).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: IDEA Data Analysis Software. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://www.audimation.com/pdfs/Financial_Analysis_Applications.pdf
60. D
Export. The export function allows the user to output or transmit data to another database, spreadsheet, or file format so another database or program can use the data. Many database programs (e.g., Access) allow users to export data to a variety of supported databases, programs, and file formats. Replication is a function that allows the user to create two or more copies of an Access database. The conversion function allows the user to save the data in the existing database in another version of the database program. A filter is a set of criteria that is used to retrieve a subset of data or to sort the data.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2010). How to export data from Microsoft Access 2007 to Microsoft Excel. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://databases.about.com/od/tutorials/ht/export_2007_excel.htm
61. A
Auditing. Shareholders and prospective shareholders make investment decisions by reviewing the financial information that public corporations provide. For this reason, it is important for the corporation to accurately report its financial position so investors can make appropriate decisions based on correct information. The auditing process involves reviewing the financial information to ensure that it is accurate, meets legal requirements, and is presented in the correct format before releasing it to the general public. Batch processing involves moving groups of data accounts from one area to another (e.g., pending to complete) at certain intervals. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Smoothing involves offering customers a discount for purchasing products that otherwise would go to waste.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: The Institute of Financial Auditors. (2010). Why should an organization have an internal audit committee? Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://www.theiia.org/theiia/about-theprofession/internal-audit-faqs/?i=1085
62. D
The federal government. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Public corporations are required to provide financial information that has been verified by an independent auditor to shareholders (owners of the company) and prospective investors. The board of directors and the accounting department perform activities to ensure that the corporation is in compliance.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 114-115). South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. B
Use the information to make financial decisions. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. The finance function is responsible for obtaining funds and managing the business's money in ways that achieve the business's goals. The financial records that are maintained and prepared by the accounting function are analyzed by the finance function of the business, which uses the information to make decisions about how to achieve the business's goals. Adjusting journal entries, tracking accounts receivable, and calculating ratios (e.g., equity) are tasks carried out by a business's accounting department.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. A
The managerial accounting system is useful for planning and internal decision making. Businesses use managerial accounting systems for internal use. These systems help managers plan, control resources, and make decisions for various segments of the company. For example, the managerial accounting system often involves obtaining financial information to determine if the business should order more goods for inventory or if it should hire additional production workers. The government requires businesses to use the financial accounting system to report their financial positions to external users. The financial accounting system involves reporting financial information in certain ways by applying the generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The government does not require businesses to use managerial accounting systems, so the ways in which managerial accounting systems obtain and use information are flexible.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Accountinginformationmanagement.com. (2009). Financial accounting vs. managerial accounting - difference between financial and managerial accounting. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://www.accountingformanagement.com/financial_accounting_vs_managerial_accounting. htm
65. B
Follow accounting standards such as GAAP or IFRS. Because businesses must use the financial accounting system to prepare financial information for external audiences (i.e., shareholders and government agencies), the information must be presented in a consistent way. The generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are currently used by most accountants in the U.S. to ensure that they prepare financial reports in a consistent manner. However, much of the rest of the world uses the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) to prepare and report financial information. Use of the financial accounting system is a government requirement rather than a way for the business to establish credibility. Businesses do not need to attach copies of all transaction receipts to reports or forms; however, receipts and documentation must be available for review if the government requests or requires it for an additional audit. Financial data registration guidelines are a fictitious term.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Accountinginformationmanagement.com. (2009). Financial accounting vs. managerial accounting - difference between financial and managerial accounting. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://www.accountingformanagement.com/financial_accounting_vs_managerial_accounting. htm
66. C
Customers' invoices. By reviewing invoices on an ongoing basis, a business is often able to identify sales trends. For example, lower invoice totals over a period of time indicate that the business is not generating the same levels of revenue and profit as it did during previous periods. Lower revenues and profits may require the business to revise its budget. The business will need to determine why it is experiencing lower sales, which may include an economic downturn, customer-service issues, product quality, etc., so it can take corrective action. Cash outflows are the monies that flow out of the business (expenses). Liquidity ratios are formulas that help a business determine how quickly it can pay off its short-term debts. A break-even analysis is a financial analysis that is used to identify the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at various prices.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 27, 350, 594). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. D
Comparative balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Businesses often integrate their balance sheets from previous time periods into one balance sheet so they can compare data to detect changes and identify trends. This document is often called a comparative balance sheet. The consumer price index, stock tables, and customer credit reports are external sources of financial information.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Accountinginformation.com. (2009). Example of a horizontal or trend analysis: Balance sheet. Retrieved October 5, 2010, from http://www.accountingformanagement.com/horizontal_analysis_or_trend_analysis.htm
68. D
Credit standards. Businesses establish standards or criteria for determining to whom they should extend credit. Businesses consider many factors such as the customer's credit history, credit score, income, type of purchase, etc. If the customer meets the company's credit standards, Tom is more likely to approve the customer's request for a line of credit. The company's purchasing policies, accounting method, and payment history are not factors that Tom needs to consider when determining if the company should offer the customer a line of credit.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 275). South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. D
Cash-flow statement. The cash-flow statement is a financial summary that contains estimates as to when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business. Analyzing the cash-flow statement will help a business determine if it will have enough money coming in to pay its short-term expenses. The business plan is the business's written business model—it describes how the business will achieve its objectives. The capital-investment plan describes the business's assets and how the business plans to use them over time. A mutual-funds statement is a status report sent to investors to let them know how their mutual funds are performing.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 534-535]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
70. C
Sales and investment income. Businesses earn income in a variety of ways, such as sales, rentals, dividends, and accumulated interest. Changes in income affect a business's profitability. If the business's profitability drops over time, then it might need to cut expenses. If the business's profitability increases, the business might decide to expand or replace equipment. So, it is important for a business to continuously monitor its sources of income. Insurance premiums are expenses. The depreciation rate is the level at which the value of an asset (e.g., machinery) decreases over time.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Leka, M. (2007, October). How to analyze financial statements. Retrieved October 13, 2010, from http://e-articles.info/e/a/title/HOW-TO-ANALYZE -FINANCIAL-STATEMENTS/
71. B
Employee handbook. An employee handbook provides new employees with printed information about the business that the employee can read and refer to when s/he has questions about the business. Employee handbooks usually include basic information such as company history, hours of operation, benefits, and company policies. Providing employees with handbooks reduces the amount of time that must be spent in orientation sessions. An exit interview is a discussion with an employee who is leaving the company. A performance appraisal is an evaluation of the employee's job performance. A job applicant provides a prospective employer with a copy of his/her résumé, which outlines his/her work experience and educational background.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 530-531]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
72. D
High employee turnover. Taking negative actions can result in unhappy employees who will soon look for other jobs, creating high turnover. This costs a company a lot of time and money in hiring and training new employees. Other results of negative actions may include decreased efficiency, a damaged business reputation, and an increase in legal problems.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
73. B
Search the Web. The World Wide Web (WWW) links millions of computers throughout the world by way of the Internet. Obtaining information is one of the most common ways that businesses use the Web. For example, a business in one state that wanted to locate a potential vendor in another state can search the Web to find out if that vendor has posted information on its web page. Searching the Web is fast and allows business employees to obtain vital information without leaving the office. In order to send an email or fax a request, a business first needs to obtain an e-mail address or a fax number, which often are listed on a web page. Phoning an agent would not necessarily provide a business with information about new vendors.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 139-143]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. D
Detailed reports, memos, and contracts. Businesses use word-processing software to create a variety of business-related documents including reports, memos, contracts, business plans, letters, and tables. Spreadsheets are generated by other types of software programs (e.g., Excel) that organize, calculate, and analyze numerical information. Although many word-processing applications have basic drawing capabilities to produce simple graphics, the more complex graphic elements are generally created by special graphics and design programs (e.g., Freehand).
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 199). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. B
Sales are expected to increase by 5%. Spreadsheet software programs allow businesses to use a computer to perform accounting and other financial calculations. An advantage of using a spreadsheet program is that a business can make various assumptions about sales and find out quickly what effect they will have on its financial situation. For example, a business could change the level of sales by different percentages, such as 5% or 10%, to find out the effect that would have on net income. The spreadsheet program automatically does the calculations. Although keeping appointments might lead to sales, a salesperson would be more likely to use a personal digital assistant (PDA) to track appointments rather than a spreadsheet program. Mailing labels are generated with database programs. Database programs are also used to track customers' purchases.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199-200). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Business. The primary function of record keeping is to provide information that indicates the status of the business. In other words, record keeping provides information about what is happening with the business, such as whether it is making a profit or it is spending too much on expenses. The records that a business keeps are not designed to provide information about what is happening with the economy, the country, or the industry. However, the business's records might reflect current economic or industry trends.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
77. D
Technology improvements. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. To compete in the marketplace, businesses must use technology. Technology can improve a business's efficiency and productivity levels by making use of technological tools, such as machinery, computer networks, and the media. Because technology is always changing, businesses must also change to remain competitive. Economic conditions (e.g., unemployment rates, inflation, interest rates, business growth) fluctuate and change and do not remain stable. Business and consumer buying motives are not always predictable. Product classification is not a business trend that affects a business's efficiency and productivity levels.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Ray, R. (2009, January 13). Top ten technology trends for small businesses-2009. Retrieved October 15, 2010 from http://smallbiztrends.com/2009/01/top-ten-technology-trends-forsmall-businesses-2009.html/
78. B
It is always changing. A business's environment is always in flux. That's why environmental scanning is so important. A business's environment cannot be avoided, and it will affect every business regardless of the industry. It consists of many elements, more than just the economy and technology.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
79. B
Identify accident trends. Businesses must maintain records of accidents that occur at the workplace and report them to the federal government. The government compiles this information in order to identify trends such as the types of industries in which accidents occur most and least frequently and the types of injuries. This information can be useful in establishing or improving accident prevention programs. Insurance companies establish premiums. The federal government does not provide medical treatment recommendations. The information collected may eventually result in increased government regulation of business, but this is not its primary purpose.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Electric Power Research Institute. (2006, October). Occupational health and safety trends database: Customized analyses. Retrieved October 15, 2010, from http://mydocs.epri.com/docs/public/000000000001014506.pdf
80. D
Using closed-circuit television. Closed-circuit television can be used to monitor customer activity on the sales floor as well as vendor and/or employee activity in other areas of the business. This system helps prevent or detect theft. Raising prices and having fewer sales would reduce customer traffic, which might improve security but would also reduce the business's income. Establishing longer hours could increase risk.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 56). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
81. C
Financial. Resources are people or items that the business needs to accomplish an activity or project. Financial resources provide money to pay workers and buy the goods and services that the business needs to complete a project. When a project goes over budget, a business must take steps to cut costs. To cut costs, the business might decide to use lower quality goods or make do with fewer supplies. Human resources are the people who carry out the work. Intangible resources cannot be detected through the senses. Support resources refer to the additional help (e.g., volunteers, donations, technology) that the business uses to complete a project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need (Identify Resources)
82. B
Project planning. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. A project plan is a specific course of action (plan) for accomplishing the project's objectives. Project planning is the process of determining which resources (human, financial, materials) the business needs to complete the project and how those resources will be used. The advantage to project planning is that the business is more likely to achieve the project's objectives because the planner has obtained the necessary resources to complete the project before starting to work on it. Examples of projects that businesses plan might include training programs, marketing research, information analysis, and inventory control.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done (Project Planning)
83. D
Form. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. This change takes place during the production process, e.g., production turns flour and other ingredients into bread. Place utility is usefulness created when goods or services are made available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
84. B
$243.36. Employees should obtain permission before using company equipment, such as the postage machine, for personal use in order to help control expenses. Personal use of the company postage machine costs the business money because it must buy the postage in advance from the postal service. In this example, three employees each take 39 cents of postage four times a week for a total of 12 times (4 x 3 employees = 12) which amounts to $4.68 per week ($.39 x 12 = $4.68). Determine the yearly cost by multiplying the weekly cost by the number of weeks in a year ($4.68 x 52 = $243.36).
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Think Big. (2009, April 29). Steps for reducing business expenses. Retrieved October 15, 2010, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1682579/steps_for_reducing_business_expenses. html?cat=3
85. D
Identify. The first step in becoming organized is to identify all of the things that you have to do. A recommended way to do this is to make a list of them. The activities can then be prioritized according to their importance, scheduled, and performed.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. D
Find out what went wrong. Not all goals can be achieved. When you don't reach a goal, look for the reason; don't blame it on someone else. You may need to adjust your goal or set a new one, but don't give up goal-setting because of a single failure. Congratulate yourself when you reach a goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
87. A
Time. Prioritizing means to rank things in the order of their importance. This step will help you to make the most efficient use of your time because the most important things will be taken care of first. Disposable income is the amount of income people have left to spend, or dispose of, after they have paid their taxes. Deciding how to dispose of income is an activity that could be prioritized. Product knowledge is information about a specific good or service that can be used in sales presentations. Tact is the skill of avoiding doing or saying things offensive to others.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
88. B
Web sites of professional organizations. Most business specialties have a professional organization, such as the National Association of Business Economics. Today, many professional organizations also have a web site that includes information about the type of jobs in the profession. Many web sites also provide information about the training necessary for jobs in the profession and a listing of members who may have positions available. Classified ads in urban newspapers and community-college student centers are not good sources of detailed information about specific careers. Corporate human-resource departments only provide information about careers in their businesses.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (pp. 338-340). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. A
Brief reminder of qualifications. It is acceptable for applicants to include a brief reminder of their qualifications in an interview follow-up letter. Restating that they are qualified for the position is one way of saying that they are interested and would like to have the job. The reminder of qualifications should be very brief because the applicants will have covered that topic in detail during the interview. Information about employment history, education, and salary expectations is discussed in the interview and should not be reviewed in a follow-up letter.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. D
Real estate appraiser. A real estate appraiser determines the value of a specific property. A real estate agent or broker assists buyers and sellers in the process of purchasing or selling property. An underwriter works in the insurance industry and calculates the risk of loss, establishes premium rates, and designs policies to cover risk. An actuary assesses risk using statistical analysis.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services)
91. C
Generally speaking, the U.S. population is worse off financially than before. One of the reasons there will be increased demand for financial analysts and personal financial advisors is that, generally speaking, the U.S. population is better, not worse, off than before. Other reasons for increased demand include a large segment of the population, namely Baby Boomers, is facing retirement; generally speaking, the U.S. population is better educated; and globalization of securities markets makes investing more complicated.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services)
92. C
Carol Hershberger, Financial Analyst, CCB Corporation. Financial analysts are typically required to obtain a college degree and additional professional certification, such as a Certified Financial Analyst certification (CFA). Bank tellers and bookkeepers often obtain special certifications to perform their duties; however, many businesses do not require these individuals to have college degrees to obtain their jobs. A production specialist works in operations rather than in finance.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Walker, N., & Joseph, A. (2010, September 11). How do I become a financial analyst? Retrieved October 1, 2010, from http://www.wisegeek.com/how-do-i-become-a-financialanalyst.htm
93. A
Implement a referral system. A referral is a recommendation given to an individual or business by another individual or business. For example, satisfied clients may refer their friends, family, or colleagues to their financial planners for financial advice. This is one way that businesspeople working in the financial industry can build professional relationships. A financial planner may implement a referral system or program to encourage clients or associates to provide referrals. A referral system might involve giving a free consultation or discount to a client who has provided the financial planner with a lucrative referral. Reading about industry trends and printing new business cards are not actions that build professional relationships. The finance professional must take action on the trends s/he has researched and distribute the business cards to others to begin building professional relationships. Because financial information is personal and confidential, people are usually selective with whom they share their information.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Yokam, C. (n.d.). How to build business relationships. Retrieved October 13, 2010, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4488222_build-business-relationships.html
94. A
Businesses often reduce the risk of financial loss by providing ethics training for their employees. Because employees' personal ethics often differ from their employers' ethics policies, it is important for businesses to provide ongoing ethics training for all employees. If an employee does something unethical (intentionally or unintentionally), the business may be liable for the employee's actions, which may involve financial losses. Effective risk management involves monitoring many business activities including investments, product quality, sales processes, etc. Risk can be controlled and reduced, but it cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved October 5, 2010, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
95. A
Product safety. Businesses risk financial losses and damaged reputations when they use lower-quality goods and materials. In the example, the manufacturer used low-quality parts that affected the performance and safety of the car engine. When car engines catch on fire and people are injured, the manufacturer may be legally required to pay damages to the injured parties. The risks in the example are not associated with domestic trade, service quality, nor trade secrets.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Kitzes, B. (n.d.). Product safety management. Retrieved October 6, 2010, from http://www.productsafety.com/
96. C
Performing back-up procedures on a regular basis. Backing up the computer system and storing the back-up information off-site can reduce financial losses due to uncontrollable circumstances such as electrical outages or fire. Businesses that do not perform back-up procedures on a regular basis may lose the data for good or take a lot of time and money to replace if a disaster harms its computer systems. Computer systems help make businesses operate more efficiently than manual systems do. Different types of intrusion detection systems (e.g., firewalls) are designed to protect the business's computer systems from unauthorized access. Passwords and encryption are additional techniques used to secure access to computer information.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Monetary Authority of Singapore. (2002, November 11). Technology risk management guidelines for financial institutions. Retrieved October 13, 2010, from http://unpan1.un.org/intradoc/groups/public/documents/apcity/unpan011549.pdf
97. B
Sexual harassment. Sexual harassment involves unwelcomed sexual remarks, advances, conduct, or requests. By providing employees with training about actions and language that constitute sexual harassment, employees are less likely to behave inappropriately. If a firm does not follow up or take action on an employee's sexual harassment complaint, the employee may sue the firm. Lawsuits can damage the firm's reputation and cost the firm a lot of money. Gender-related issues are not related to (facility) structural damage, widespread illness, or financial information.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: USC. (n.d.). Legal issues/managing risk. Retrieved October 19, 2010, from http://www.usc.edu/academe/faculty/essential_guides/legal.html
98. B
Loss exposures. Circumstances that create risk factors are loss exposures. Loss exposures within the business include situations such as safety and health hazards, information security, and property theft. Businesses can lower and control these types of risks by implementing policies and by requiring employees to follow procedures that minimize safety, illness, computer breaches, and theft. Changes in exchange rates, regulations, and industry trends are external factors that can affect a business's level of risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. A-14]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
99. D
Tax increases. Businesses cannot control when and by how much a government may increase taxes, which are uninsurable. A business's inventory is insurable. Liability insurance can be purchased to transfer the business's risks related to the potential injuries of its employees and customers. Natural disasters such as fire, tornados, and earthquakes are insurable risks.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. A-14]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
100. D
Material. Material resources are the equipment and supplies that businesses need to produce and/or sell their goods and services. Managers who plan, organize, and control production equipment, office equipment, and office supplies are managing the material resources. Human resources are the employees who do the work. Financial managers manage financial aspects of the business. Information management involves overseeing various facts, statistics, and opinions that affect the business.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1057
Finance Cluster Exam
1. D
Case. Case law is a primary source of law that is based on previous court decisions. Constitutional law is the supreme law of the land and is based upon the U.S. Constitution. Uniform laws address issues such as trade and commerce. Uniform laws provide legal consistency among the states that adopt them. The U.S. Congress enacts statutory laws.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 5]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
The franchisee can choose the name of the business. A product trade-name franchise is an independent sales relationship between a supplier (franchisor) and a dealer (franchisee) to stock and sell a specific or exclusive line of products. In this relationship, the franchisee is able to choose the name of the business. These franchises are open to the public, usually have limited liability, and are owned by the franchisee, not shareholder.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act repeals part of the Glass-Stegall Act of 1933 by allowing different types of financial institutions to form mergers or consolidate. The Community Reinvestment Act encourages commercial banks and other financial institutions to offer credit to borrowers in their local communities. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 regulates corporations' and public accounting firms' activities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.answers.com/topic/gramm-leach-bliley-act-of-1999
4. A
A fund with a high portfolio turnover rate. Regardless of fund type, a fund with a high portfolio rate replaces a high percentage of its investments every year. Every time that the fund sells one item in its portfolio and purchases another, a capital gain or loss is being realized. Because these capital gains or losses occur so frequently, it is difficult for fund investors to successfully time the realizations and manage their overall tax obligations effectively. Specialized sector funds focus on a certain industry, and index funds attempt to match broad market indices.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Bodie, Z., Kane, A., & Marcus, A.J. (2004). Essentials of investments (5th ed.) [p. 111]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
5. D
Regulatory guidelines. Financial institutions are required to follow governmental rules and regulations. Following these regulatory guidelines is the process of compliance. The purpose of compliance is to make the industry safe for consumers and to maintain the stability of the financial system. Compliance does not involve operating within specific territories, organization plans, or different relationships.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: NetIQ. (2006, January). Assuring compliance for financial services. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://download.netiq.com/CMS/WHITEPAPER/NetIQIndustryWP_FSI.pdf
6. A
Temporal reasoning. A virtual auditor, which is a type of compliance technology, uses multiple reasoning processes to review financial transactions and processes to identify errors and/or noncompliance. Temporal reasoning involves considering the timing of a financial transaction or process. In this instance, the XYZ Company's virtual auditor considered the fact that it was the end of the accounting period when reviewing the balance of the expense account. Since that particular account is expected to have a debit balance at the end of each accounting period, the virtual auditor identified the account's credit balance as a potential error or compliance violation to be corrected. Incremental reasoning involves studying a series of seemingly innocent events as they occur to determine if the chain of events as a whole represents a potential compliance violation. Cross-source reasoning is used to compare financial transactions and processes in multiple financial systems. Comparative reasoning is used to identify financial system transactions that are very similar to each other but not exactly alike.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems. (2005, June). Turn SOX compliance into cash: Link Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://jobfunctions.bnet.com/abstract.aspx?docid=154304
7. C
Poor lighting and noise. Environmental distractions, such as poor lighting or noise are aspects of the setting that take away from a listener's ability to listen. The speaker's appearance, manner, and personal matters that cause us to worry may also be distractions, but they are not part of the environment.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
8. D
Logical evidence. Being prepared will help individuals remain objective and able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. They should be prepared to explain supporting information because others may have questions or concerns about the ideas. Using logical evidence, such as related statistics or facts, will help individuals defend their ideas because they are relying on valid evidence rather than personal opinions. Individuals who defend their ideas objectively do not use emotional information, personal opinions, or unrelated statistics.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 335-336]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
9. C
To declare your opinion. It's important to participate in a group discussion for several reasons: to think critically, to organize your thoughts, to develop your understanding of a topic, to know when to change your mind, and to gain confidence in speaking to other people. Declaring your opinion, which may or may not take place during a discussion, is not a reason to participate.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
10. A
Consistency. Many businesses and industries develop documents using a specific style, which entails following certain writing standards. By using a specific style, all of a business's or an industry's documents are consistent throughout the company or field. Writing styles provide guidance to the writers in regard to the correct usage of mechanical elements (e.g., punctuation) but do not provide creativity or flexibility. Stylebooks cannot verify the accuracy of the document's contents.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Research Haven. (n.d.). Writing style guides. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.researchhaven.com/Style/index.htm
11. D
Customers' interests. Businesses' letters to customers should have a "you" perspective. The letters may include information about the business's history and/or services, but these factors should be linked to meeting customers' needs. In most cases, customers' opinions are not known by businesses and cannot be addressed.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2006). Business and administrative communication (7th ed.) [p. 152]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
12. D
Persuasive. A collection letter is a type of persuasive message that many businesses write to customers who are delinquent in making payments on their accounts. The purpose of the collection letter is to persuade customers to send payment or to contact the business to make some type of arrangement. Collection letters should not be threatening or overly aggressive because they may offend customers rather than encourage them to respond immediately. Although a collection letter contains information, it is not considered to be an informational message.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 341]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. C
Overview of work completed and planned. Daily activity reports are a type of simple written reports that outline the work completed, problems and concerns, and list work to be done. They usually are fairly short. They may, in some cases, provide a basis for recommendations or a permanent record, but that is not their basic purpose. Quarterly management reports indicate a company's progress toward meeting its goals and objectives and evaluate problems hindering achievement of those goals.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 322]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. D
Support the work effort. Good communication from supervisors to employees is vital to the work effort. Employees need many different types of information in order to do a good job. Supervisors should keep employees informed about what is going on within the business, as well as how the employees are doing on the job. Other examples of supervisor/employee communication might include providing job training, counseling individual employees, or planning social activities.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 3-8]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. B
Active listening. Active listening involves the use of nonverbal cues, paraphrasing, questioning, and other techniques to let a speaker know that a message has been heard and understood. Employees who listen and respond appropriately are showing their customers that they care and want to help them. By listening and responding appropriately, the employees are reinforcing the business's desire to provide quality service to customers. Nonverbal communication involves the use of gestures or facial expressions, rather than the use of words. Creative thinking is the process of generating unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Idle conversation is “chit chat,” which doesn't necessarily reinforce a service orientation.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 19-21]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
16. B
Explain policies to customers. Employees need complete information about policies in order to explain them to customers and to be able to answer customers' questions. Management is responsible for providing employees with thorough information about policies. Writing company operating manuals is the responsibility of management, not of employees who deal with customers. Employees do not need a thorough knowledge of business policies in order to schedule personal leave. A business's policies would not be discussed with competitors.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Stirtz, Kevin. (n.d.). Train your employees to grow your business. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://smallbusiness.dnb.com/marketing-advertising/marketing-techniques/51969131.html
17. D
Training its employees. A company's image, or brand is the way a person or group views the company; it's the combined impressions and experiences associated with the company. The manner in which employees perform their tasks affects the way people view the company. For example, a business that wants to portray an upscale image might train its employees to respond and service customers in a specific way or by following a set of procedures. To reinforce the upscale image, the business might require an employee to greet the customer in a certain way, provide extra amenities, wear certain apparel, or follow certain cleaning procedures to maintain the facility. Although it is important for a business to develop a financial plan, conduct a competitive analysis, and identify necessary resources, these activities do not directly affect how employees convey a certain image.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 238-239]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
18. B
Unable to obtain by themselves. Financial professionals provide many types of services that clients may be unable to obtain by themselves. For example, financial professionals analyze financial data and are able to provide information about the strength and safety of various products. Clients often do not have the ability to track the growth of these products and rely on professionals for guidance and advice. Finance professionals do not provide clients with services that clients usually are not willing to purchase, incapable of understanding, or convinced they do not need.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 259-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. A
Update their databases. Businesses use data-cleansing applications to ensure that their customer databases contain useful, relevant, and accurate data. The data-cleansing process removes duplicate records, updates expired data, and completes incomplete data fields. When a business's database is current and up-to-date, it can generate accurate reports that help the business make well-informed decisions. Businesses do not use data-cleansing applications to calculate statistical data.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Sequeira, N. (2009). CRM data cleansing & management. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://knol.google.com/k/neil-sequeira/crm-data-cleansing-management/s2w9p78k2qby/1#
20. B
Wants. A want is a desire for something that may or may not be required. However, many people want so many things that their wants are considered unlimited. When one want is satisfied, there is at least one other waiting to take its place. For example, teenagers only require two pairs of jeans, but most of them want many more pairs; therefore, their need for jeans is unlimited. Most teenagers do not have unlimited funds or assets but are limited by what they earn or what their parents give them. Teenagers only have the amount of goods that they, or their parents, can afford to buy.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
21. B
Equilibrium. The point at which the quantity of a good that buyers want to buy, and the quantity that sellers are willing to sell at a certain price, are exactly equal is the equilibrium price. In reality, the equilibrium price is seldom, if ever, the price that actually exists in the marketplace because supply and demand usually are not equal. Relative price is one price compared to another, that is, the ratio between them. Market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular moment. List price is the manufacturer's suggested price for a product, and some businesses do offer goods at list price.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More is Less (Functions of Price)
22. D
Unity of command. Unity of command is an organizational principle that states that no employee should answer to more than one manager at a time. Using this principle can help to avoid confusion within the business. The scalar principle states that authority should flow in a clear, unbroken line from the top of the organization to the bottom. Span of control refers to how many employees a manager can effectively supervise at one time. Line authority is direct, formal authority that affects a business's day-to-day operations.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
23. B
The world is much more politically open than it used to be. After the fall of communism and the end of the Cold War, the world became much more politically and economically open than it used to be. There are still a few countries closed due to communism, but not nearly as many as there were a few decades ago. The United States has many trading partnerships with other countries. There is no way of knowing what the future will hold in terms of political barriers between countries.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
24. C
People need a government permit to make a sale. This is a false statement because it is not necessary for people in a private enterprise economic system to obtain a permit to sell their private property. People are free to buy anything that can legally be sold, to decide how to spend their income, and to decide how their property will be used.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
25. C
Eliminate. A business risk can sometimes be recognized and then eliminated completely. For example, the risk to a business of losing key personnel in an airplane crash can be eliminated by not allowing them to fly. Businesses examine, or study, their potential risks, but they do not intentionally disregard or overlook potential risks that may be harmful or costly.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
26. B
People's attitudes have changed. As the marketplace became more complicated, consumers turned to government for more protection from dishonest or deceptive business practices. The technical nature of products, cost of production, and increased competition between businesses are not reasons to cause government's role to expand. Increases in cost of production become a contributing factor only when cuts are made in safety that may cause consumer-protection problems. Competition in the marketplace would be a contributing factor when a business engages in deceptive advertising or tries to limit competition.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
27. A
To fight inflation. When a product's demand exceeds its supply, the product's price will go up. Then, inflation increases, and economic growth begins to slow. As the product's price increases, its demand decreases. Less demand leads to less production, and eventually, unemployment. By raising interest rates, the Fed strengthens the value of the dollar, attracting foreign investors, putting more money into the economy. Inequalities of income distribution are not addressed by increased interest rates.
SOURCE: EC:084
SOURCE: Clark, J. (n.d.). Why does the Fed change the interest rate? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/fed-change-interest-rate.htm/printable
28. B
A positive attitude. A positive attitude is part of self-management in emotional intelligence. Relationship management includes effective communication, recognition of others, and a sense of teamwork, as well as negotiation skills and being a change catalyst.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
29. B
Positive attitude. Seeing the bright side of things is an example of a positive attitude. Learn to maintain a positive, optimistic outlook. Industriousness is characterized by willingness to work hard, loyalty by faithfulness, and organizational skills by systematic behavior.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
30. B
Social. Taking the characteristics of personal responsibility and expanding them to include consideration of your family, friends, classmates, and community is social responsibility. It means taking other people's needs, interests, and feelings into account and acting accordingly. It means not doing something to deliberately hurt or mislead others. Personal, ethical, and legal may be types of responsibilities, but none is the correct answer.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
31. B
Positive. Positive feedback is the type of feedback that provides a message receiver with approval or praise. A characteristic of positive feedback is that it motivates the message receiver to continue a specific behavior. Vague is a general term that means unclear. Environmental is a general term used to describe the external forces that affect an entity. Practical is a general term that means useful, sensible, or realistic. Vague, environmental, and practical are not terms commonly used to describe types of feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
32. C
Empathetic. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. By showing compassion and sharing a similar experience, you are demonstrating empathetic behavior. To be indifferent means that you don't care or wouldn't respond. To be critical means to find fault with your fellow employee's actions. To be impatient means not taking the time to listen or sympathize.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
33. B
Communication. Many cultural issues can be solved by focusing on communication, since miscommunications are the main cause of cultural conflicts. Focusing on stereotypes or religious differences will only heighten the conflict. Business goals are important, but focusing on them won't solve the communication issues at hand.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
34. A
Preparation. Many experts believe that the key to getting what you want out of a negotiation depends upon how prepared you are for the session. Determining exactly what you will and will not give up before the negotiation is crucial. Also, it is important to research and obtain information you don't have, analyze the other side, and practice your responses by visualizing various situations and strategies. A concession is something that a person gives up during the negotiation. Assessment is the last step in the negotiation process in which the negotiator reviews how the negotiation went and determines changes s/he should make for the next negotiating session. Mediation is the involvement of a neutral third party to help resolve a conflict.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
35. A
To remain healthy. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. When stress increases or continues for a period of time, it can have dangerous effects on employees. Many employees who have high levels of stress are more likely to catch colds or the flu. As a result, it is important for employees to learn how to manage stress to remain healthy. Learning how to prioritize tasks and budget time are ways that employees might be able to manage stress. Employees often become stressed when they are trying to achieve goals.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 220). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. C
Effective communication. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others. To do this, it is necessary to communicate information in a way that will be understood by others. Before others can do what the leader wants them to do, they need to understand the directions. If the leader does not communicate effectively, others will have difficulty doing what is expected of them. Limited negotiation, aggressive behavior, and technical training are not important parts of successful leadership.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 290). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. C
Life insurance. Life insurance has become an important investment for many people. Often, large settlements are disbursed to beneficiaries, such as dependent children, after a person passes away. Many financial institutions offer this service with the sole purpose of providing financial assistance in repaying mortgages, loans, debts, or death benefits. Although other financial services such as securities will produce revenue, they often involve a higher amount of risk. Business investments provide long-term financial growth but take time to turn into cash. Like business investments, real estate purchases often are lucrative but take time to liquidate.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 465-466). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
The risk of the stock market. The risk of the stock market is not a key factor involved with compounding growth. Compounding growth is earning interest upon interest. The three key factors involved with compounding growth are the amount of money you invest, how long your money is invested, and how much your investment grows each year.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
39. C
Getting started early. Getting started early is the key to successful investing. The sooner you begin to take advantage of the compounding growth of the stock market, the better. Compounding is your best friend because, right now, time is on your side. As a teenager, you have more years ahead of you to invest than your grandparents, your parents, and even your older siblings. Inflation is an increase in the cost of goods and services. Opportunity costs are the trade-offs that occur when you choose one alternative over another; they are impossible to avoid. The rule of 72 is a trick for determining how long it will take to double your money at a certain interest or return rate.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
40. A
Use unusual passwords rather than your birth date to access your bank accounts. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g., credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. Identity theft can occur even when you take precautions. To reduce the risk of identity theft, use unusual passwords to access your personal bank accounts rather than common information such as your birth date. To further prevent identity theft, do not place your Social Security number or social insurance number on unnecessary documents. Many people do not have passports. Paying with cash is not always a good idea because cancelled bank checks serve as a receipt for payments. If you pay your bills by sending cash, the envelope may get lost, and you have no record of making the payment. In addition, using credit cards wisely can help you build a good credit report, which will help you obtain loans for expensive items (e.g., car) in the future.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Minimizing your risk. Retrieved January 26, 2006, from http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/con_minimize.htm#minimize
41. B
Credit unions, savings and loan associations, and commercial banks. Deposit-taking financial institutions accept funds from customers (depositors) and pay interest on the funds. Credit unions, commercial banks, savings and loan associations (banks), and mutual savings banks are types of deposit-taking financial institutions. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares of the company. Brokerages are financial intermediaries that sell securities. Insurance firms sell insurance and securities. Corporations, brokerages, and insurance firms are not types of deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Encyclopedia of Business and Finance. (2011). Financial institutions: Deposit taking. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/business-financeencyclopedia/financial-institutions
42. C
Securities. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including the securities market, which involves the buying and selling of stock. Money markets facilitate the buying and selling of low-risk, shortterm financial products (e.g., treasury bills). Real estate (property markets) involves the buying and selling of land and buildings. Diversified is not a type of financial market.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 292-293). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. D
Financial holding company. Because financial holding companies provide a wide variety of financial services and related products, the Federal Reserve Board supervises their activities. The primary services that an accounting firm provides include accounting, tax preparation, auditing, and bookkeeping services. Some financial holding companies may offer accounting services. Commodities investors invest their funds in goods (futures) such as grains, livestock, raw materials, etc. A central bank is often responsible for determining interest rates, controlling the nation's money supply, and regulating the banking industry. The Federal Reserve is an example of a central bank.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2011). Financial holding company (FHC). Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.answers.com/topic/financial-holding-company-fhc
44. C
An individual buys 10 shares of stock for $150 per share on one market, and immediately sells each share for $200 on another market. Arbitrage is profiting from the sale of a financial instrument (e.g., stock) or good on a different market. Arbitrage often involves the buying and selling of goods and other types of services. For example, a person who buys a set of football tickets from a sport organization for $100 and sells them on E-bay to another person for $500 is engaging in arbitrage. When an individual earns interest on his/her money by agreeing to leave it in a financial institution for a certain timeframe, s/he is investing in a certificate of deposit. Businesses that set aside money for their employees' retirement are contributing to a pension plan. A business that sells bonds is using debt financing to raise funds for its expansion efforts.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (n.d.). What is arbitrage? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://economics.about.com/cs/finance/a/arbitrage_3.htm
45. D
Hedge funds involve private investment partnerships. A hedge fund is a pooled investment fund that uses many types of aggressive investment strategies to maximize returns. A hedge fund involves a limited number of investors (private partnership) and requires a large minimum investment amount. Professional financial managers manage hedge funds rather than government agencies.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2011). Hedge fund. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hedgefund.asp
46. C
Financial statements. Publicly-traded companies are required by law to provide financial statements to their shareholders every 90 days. Company report cards and yearly newsletters are not typical items that they are required to provide. Stock research is usually something that external sources provide to stockholders.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
47. B
What breaking news affected the company that day. While breaking news about a company can be easily found in a newspaper, financial publication, or web site, stock tables deal with the actual numbers. Therefore, investors would learn if the stock is up or down, what the stock's yearly price range is, and what the day's volume was.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
48. B
Prompt Payment Act. When the U.S. federal government owes money to a contracted employee or business, the government must pay the employee or business according to the Prompt Payment Act. There are no U.S. legal requirements for financial exchange called "Early Bird," "Secure Contracting," or "Government Guidelines."
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Financial Management Service. (n.d.). Prompt payment: Regulations and guidelines. Retrieved August 12, 2011 from http://www.fms.treas.gov/prompt/index.html
49. A
Insurance policy. Transference is a risk-response strategy that involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or something else. An insurance policy, which is a common transference device, is a contractual agreement in which one company (the insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (the insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Smoke alarms help to mitigate or reduce the damage that a fire could cause to a property. A contingency plan is a set of specific guidelines and activities used when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses need to develop contingency plans in the event that risks that they have accepted actually occur. A risk checklist is a standardized list of risks that a business faces on a regular basis. It is often used to speed up the risk identification process.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
50. A
Due care. Because accountants prepare the financial information that businesses use to make financial decisions, they must uphold the ethical standards of their profession. They must be objective, honest, and maintain client confidentiality. Accountants must also use due care when performing their jobs. Due care is a commitment to thoroughly perform work to the best of one's ability. Passive behavior is conduct in which people fail to exercise their own rights and to respect their own needs. Because accounting procedures are based on generally accepted accounting practices, ethical accounting behavior involves rigid standards rather than flexible standards and personal preferences.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 108). South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. C
Creditors. Creditors utilize the information generated from a profit-and-loss statement to review the financial status of a business. Creditors are responsible for deciding if a business is granted a loan, or a cash advance, and want to make sure a business has the cash flow to repay a loan. Top executives and managers use the information in making decisions about operations and how to run the company efficiently. Investors would not be of concern in this situation since the company is privately owned.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
52. A
To avoid penalties. There are laws and regulations governing the finance process that businesses should understand in order to operate legally. These laws and regulations involve credit, reporting and paying taxes, issuing stock, etc. By understanding the legal considerations, businesses can avoid violating the law which also enables them to avoid incurring penalties. Some penalties are significant and can include large fines, restrictions on future operations, or even force the company out of business. Businesses do not need to understand the legal considerations for finance to manage budgets, reduce expenses, or compensate employees.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (p. 38). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
53. A
$17,575. Businesses often develop budgets for specific activities such as a special sales promotion. The purpose of developing a specific budget is to allocate the necessary funds to pay for the activity. In this situation, a business is budgeting the amount it will need to print, advertise, and distribute coupons for a special sale. To calculate the amount to budget, add the total anticipated costs ($15,000 + $2,225 + $350 = $17,575). The number of coupons that will be redeemed affects the amount the business will budget for income rather than the amount it will budget to produce and distribute coupons.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
54. D
Customer service sending brochures about the company's loans to people who've just taken out loans with the company. Financial-information management systems tie financial transaction data with nonfinancial transaction data so that money is not wasted on promoting financial products to those who've just obtained the financial product. They encompass both processes and technologies to manage data about finances, internal operational information, and external market and competitive indicators. Use of a financial-information management system will not keep a company's computer from crashing nor will it keep different versions of a database application from being incompatible. Mergers and acquisitions present a challenge to the finance industry in terms of financial-information management; however, its use will not eliminate mergers and acquisitions from happening.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Acevedo, L. (n.d.). What are the benefits of a financial information management system? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5031791_benefits-financialmanagement-information-system.html
55. A
A financial-information management system can be used to support operations management decisions. Operations managers might use a financial-information management system to determine operating efficiency, manage inventory, or evaluate key suppliers. Although technology is an integral part of financial-information management function, it is not the only part. The financial-information management function involves people, processes, and equipment/technology. Due to increased compliance requirements, the financial-information management function's responsibilities have increased in recent years. Much more data must be maintained by the financial-information management system for longer periods of time as a result of new laws and regulations. Data in a financial-information management system should be current. In many situations, decision makers need to know what is happening right now, not what happened months or even years ago.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 341). South-Western Cengage Learning.
56. D
Implement security policies. Businesses have an ethical responsibility to maintain the privacy of their customers' financial information. Businesses must take precautions to ensure that customers' credit, loan, and other types of financial data are kept confidential. To maintain confidentiality, businesses must develop and implement security policies. The policies may restrict the employees' access to customers' financial information. The policies may also involve the use of computer safety measures, such as firewalls and encryption techniques. Collection procedures are the activities that the business uses to collect funds owed by others. Developing collection procedures, monitoring competitors' activities, and reviewing inventory systems are not actions that will help businesses protect the privacy of their customers' financial information.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 355-359). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
57. A
Install firewalls. To protect their clients' financial well-being, financial institutions must take great care to ensure that their online systems are safe from hackers. One way financial institutions protect their clients from hackers is by installing firewalls. A firewall is a type of computer security system that interfaces between the business's computer system and the Internet. The firewall protects sensitive information from hacking activities. Encryption is another way that financial-services businesses protect online financial information. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so only the recipient can read it. Intranet refers to a system of networked computers within a business. Limiting the number of online transactions does not secure or protect financial information from hackers.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 358-359). South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. C
Data mining. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns of information and correlations among information. Businesses use the information they obtain from data mining to make business decisions, such as analyzing and determining the customers who possess the highest buying potential. By having this type of information available, businesses can target their marketing efforts to these customers. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Surveying is a marketing research technique that involves asking customers questions to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Industry forecasting involves making predictions of the future prospects for entire industries (e.g., housing, retailing).
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 172-173]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. B
Presented. Unless data-mining results are presented in a useful and clear manner, they are meaningless to researchers. Changing results can skew the validity of the results. Researchers can't argue about the validity of the results unless the results are meaningful enough to interpret them. People rather than results are instructed.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
60. D
Respond quickly to changes in the business environment. The use of budgeting applications can provide decision makers with real-time data on an ongoing basis so that they can make changes in response to what is impacting the business. To be effective, decision makers cannot wait a year to make budget revisions when changes occur. One of the goals of budgeting applications is to break down departmental silos by sharing information among departments. Use of real-time data does not automatically create a need to increase the amount budgeted to line items. The availability of real-time data enable a business to be flexible so that it can respond appropriately to changes.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage Corporation. (2011). Analyze, forecast, & report your business performanceCentage budget software. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.bmconference.com/index.php?id=98
61. C
Cash flow. Computer applications aid businesses in analyzing many types of financial issues. Businesses often want to evaluate the changes in their cash position. To evaluate changes in cash position, the business would analyze its cash flow. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of the business. Evaluating cash flow helps the business forecast and determine the amount of cash it has to work with at any given time. Expenses are cash outflows and are one aspect of analyzing the business's cash flow. Fixed costs are expenses that are not affected by changes in sales volume. Analyzing performance may involve evaluating the productivity and efficiency of different resources (e.g., human, materials, equipment).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
62. A
Designates tables. SQL—Structured Query Language—is used for building queries and performing database administration tasks. All queries in Access have a SQL statement. SQL statements are made up of clauses with each clause beginning with a keyword that is typically written in all caps. Other key words used in SQL query statements are: SELECT - Retrieves fields WHERE - Identifies filter criteria ORDER BY - Sort order(s)
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Bolton, D. (n.d.). What is SQL? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://cplus.about.com/od/thebusinessofsoftware/a/whatissql.htm
63. A
Others rely on the information when making credit and/or investment decisions. It's important for investment firms to share their actual financial situation rather than manipulate the numbers to present the most desired financial situation. Accountants, rather than investment firms, maintain an accurate accounting of people's revenue and expenses. Having both brick-and-mortar and virtual businesses would not impact the accuracy of investment firms' reporting. Unfortunately, most people understand that not all people are honest. Therefore, they need to know enough about investing to make good choices.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Accounting and Compliance International. (n.d.). Accurate accounting for broker-dealers. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.finraexamsupport.com/accurate-accounting
64. D
Independent auditor. Businesses must report their financial positions accurately so that investors and the firms themselves can make educated, wise financial decisions. To ensure that a company's financial statements are accurate, error-free, and not misleading, the SEC requires that an independent auditor (a Certified Public Accountant who is not affiliated with the firm) review the statements. An internal accountant is responsible for maintaining financial accounts for and reporting the financial results of the company for which s/he works. A forensic accountant conducts investigations to undercover illegal accounting activities and provides litigation support for specific cases. A virtual auditor is a technological tool used by many companies to review accounting records and financial transactions as they change and/or occur.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Moen, J. (2010, March 30). External audit. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.centerfornonprofitexcellence.org/files/Audit%20Toolkit%20Revised.pdf
65. B
Securing business credit. Finance is the function of business that involves all money and money management matters. The purpose of the finance function is to boost a company's growth and reduce its risks. One way the finance function boosts a company's growth is by securing appropriate business credit. Finance managers use accounting information to make financial decisions about the company. Accounting is a finance activity that involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Preparing payroll, processing accounts receivable, and developing depreciation schedules are activities performed by the accounting function.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. D
External users. A business uses the financial accounting system to report its financial position to external users, those who are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the business. These financial accounting reports provide information about the profitability of the business that those outside the business, such as investors or creditors, might use to decide if they want to invest in the business or give the business a loan. Bookkeepers and regional managers are internal users. Businesses use the management accounting system to report the business's financial position to internal users.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [pp. 34-35]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. D
Profitability ratios. Profitability ratios measure the business's ability to generate profit. By comparing the profitability ratios from consecutive time periods (e.g., quarterly), the business can determine if it is generating profits. If profits tend to increase, then it is likely that the business is generating more revenue or making money. Advertising budgets, interest rates, and payroll records do not provide information about the business's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). What are the five categories of financial ratios and what do they measure? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/financialratios/f/finratioanal2.htm
68. C
To reduce the likelihood that customers will not pay their bills. Creditors must protect themselves from customers who fail to pay their bills. They're doing this by more closely examining customers' financial statements, determining whether there are cash flow problems that would delay payment, asking for trade references, etc. This is making it more difficult for customers to obtain credit, but the actions help to reduce creditor risk. The goal of the additional surveillance is to decrease the chances of having customers default on their loans, rather than increase them. Creditors are using more stringent methods of verifying a customer's credit than relying on Dun and Bradstreet reports.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Stuart, A. (2009, August 14). Giving credit risk its due. Retrieved August 12, 2011, http://www.cfo.com/article.cfm/14247382
69. D
To understand accounting treatment. By reviewing a business's financial data, a finance professional can learn whether the business is using accrual or cash accounting methods. With the accrual method, transactions are recorded at the time they occur, rather than when payment is received or made. With cash accounting, transactions are recorded when payment is received or made. The accrual method is used by most businesses since it allows the current cash flows to be combined with future expected cash flows, thereby giving a more accurate picture of a company's current financial condition. Cash accounting presents a more conservative view of a company's financial situation; therefore, it's important to analyze financial data to determine the accounting treatment that has been used. Marketing and management determine what products need to be recalled. Recalls are generally due to safety issues. Financial data are quantitative data rather than qualitative data. Financial models are used in analyzing financial data rather than being an outcome of the analysis.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Wicked How-To's. (2007-2011) Accrual basis vs cash basis accounting: The differences. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://wickedhowtos.com/index.php/2008/05/21/accrualbasis-vs-cash-basis-accounting-the-differences/
70. D
Storage and disposal of chemicals. Storage and disposal of chemicals is a workplace-related safety and health issue that is most likely regulated by law. Sometimes, companies go above and beyond their legal obligations to provide safe and healthy work environments and offer optional programs such as weightmanagement programs, smoking cessation support groups, and health education information sessions.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
71. A
Exchanges. Marketing is described as creating exchanges—or encouraging trade by providing opportunities. Regarding the other options, marketing satisfies needs, uses advertisements, and bridges the gap between producers and customers.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
72. D
Privacy. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision making. Some of this information may be personal data that businesses obtain about their employees, customers, suppliers, etc. Individuals have the right to expect that the privacy of their personal information will be maintained. Businesses that are ethical do everything they can to protect private information and make sure it is not misused or made available to unauthorized users. Safety is freedom from danger or risk. Dignity is a high degree of calmness and self-possession. Equity is fairness.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 357-358). South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. B
Create a distribution list. When businesspeople must send information to a group of people on a regular basis, they can create a distribution list from their e-mail address book. This application places all of the desired recipients of certain types of messages in a special group or list. When the message sender wants to e-mail everyone on the list, s/he clicks on the “list name” in the address book, and all of the recipients' names appear in the “to” field of the e-mail message header. Because the distribution list saves time, it increases the businessperson's efficiency and productivity. Businesspeople use the e-mail flagging function to remind them to follow-up with something within a particular message that they have received. Using the copy and paste application and deleting old contact information are activities that do not save the message sender time when e-mailing a single message to many recipients.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Microsoft Corporation. (n.d.). Create a distribution list. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook/HP052578011033.aspx
74. A
Test themselves. Presentation software enables businesses to develop materials that contain interactive buttons. This allows employees to test themselves on their knowledge and understanding of the material. Businesses often develop this type of computerized training materials because it allows employees to learn at their own pace, test themselves, and review the material if necessary. Employees can read a question or view an action on a computer screen and respond by clicking on an interactive button. The computer quickly processes the information and advises the employees if their answers are correct. Businesses do not develop computerized training materials that contain interactive buttons in order to allow employees to study together, access databases, or conduct research.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Russell, W. (n.d.). What is PowerPoint? How do I use PowerPoint? Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://presentationsoft.about.com/od/powerpointtipsandfaqs/f/ppt_overview.htm
75. A
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given time period. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access the same business information. Some applications, such as e-mail, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. Quick responses can increase an employee's productivity because the employee can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Collaborative computer software does not necessarily increase an employee's independence or motivation because other factors can affect a person's independence (e.g., type of job) and motivation. The business, rather than its employees, receives the profit that might result from increases in the employees' productivity.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Marotta, L. (2006, October 3). Utilizing the full advantages of groupware applications to boost team collaboration. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.web-conferencingzone.com/advantages-of-groupware-applications.htm
76. B
Varies greatly. The length of time that businesses use and store their records can vary greatly. Some businesses will use certain records indefinitely, while other businesses might maintain information on a seasonal basis or for only one year. The law often determines how long certain records must be maintained.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
77. B
Revenue sources. Businesses monitor many types of internal information to make decisions. Accountsreceivable reports and income statements are accounting records that summarize information about various aspects of a business's revenues. Revenue is generated by a variety of sources, including sales and investments. By reviewing these reports, the business can determine which sources are generating income for the business and where problems exist. Accounts-receivable reports and income statements do not provide a business with information about inventory levels, customer-service ratings, or staffing needs.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Gaspar, J.E., Bierman, L., Kolari, J.W., Hise, R.T., Smith, L.M., & Arreolas-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (pp. 383-384). Boston: Houghton Miffllin.
78. D
Variance. Variance is a measure of how data points differ from the mean. Its calculation will help you to show others how dispersed the data were from the mean of 7. The mean of a set of numbers is also called the average. A geometric mean is used in business to show average rates of growth. This, too, would be a measure of central tendency.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Lind, D.A, Marchal, W.G., Wathen, S.A. (2005). Statistical techniques in business & economics (12th ed.) [p. 74]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
79. D
To reduce the risk of widespread illness. The purpose of health regulations is to protect the population from widespread illnesses. Depending on the industry or business type, most localities require businesses to follow certain rules to reduce the risk of illness. For example, various levels of government are likely to require that restaurants handle, store, and cook foods in certain ways to prevent illnesses such as e coli. Safety regulations intend to reduce the risk of accidents. The purpose of environmental regulations is to protect the natural environment from such issues as air pollution and waste management. Following health ordinances does not lower a community's need for medical care facilities.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
80. C
Financial loss. It is estimated that the total financial loss, or cost, of accidents to businesses exceeds $92.7 billion a year. Part of these costs come from having to pay higher insurance rates. Loss of career and reduction of benefits would be effects on employees rather than on the business.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: SCORE. (n.d.). Risk management. Retrieved August 12, 2011 from http://www.ctclic.com/Newsletters/customer-files/riskmanagement.pdf
81. D
Law enforcement. Theft and robbery are examples of security emergencies. Many companies develop procedures that advise employees how to handle these types of situations. If a theft or a robbery occurs, an employee generally contacts law enforcement officials (e.g., police). The fire department is contacted about fire-related issues. Health and welfare agencies do not handle security issues.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 69-70, 77]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
82. A
Contingency plan. A contingency plan is often known as "Plan B," or the backup in the event that the original plan will not work for some reason. Businesses often develop contingency plans along with original project plans in order to be prepared for the unexpected. There's no way to know when a crisis will occur, and having a contingency plan often helps a business to be successful even under adverse conditions. Businesses do not develop an escape mechanism, which is a way out of a situation. Suggestion programs are usually intended to encourage employees to share ideas. A modified schedule might be a part of a contingency plan.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2003). Essentials of management (6th ed.) [pp. 116-117]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
83. D
Standing-order. Businesses often negotiate a long-term price from a specific vendor for various staple items such as office supplies. The vendor guarantees the price and delivers the products at regular intervals, such as every other day or twice a week. This is an example of the standing-order purchasing method because the vendor automatically delivers the predetermined amount at a predetermined time for a guaranteed price. The business does not need to call the vendor each time it needs an order of copy paper or toner. The competitive-bid method involves obtaining several prices before placing an order, often with the vendor that offered the lowest bid. The blank-check method involves allowing some vendors to deliver goods without negotiating a price.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: WebFinance, Inc. (2011). Standing order. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/standing-order.html
84. C
Reduce costs. It is often more costly not to provide quality than to use methods to increase quality. If businesses develop a reputation of providing low quality goods and services, they may lose customers, which is costly. Therefore, it is to the business's advantage to use quality control methods so the work will be done correctly rather than spend money to correct mistakes, handle customer complaints, and find new customers. Using quality control methods involves time, but it is time well spent to reduce the cost of correcting mistakes. Using quality control methods usually decreases waste. Some quality control methods might require directions which could be a disadvantage.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [p. 293]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
85. D
Reduce staff. Businesses constantly monitor the level of operating expenses in relation to revenue and estimated profit in order to detect early signs that their operating expenses are excessive. A business might decide to lay off several part-time or newly-hired employees if the financial information indicates that income has decreased while expenses for employees' salaries have increased excessively. Borrowing funds, decreasing sales, or purchasing supplies would not solve the problem of excessive operating expenses.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2011) Cost control. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/encyclopedia/Cos-Des/Cost-Control.html
86. A
Identify activities. The first step toward orderly and systematic behavior is to list the activities in which you are involved, the things you need to get done, and your commitments. Classifying activities involves categorizing activities to help you visualize what you have to do. To prioritize activities means to rank them in order of importance. To perform activities implements your plan.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. A
Career, physical, financial. A career goal is an objective for your work life, such as to be a businessman. Physical goals are objectives for your health and well-being, such as exercising. Financial goals are measured in terms of money. Emotional and ethical are not types of goals. Educational goals deal with education, and social goals are objectives for interactions with other people.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
88. C
Be flexible. Natalia needs to learn how to be flexible. It's more important that she work on what her boss needs her to work on. Everyone encounters these unexpected changes in his/her schedule. Natalia's problem doesn't have anything to do with knowing when and how she works best, planning meetings wisely, or getting enough sleep.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
89. B
Relationships with friends. When people's physical and safety needs have been met, they look to other people to fulfill their social needs. These include the need to belong to a group, to develop relationships with other people, to feel accepted, and to receive affection. Job security and the opportunity for promotion would contribute to the satisfaction of physical needs by providing income to meet those needs. Praise from a supervisor would help to fill self-esteem needs by making the individual feel that what s/he does is important in some way.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building (7th ed.) [pp. 324-325]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
90. D
Exploratory interview. An exploratory interview is a meeting in which the purpose is to gather information about a specific topic. Jacob wants to gather information about a specific career, so he sets up a meeting or exploratory interview with someone who works in the field. A person who obtains a position with an organization for the purpose of gaining work experience in a certain field is participating in an internship. A forum is a meeting that is open to many people. To evaluate the job, Jacob must first obtain information about the position, which is done by holding an exploratory interview.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 54-56). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. C
Contacting friends of the family. A network includes all of the people an individual knows who might be able to help with career advancement. These contacts can be personal friends or friends of the family as well as businesspeople, members of organizations, or anyone who might have information about possible jobs. Contacting friends of the family is one way to start building a network of people who can provide job leads. Networking does not involve looking up jobs on the Internet or reading want ads in the newspaper. Asking school counselors for advice is not networking unless those people can provide names of others who might become sources.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 112-114). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. C
Treasurer. A treasurer is a title for a type of financial manager, or a person who is responsible for overseeing part or all of an organization's finances. Treasurers are responsible for an organization's financial goals and objectives. They oversee investments, cash management, and capital raising. Bill and account collectors, procurement clerks, and billing clerks are all types of financial clerks who are responsible for financial recordkeeping.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. A
Treasurer. The position of treasurer is in the corporate finance pathway and is responsible for such activities as monitoring the company's financial goals and acquisitions; overseeing investment, cash management, and capital raising; and facilitating mergers and acquisitions. The position of risk manager oversees the company's risk-management program as well as the company's insurance budget. Loan officers are found in the banking services pathway, and they specialize in finding clients and helping them to apply for loans. Actuaries work in the insurance services pathway and are responsible for assessing risk using statistical analysis and for helping to design policies to minimize the cost of that risk.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
94. C
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Finance professionals can enhance their professional standing and career-advancement opportunities by obtaining various certifications and licensures. The CFA certification is a comprehensive certification that requires participants to pass three levels of exams. The CFA certification is beneficial to finance professionals who focus on the long-range financial well-being of businesses and organizations. Insurance underwriters obtain the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification. Loan officers obtain a CLO certification. Finance professionals who specialize in annuities obtain the Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS) certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Kolakowski, M. (2009). CFA. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://financecareers.about.com/od/cfa/a/cfa.htm
95. C
Networking. When people connect with others who might help them accomplish their personal career and professional goals, they are networking. Finance professionals might learn about employment and continuing education opportunities as well as prospective clients (selling opportunities) through the networking process. Socializing involves personal activities rather than professional activities. Coordinating is linking activities together in a systematic or organized way.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 407, 528]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
96. C
Decreased company value. Once word spreads about the business's unethical behavior, investors will probably withdraw their financial support of the business. This would cause the company's value to decrease. With unethical business behavior, the business can expect whistle-blowing to increase because employees have more activities that they could report. Employee support for the company is likely to decrease, along with their productivity. The publicity that appears in the media will be negative, not positive.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Ebersole, G. (n.d.). Ten most significant risks and costs of unethical behavior in business. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Ten-Most-Significant-Risks-andCosts-of-Unethical-Behavior-in-Business&id=427722
97. B
Digital dashboards. Digital dashboards are being used in the finance industry to deliver "what-if" scenarios, based on handpicked combinations of monthly data such as line of business, FICO band, county, loan amount, and loan status. The dashboard is fed by a business intelligence and data warehousing environment, supported by Microsoft products. They can review the amounts and number of loans funded or in the pipeline, and then view them by criteria selected by the user. Time value of money calculators are financial software that enables the user to calculate present value, future value, interest rate, payments, net present value, etc. Account reconciliation technology matches and compares figures from accounting records against external sources and reconciles internal account balances to subledgers. Financial reporting and consolidation technology is useful for large companies and overseas operations and is used to combine financial data from the company's subsidiaries.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Jepson, K. (2008, November 8). Risky business: CU uses dashboard tool to dive more deeply into data and manage its risk. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-35926361_ITM
98. C
Monitor regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. Therefore, it is important for a business to continuously monitor government regulations to ensure that it is in compliance, and make changes, if necessary, to become compliant. Evaluating competitors, obtaining customer feedback and allocating operating funds are not actions that will reduce risks associated with noncompliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
99. C
Implement and monitor safety policies. Businesses can take many actions to control their level of risk. Developing, implementing, and monitoring specific safety policies is one way to lower risks associated with accidents in the workplace. Accidents can be costly to the business, especially if it does not carry sufficient comprehensive property insurance to cover these types of situations and the severe injuries that may result. Crime insurance policies protect businesses from losses associated with theft. Health insurance is a benefit that businesses offer to their employees to help offset medical expenses. A business plan is the written business model, which shows how the business works now and how it is intended to work in the future.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: SCORE. (n.d.). Risk management. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://www.ctclic.com/Newsletters/customer-files/riskmanagement.pdf
100. A
PIN debits. In addition to account numbers, customers must also provide their PIN number to process online payments. This adds an additional layer of protection for online transactions. Malware is malicious software used to illegally obtain account and personal information provided for online transactions. Einvoicing is electronic billing. PEPPOL is an initiative that aims to provide standardized processes for businesses to bid on government contracts.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Visa. (1996-2011). PIN security and key management program. Retrieved August 12, 2011, from http://usa.visa.com/merchants/risk_management/cisp_pin_security.html?ep=v_sym_pin
Test 1064
Finance Cluster Exam
1. D
Increase operating costs. Environmental laws are intended to conserve and protect the natural environment. Many of these laws have an impact on the way businesses operate by requiring them to decrease pollution or control waste. As a result, businesses often need to spend money to comply with the rules and regulations, which leads to an increase in operating costs. For example, a business might need to purchase pollution-control devices. Environmental laws do not require businesses to hire more employees or develop exterior landscapes. The laws do not limit equipment purchases. In fact, businesses may need to buy more equipment to comply with the laws.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [p. 539]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Corporation. Stockholders in corporations have limited liability; that is, their losses are limited to the amount of money that they have invested in the business. Partnerships and sole proprietorships have unlimited liability, meaning that the business owners are personally liable for debts incurred by the business. Joint proprietorship is not a form of business ownership.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
Provide information to investors so they can make informed decisions. Full-disclosure laws and regulations require companies to disclose—publicize—any information that could affect the value of the firms' stocks. Investors need this information so they can make informed buy, hold, or sell decisions about investments. Full-disclosure laws also prevent company employees and other insiders from using privileged information for their personal gain. Full-disclosure laws do not require companies to disclose every bit of information about their operations—some undisclosed trade secrets are permitted. Fulldisclosure laws and regulations are not designed to impact par values of stock.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Mayo, H.B. (2007). Basic finance: An introduction to financial institutions, investments, & management (9th ed.) [p. 30]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
4. D
The corporation's board of directors. The board of directors consists of individuals who are appointed or elected to make decisions on behalf of the company's owners-the shareholders. Professional organizations, the company's line staff, and the municipal court systems do not make decisions for a corporation on behalf of the shareholders.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Murray, J. (n.d.). Fiduciary-fiduciary responsibility. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://biztaxlaw.about.com/od/glossaryf/g/fiduciary.htm
5. A
Property passing directly to the surviving spouse. An estate tax is a tax on the fair-market value of assets that are transferred to another person upon the owner's death. In some situations, beneficiaries can obtain estate-tax deductions. The marital deduction is a deduction that applies when the deceased individual's property passes directly to the surviving spouse. Estate-tax deductions apply to some qualified charitable contributions. Valuable art, collectibles, and money that are left to children, relatives, and friends are not tax deductible under estate-tax code.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2011, October 31). Frequently asked questions on estate taxes. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=108143,00.html#5
6. C
In compliance. There are various government regulations pertaining to the finance industry that financial institutions are required to follow. When financial institutions follow the regulations, they are in compliance with the laws and regulations. Many of these laws affect how financial information is reported, and how the privacy of personal financial information is protected. When financial institutions follow government regulations, they are abiding by the law rather than being ethical. Being ethical is voluntary whereas being in compliance is required by law. The financial institutions are not in mediation or being independent.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2006, April). Financial institutions and customer information: Complying with the safeguards rule. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://business.ftc.gov/documents/bus54-financial-institutions-and-customer-informationcomplying-safeguards-rule
7. C
Clustering. Clustering involves dividing customers in a database into groups based on their similarities and differences. Estimation is used to determine a value for an unknown variable such as a sales forecast. Regression involves using existing values to forecast what continual values will be. Prediction uses historical data to build a model to forecast future customer behavior.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (p. 343). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
8. D
Comparative reasoning. A virtual auditor, which is a type of compliance technology, uses multiple reasoning processes to continuously review financial transactions and processes to identify errors and/or compliance violations. Comparative reasoning is used to identify financial system transactions that are very similar to each other but not exactly alike. For example, after identifying two close matches, comparative reasoning is used to determine if one transaction was entered multiple times or if the two entries in the system are for two separate transactions. Contextual reasoning is used to consider each financial transaction's circumstances and how it compares to historical patterns in the system. Temporal reasoning involves considering the timing of a financial transaction. Cross-source reasoning is used to compare financial transactions and processes in multiple financial systems.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (n.d.). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.oversightsystems.com/pdf/whitepapers/IT_4_biz_improvement_060725.pdf
9. C
Paraphrasing. Paraphrasing, an important active-listening strategy, is restating a message in your own words in order to confirm or clarify its meaning. Repetition is also an active strategy. Analysis involves evaluating the information. Reception involves hearing the information, not necessarily restating it.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
10. D
Leave a good last impression with callers. Leaving a good last impression is just as important as creating a positive first impression. Employees do not want the professional image they have created to be ruined in the last seconds of the call. Concluding calls pleasantly may help you to get a good performance review, but that is not the purpose of it. Providing callers with accurate information and making good use of your time are not part of ending calls pleasantly.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 50). Mason, OH: South-Western.
11. C
A complete statement of the main idea. A thesis is a single, complete statement of the main idea. It is not a statement of purpose, nor does it describe how the audience should respond. It is not the structure for the presentation, but is the starting point for the structure.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9—Well Said!
12. B
Misunderstood. Clearly written communications can prevent problems that may be caused by poor listening or speaking skills. The written message can also be checked for clarity and accuracy before it is delivered. Both writing and speech can be friendly or businesslike in tone.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 112, 116-117, 282]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. C
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 319-321]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. A
Suggestions. Upward communication involves sending a message to someone at a higher level in the business. Many businesses encourage upward communication by making it possible for employees to send suggestions and comments to management. Employees who have suggestions on how to improve quality or make positive changes are given an opportunity to transmit that information upward to managers. Instructions, evaluations, and corrections are usually transmitted from a higher level down to employees at a lower level.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 27-28). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Co.
15. B
Creating targeted marketing campaigns. Businesses use technology to build positive customer relations by identifying valuable customers and creating targeted marketing campaigns to reach them. Calling customers at home, placing pop-up ads online, and sending “junk e-mails will create negative customer relations instead of positive ones.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
16. B
Promote goodwill. Goodwill is a positive feeling a person has toward a business. Properly settling complaints will promote goodwill, which may increase sales for the business. Increased returns and increased markdowns are negative outcomes of handling complaints improperly. Handling complaints properly does not affect objections—customers' reasons for not buying.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 57). Mason, OH: South-Western.
17. C
Be honest, open, and trustworthy. While it is important for finance professionals to help their clients manage their finances and grow their wealth, it is also important that they earn their clients' trust. Finance professionals earn their clients' trust by behaving ethically and being honest and open. By doing so, finance professionals are more likely to build long-term relationships with their clients. Finance professionals must help clients set financial goals with which the clients are comfortable—some clients can or want to make risky investments, while others take a more conservative approach. Earning trust and helping clients meet their financial goals also involve ongoing, consistent, and frequent communication with their clients. Requiring clients to sign a short-term contract will not always help finance professionals build long-term relationships with their clients.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 235-238). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
18. B
Simple explanations. When providing product information to clients, finance professionals should keep the clients' point-of-view in mind. Clients may not be familiar with finance industry jargon, technical terms, or acronyms. Therefore, finance professionals should use simple, clear language that clients understand. While standard responses are sometimes helpful to finance professionals, it is usually better to keep individual clients in mind when providing product information since different clients are likely to have different knowledge bases.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Buzzell, D., & Spasovski, S. (2004). Principles of banking (8th ed.) [p. 152]. Washington: American Bankers Association.
19. D
Fines, penalties, and bankruptcy. When a business does not follow or comply with government regulations, it may experience negative consequences. The government might issue penalties or high fines for noncompliance. Noncompliance may result in a poor public image that lowers the business's credibility with the public. Customers may stop buying from the business and start buying products from the business's competitors, resulting in lower sales. Lower sales negatively affect the business's financial health and may cause the business to file for bankruptcy. If the business is a corporation, noncompliance issues may negatively affect its stock values.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Testa, B. (2005). The high cost of noncompliance. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.edn.com/article/CA6252379.html
20. D
Economic votes. Consumers vote for products and prices by purchasing and against products and prices by not purchasing. Their purchases are made from their discretionary income, the part of their gross income that they can decide to spend or save. Capital investment is the funds used to start and to maintain a business. Wants are wishes or longing for things that are lacking, and they are unlimited.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
21. A
Preferences. Though a consumer's income and background may affect his/her purchase decisions, the consumer's preferences are what utility reveals. Utility does not show what influences a consumer—or what a consumer influences.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
22. B
At any particular moment. The market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular moment and may change whenever the seller desires to change it. The market price could change as frequently or infrequently as necessary and is not based on the price prevailing on a specific day or time of the year.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
23. C
Communities. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. Many of the decisions that business owners make affect not only the business but the community in which the business exists. One way that businesses demonstrate social responsibility to their communities is by contributing money to local educational, cultural, and training programs. Businesses use other methods to demonstrate social responsibility toward their employees, customers, and stockholders.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
24. C
One business activity changes, so the others must adjust in response. Since the primary business activities are interrelated, when one business activity changes, the others must adjust in response. Changes in the products introduced, changes in specific employee roles, and changes in business strategies/tactics do not represent the interrelationship of business activities overall. They represent smaller changes that take place within specific business activities.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
25. C
Increases at a rate faster than population. A higher standard of living is the direct result of higher productivity. A decrease in productivity will lead to a lower standard of living. An increase in population, when combined with a similar increase in productivity, could actually lead to a lower standard of living. Similarly, when productivity remains the same while population increases, a lower standard of living will probably result.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
26. D
Perseverance. Leaders are often the people who keep trying in spite of setbacks and seemingly impossible obstacles. This is perseverance. With characteristics from emotional intelligence, such as motivation, leaders learn to outlast disappointment and fatigue. Trying in spite of setbacks is not the same as proactive behavior—taking action before problems develop. It is also not the same as confidence or getting along with a variety of people (positive working relationships).
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. A
Self-confidence. Physical health can affect your self-confidence. Most personal traits are interdependent, and changes in one may affect another. Physical health can affect an individual's self-confidence, selfesteem, attitude, creativity, assertiveness, etc. Gender refers to whether an individual is male or female, a factor that is not affected by physical health. Ethnic heritage is the cultural background handed down to individuals by the ethnic group, or culture, into which they were born.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
28. B
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. People with integrity do not take more time than is necessary to do a job because they know that increases expenses for a business. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. Body language is nonverbal communication, and empathy is the ability to put yourself in another's place.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
29. A
To do what everyone else does. Employees who behave unethically often justify their actions by believing that everyone else does it. Some employees may see their coworkers use company equipment for personal projects and then do the same themselves. Most employees realize that such behavior is unethical and use "Everyone else does it" as an excuse. Unethical behavior would not result in long-term, positive customer relations. Most people would not want their unethical behavior to be publicized. Although some people may behave unethically to become managers, it is not a main reason for unethical behavior.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
30. C
"I am so sorry. I understand how difficult that must have been for you." Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. It enables you to imagine how the other person sees things and feels about them. The other alternatives are comments that do not involve empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy to Others)
31. B
Privacy. Many types of information are private or confidential. As a result, ethics is a consideration when providing information because it would be unethical to pass on private or confidential information about an individual without that person's knowledge or consent. This also applies to providing information about a company or organization that might be private or confidential. Respect, safety, and diversity are not ethical considerations when providing information.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 267). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
32. D
To maintain productivity. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Excessive stress can have a negative effect on employees, such as reducing productivity. When employees feel stress, they may not work efficiently. Also, stress may cause employees to miss work because of stress-related illnesses. To maintain productivity, many businesses develop activities and programs that help employees reduce stress. For example, some businesses provide recreational activities such as exercise programs during the work day. Some businesses provide quiet areas for employees to relax or listen to music. The intention is to reduce stress so employees will remain healthy and productive. Businesses do not develop programs and activities to help reduce employee stress to encourage creativity, eliminate conflict, or exhibit empathy.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 220). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
33. B
Installment. Customers must usually pay a finance charge, or interest, for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Revolving credit plans do not require down payments. Regular, or open, credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
34. C
One percent. The amount of interest you earn in a typical savings account is about one percent. Making 10, 11, or 15 percent would only be possible through investing.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
35. C
17. If you are 17 now, the best age to begin investing is 17! The sooner you begin to take advantage of the compounding growth of the stock market, the better. Compounding is your best friend, because right now, time is on your side. As a teenager, you have more years ahead of you to invest than your grandparents, your parents, and even your older siblings. Waiting until you're 25, 27, or 32 could cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
36. C
Issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. Finance companies, also known as credit companies, are a type of financial institution. Finance companies raise capital by issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. They use this capital to provide loans to businesses and consumers. Insurance companies raise capital by investing funds from premiums and offering loans to clients. Deposit-taking institutions accept funds from savers and use those funds to offer loans to borrowers. Investment institutions, not finance companies, establish mutual funds and investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
37. A
Debt instruments. Debt instruments are assets that generate income, usually by charging interest, for the asset provider. For example, a mortgage is a financial product (asset) provided by a financial institution (asset provider or lender) to a home or business owner. The borrower pays back the mortgage or loan with interest. Charging and collecting interest is the way that the financial institution makes money by providing the loan. Government bonds are debt instruments because the organizations or individuals who purchase the bonds (asset providers) earn interest (income) on the bond from the bond issuer (government). An equity instrument involves acquiring ownership of an asset, such as stock. Mortgages and government bonds are not examples of unrated investments or interest-free services.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (2005, October). What are the differences between debt and equity markets? Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.frbsf.org/education/activities/drecon/answerxml.cfm?selectedurl=/2005/0510.html
38. C
To lower costs. Consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. For example, consolidation occurs when two banks merge to form one bank. By consolidating, the financial firms can achieve economies of scale, which result in reduced redundancy and lower costs. Consolidation can increase the assets (liquid capital) for all of the financial firms involved. Consolidation can also provide consumers with a wider range of financial products. Consolidation may or may not lower business risk.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
39. B
Convergence. Convergence occurs when financial providers from different financial sectors (e.g., banking services and insurance) merge. Consolidation takes place when financial providers within the same institutional category merge. For example, if two banks were to merge, they would be consolidating their companies. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year) of specific actions the business will take. Two businesses should look much further ahead than just one year before making the decision to merge. Licensing is a business structure that requires the authorization or permission from an owner of another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted, or patented material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties. Businesses that enter into licensing agreements do not merge.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (p. 5-106). Columbus, OH: Author.
40. A
Stock prices to increase. Falling interest rates typically cause stock prices to increase. When interest rates fall, it becomes less expensive for companies to acquire funds needed to finance projects and operations. Because their borrowing costs decrease, the companies' earnings often increase. As a result of higher earnings, the companies' stock prices increase as well. Falling interest rates usually cause a positive change in stock prices, not a decrease in stock prices. A stock market crash is a sudden, dramatic decline in stock prices.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Andrews, J.A. (2004). Forces that move stock prices. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Forces-that-Move-Stock-Prices&id=5727
41. C
Quickly withdraw their money from the emerging market. When an emerging market suffers an economic decline, market prices are likely to decline as well. Rather than investing more in the emerging market at the lowered prices and helping the emerging market to recover, foreign investors are typically selfinterested. Therefore, they are likely to withdraw their money from the emerging market and invest the funds in more stable markets elsewhere in the world. The loss of foreign investors' funds often wreaks even more havoc on the emerging market. An economic decline is not likely to reduce transaction costs in the emerging market.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156, 5-157, 5-158). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
42. A
Checking. April's paycheck is going to be directly deposited into her account. Two options that April will have for accessing that money will be either to go to the bank to withdraw needed money or to leave the money in the bank and draw upon the money by writing checks. Since it is difficult for April to get to the bank, opening a checking account is a good idea. To withdraw cash from a savings account, April would have to go to the bank, which is difficult. April does not have enough cash to open a money market account. Her bi-weekly paycheck could not be directly deposited into a certificate of deposit.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: WiseGEEK (2003-2011). What are different types of bank accounts? Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-different-types-of-bank-accounts.htm
43. C
Shareholder sheet. There is no such thing as a shareholder sheet. The balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement are three standard financial statements that are found in annual reports.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
44. A
Profitability. The income statement shows a company's profitability over a period of time. Reliability, equity, and liabilities are not part of the income statement.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
45. C
The range of prices for the year. The numbers in a stock table's 52-week high and low column tell you the range of the prices for the year. But, the numbers simply give the range for the year. Alone they do not tell an investor if the stock is overvalued, what the best price for the stock is, or where the range should be.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
46. A
They uniquely identify a company. Ticker symbols are simply a type of shorthand for company names that uniquely identify them, but they do not tell investors anything else about the company, such as what kind of stock the symbol represents. Sometimes the ticker symbols correspond to a company name, but not always. And as such, they would typically not be made up of a company's first three letters. All stock markets use ticker symbols, not just the New York Stock Exchange.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
47. D
Bonds. A lending investment is one in which a lender allows a borrower to use his/her money during a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest. A bond is a type of lending investment in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Homes, antiques, and stocks are ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 251-254). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. A
Renter's insurance and temporary short-term health insurance. Although Bennett has not started her new job, she should obtain renter's insurance to protect her belongings in the apartment. Since she hasn't started her job yet, she should get temporary health insurance that would provide coverage from 1-12 months. Health insurance will probably be provided by Bennett's employer once she starts working. Auto insurance is not needed since she will be using bus transportation. COBRA is short-term group coverage that individuals can obtain when they're between jobs. They're, in effect, continuing their coverage with their previous employer. No information was provided as to whether Bennett had prior employment.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Vohwinkle, J. (n.d.). Types of insurance policies you need. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://financialplan.about.com/od/insurance/a/insuredoneed.htm
49. C
Economic. Economic risks are risks caused by changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, a change of product, or failure of businesses. Business conditions, such as a labor strike, can create economic risks for businesses. Labor strikes affect other businesses since many of their customers will be out of work and unable to buy goods and services. The other businesses affected by a labor strike may experience decreases in sales and profit, or even be forced to close. Human risks are chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability. Natural risks are chances of loss which result from natural phenomena. Internal is not a type of risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
50. B
Accounts receivable. Accounts receivable are the monies owed to a business by its customers. Businesses maintain financial records that include an exact listing of each transaction that occurs in the business. The records include expenses, money received, and any money owed which is referred to as accounts receivable. Businesses need to know how much money will be coming in over a period of time in order to keep track of current financial status. Tax identification, payroll information, and operating procedures are not types of financial records that businesses need to maintain in order to keep track of their transactions.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
51. C
Income minus expenses. The basic calculation used to analyze an income statement is “income minus expenses. All the money a business earns minus all of its expenses gives an exact picture of how well the company is doing financially. If the outcome is positive, the business has a profit. If the outcome is negative, the business has a loss. Revenue, sales, and assets are included in a business's income. Liabilities and operating costs are included in a business's expenses.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
52. A
Multiple financial data sources and systems within an organization. One of the most common problems faced by financial-information management is multiple financial data sources and systems within an organization. Because of the different, sometimes incompatible data sources and systems, it is often difficult for managers to get a single view of their companies' financials. Therefore, organizational overreliance on a master source and system for financial data is not typically a financial-information management problem. Few companies have a single master source of data nor a single system for recording and reporting the data. Rather than strict organizational data governance policies and processes, most companies suffer from inadequate data governance. Due to increased compliance regulations, most companies have much more financial information than ever before.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Ventana Research. (2011). Research overview. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.ventanaresearch.com/research/overview.aspx?id=42
53. A
Report financial transactions. Financial-information management is the ongoing process of gathering, maintaining, and storing financial data. Businesses use financial data to develop reports that aid the business decision-making process and meet compliance requirements. An important aspect of financial information management is maintaining data about financial transactions such as accounts receivable (e.g., customer sales transactions) and accounts payable (monetary outflows). The business's buyers negotiate contracts with vendors. Buyers may or may not use financial information as leverage during the negotiation process with vendors. The product/service management function of the business focuses on new product development. The selling function of the business implements sales policies.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. A
An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information. Businesses have an ethical duty to protect their clients' financial information. Businesses must develop and implement procedures that reduce the risk of theft or unauthorized access to confidential financial information by internal and external sources. Verifying the accuracy of financial statements, requesting financial information to process a loan, and examining financial records to develop a budget are necessary and ethical practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 339). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. C
Digital microfilm scanner. Businesses must keep a variety of financial information for a certain length of time, often for several years. Many businesses have saved their archived financial information on microfilm. Microfilm is a type of film that stores photographed images and text in a condensed format for easy storage. A digital microfilm scanner can take existing microfilm, which is older technology, and convert it into a digital format. The advantage to switching microfilm records to a digital format is that businesses can easily view the data on computers and share information quickly through the Internet. Direct-response software is a computer program that helps businesses automate their direct-marketing efforts. Electronic data interchange (EDI) is a network of computers that allows businesses to share information. Businesses use web-development programs to develop and maintain web sites.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Roennevig, M. (n.d.). How to convert mircrofil to digital images. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/how_7518751_convert-microfilm-digital-images.html
56. C
Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding. As businesses have become more comfortable with the use of electronic information, their willingness to accept electronic documents as legally binding contracts has also increased. This has been buoyed by the passage of laws recognizing electronic documents and signatures as legally binding. Electronic information exchange procedures have not been removed. These procedures provide a way for people to exchange information electronically. Security remains an issue for online financial-information management. Although the customers' right to privacy is an issue, it has not contributed to the increased use of online technology in financial-information management.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 338-339). South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. C
Identify relationships and patterns among data. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. Businesses use the information they obtain from data mining to make business decisions, such as determining which customers may qualify for credit. Businesses do not use data mining techniques to develop financial goals, manage their working capital, or analyze the accuracy of their accounting records.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital informationenvironment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
58. C
Budgeting tools. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific timeframe. A budget is an important financial tool that helps the business manage its money. Many web sites provide budgeting tools such as software downloads or free printable worksheets. Legal data, statistical information, and organizational charts are not tools that help small-business owners plan and manage their income and expenses.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: About.com. (2009). Budget worksheet. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://financialplan.about.com/cs/budgeting/l/blbudget.htm
59. D
Increases management's confidence in budgets. The efficient management of budget data benefits businesses in a variety of ways, including error detection and control, decreasing the time needed for completing the accounting cycle, and increasing management's confidence, not only in budgets, but also in financial statements and performance scorecards, etc. Since use of efficient budgeting applications decreases the amount of time required to complete the accounting cycle, financial professionals have time to spend on value-added activities, such as decision-making and presentation of information, rather than having to spend more time on them. An audit trail and increased ability to trace the numbers used in budgets are natural outgrowths of the use of budgeting applications.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Oracle. (2008, July). The emerging field of financial data quality management. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.oracle.com/us/products/middleware/bus-int/064080.pdf
60. C
Financial outcomes. Computer spreadsheet software has the ability to calculate formulas and organize numerical data. When a business inputs different values or sets of numerical data in a spreadsheet, the spreadsheet software calculates the values or sets of data, which provides different outcomes based on the values or sets of data that were used. By reviewing the various outcomes, the business can determine the best course of action to take under particular circumstances; the “what ifs of specific situations. Production strategies are the activities used to produce goods and services. Distribution methods are the strategies that a business uses to make sure that products are delivered to the right people at the right place at the right time. Accounting standards are the degrees to which accounting practices (financial recordkeeping) meet certain criteria.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
61. D
To evaluate the amount of money associated with inventory storage. To maintain profitability, a firm must evaluate its costs in relation to its various business functions, which include purchasing, marketing, human resources, operations, etc. Businesses often analyze the various costs associated with carrying products. For example, a temperature-sensitive product may require special warehousing accommodations, which increases the costs associated with storing the product. Businesses use accounts-receivable applications to determine the number of delinquent accounts. Income reports summarize income changes. Businesses use budgeting applications to estimate sales volume.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (2011). Financial analysis. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
62. A
Queries. Businesses store their financial information in databases. Businesses can retrieve, manipulate, and analyze different types of financial information. To obtain specific information from a computer system, the business must input the type of data and parameters for the data it wants. This process is setting the queries. The query is the mechanism used to obtain the desired information from the database. Symbols might be used to set the query, but not always. Tabs are tools used to indent words and phrases in a word-processing program. Businesses do not set panels to obtain financial data from databases.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2011). What is a database? Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
63. A
Macro. A macro is a customized keystroke or shortcut that commands the database program to perform certain tasks automatically, such as inserting a specific table or bolding specific text. Using macros can increase efficiency when working with complex databases. The split function can divide text or cells. The break function inserts page breaks. The consolidate function combines data.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Microsoft Corporation. (n.d.). What is a macro? Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/access/HA012142021033.aspx
64. D
Annual report. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Public corporations, which are owned by shareholders, are required to provide information about their financial standings and performance levels in an annual report. Public corporations do not provide their shareholders with financial information in an informal monthly contract, complex memorandum, or accounting portfolio.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 114). South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. D
Cash-flow statement. A cash-flow statement is a financial report that contains estimates as to when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business in a given timeframe. Lending institutions want to look at loan applicants' cash-flow statements to determine if they have enough money to operate. If an applicant seems to have problems paying bills due to continuous cash shortages, a lending institution may believe it is too risky to process the loan because the applicant may not be able to pay back the loan. A corporation charter is a permit granted by the government to a business that allows the business to operate as a corporation. A petty-cash summary documents a business's small cash transactions. A payment voucher is a receipt.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 76-77, 113-114). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. B
Management. Businesses often prepare financial reports that are intended for internal use, or use by the management of the business. These reports are used to make day-to-day operating decisions. The management accounting system reports financial information that helps businesses to decide if they have funds to hire more employees and increase production, or if they need to reduce costs and improve the rate of collections. The financial accounting system is used to report a business's financial position to external users. Computerized and manual are ways of recording the accounting information.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [pp. 34-35]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. C
Data in financial reports from multiple time periods. Trends indicate the direction that something is headed. They depict patterns. Horizontal analysis requires the comparison of data over a period of time. You cannot look at a single financial report and spot trends for a horizontal analysis.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 83-84). South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. C
Develop a financial strategy to help the customer. Whether the finance professional works internally or externally, or works with individuals or businesses, s/he should be able to analyze the customer's financial information to recommend an appropriate financial strategy for the "customer." Business management would declare a company in bankruptcy based on information provided by the finance professional. Just having a customer's financial information requires finance professionals to protect its privacy—analysis is not required. The customer's marketing department would determine its newest target market, while the finance professional will measure the target market's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Kolakowski, M. (n.d.). Financial planner. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://financecareers.about.com/od/financialplanner/a/finplanner.htm
69. A
Debt ratio. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a bank reviews the loan applicant's debt ratio before approving the loan. The debt ratio indicates the applicant's current level of debt in relation to his/her current assets (e.g., income, home). If the applicant has a high level of outstanding debt and few liquid assets, the applicant is more likely to default on the loan. In this situation, the applicant would most likely be denied the loan. The bank may consider the economy's inflation rate in relation to the applicant's debt ratio when evaluating the loan application. The bank is not likely to consider the applicant's brand preferences or performance goals.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. B
After reviewing sales forecasts and income statements, Angela determines that the company has enough money to hire a new employee. A business analyzes financial data for many reasons. One reason is to make decisions that affect the welfare of the business. For example, if a businessperson decides that s/he can afford to hire a new employee after reviewing sales forecasts and income statements, the businessperson has made a decision based on his/her findings in the financial reports. Asking an accountant to prepare a profit-and-loss statement, obtaining a credit rating report, and obtaining documents to prepare a tax return are not actions that involve decision making.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
71. A
Providing specialized training. Employees often are hired to perform specific jobs that are unique to individual companies. Therefore, providing specialized training is often part of orienting new employees. Although the new employees have the qualifications to do the job, the business may want the job done in a specific way that requires training. Businesses review previous education and develop a compensation package before hiring new employees. Periodic reviews are scheduled after employees have been on the job for a certain length of time.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Park Nicollet Health Services. (n.d.). Training, orientation. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.parknicollet.com/careers/interviewOrientation/trainingOrientation/index.cfm
72. C
Live our daily lives. Overall, marketing allows us to live our daily lives since marketing is involved in almost everything we do. Limiting our spending and not buying online anymore are negative responses that may or may not have anything to do with marketing. Feeling better about shopping could be a positive side effect of marketing.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
73. C
Faster connections with suppliers. The Internet gives businesses faster and easier ways to communicate with both customers and suppliers—through e-mail, chat, video conferencing, etc. It does not necessarily provide improved methods of manufacturing. Use of satellite radio is the result of satellite technology, not the Internet. The ability to call employees on the road is the result of cell phone technology.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
74. C
Each other. An intranet is an internal network of computers within an organization that allows employees to access and share information. Intranet systems benefit businesses because employees can view, transmit, and share information across departments, divisions, or branches. For example, an intranet may allow sales staff, purchasing staff, and warehouse staff to view the inventory status of the business's products simultaneously. This is important because each department works with the business's products in different ways. The intranet system allows each department to monitor the business's inventory levels to perform the work. The intranet provides employees access to the same information at any given time, and helps the business run efficiently. Intranet systems often contain confidential information and are not shared with competitors, customers, and former employees.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 108-109]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
75. C
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a particular program at one time has multi-user capabilities. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (n.d.). Operating system. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.webopedia.com/term/o/operating_system.html
76. B
Store information off site. By putting copies of records in a building far away from her company, Melanie is storing information off site—a part of disaster planning. Melanie has likely established a system already, since she has records to preserve. She may or may not choose to computerize her valuable business information. The records stored off site may or may not be used in a lawsuit in the future. Offsite storage is typically used to avoid hazards, such as fires and floods.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
77. B
Invoice. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information of a sales transaction. The information includes the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit, discount terms, etc. Businesses can review their invoices to determine their customers' buying habits because the invoices record the buyers' (customers') names and the items that the customers have purchased. By reviewing invoices, the business can determine which products are popular and which are not selling. A forecast is an estimation of something. A marketing budget is an estimation of the business's marketing income and expenses for a specific timeframe. An annual report is a summary of the business's financial status.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 350). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. D
Potential threats. A main reason that environmental scanning is important is so that businesses can be aware of potential threats and opportunities. These are all too easy to miss if a business isn't aware of its surroundings. An environmental scan might include information on new products or foreign markets, but these are not the main reasons for conducting it. Most information about a competitor's internal environment would not be available to a competing business.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
79. B
Use of technology. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Advances in technology make it possible for businesses to use computers to control various aspects of the operations function. For example, specialized computer programs can design the layout of the production facility, while other programs can monitor inventory levels and automatically place orders. This technology reduces the number of employees needed to perform these tasks, which controls costs. Other computer programs organize and schedule production activities, which decrease costs and increase productivity. Hiring employees may increase costs and will not necessarily increase productivity. The type of management and the supply of money do not help the operations function to control costs and increase productivity.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 286-293]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
80. A
Lost income. Workplace accidents are costly to both employees and employers. Some of the ways that accidents are costly to employees include missing work and losing income. Lost production, lost sales, and lost profits are some of the ways that accidents are costly to employers.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.). Making the business case for safety and health. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.osha.gov/dcsp/products/topics/businesscase/costs.html
81. D
Project manager. The person responsible for planning a project is usually the same person who is responsible for carrying it out: the project manager. Under the project manager, project assistants, coordinators, and schedulers may work on parts of the planning or information related to the planning. But they are not responsible for planning the entire project.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
82. C
Yes, the services provided by these businesses are their products. Businesses are engaged in production, whether they produce goods or services. Even though services are intangible items that cannot be detected through the senses, services are products that can be sold to customers. Businesses that provide services must have a system for producing those services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
83. D
Following an annual self-assessment and improvement process. Continuous improvement involves always moving forward to make improvements. An annual process guides an organization to steadily improve. While minimizing defects is important to quality, setting a minimum level does not mean continuous improvement, especially when that minimum is met. Likewise, selecting the best supplier is not a continuous process. Giving managers responsibility does not necessarily mean they will work to continually improve.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: ASQ. (n.d.). Continuous improvement. Retrieved November 21, 2011, from http://www.asq.org/learn-about-quality/continuous-improvement/overview/overview.html
84. B
Customers are more likely to be satisfied. The business will operate with fewer inconveniences and problems that will hurt good customer service. Maintenance costs are part of operating expenses and are not added to profits. Emergency repairs will be needed less often. Fixed costs, which are not affected by changes in sales volume, are likely to decrease as fewer repairs or replacements will be needed.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [p. 22 ]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
85. D
Tailored clothing. Extremes in clothing and in appearance have grown in recent years—everything from wild and clashing colors, loose and baggy clothing, to multiple body piercings and visible tattoos. Such extremes generally send negative messages that are harmful to your personal appearance and success in the workplace. Tailored clothing is not likely to be harmful to you or your image in the workplace, although less expensive, nontailored clothing is also appropriate.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
86. D
Time management. Time management is the process of controlling events in order to accomplish priorities. Effective time management helps employees become more productive no matter what their level of natural ability. Productivity is the amount of output from a set amount of resources. Accountability is the process of answering to a superior for the quality of work performed.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
87. C
Get along well with others. Understanding yourself helps you to understand others, which usually helps you get along well with them. When you understand why people think or act in a certain way, you can react in an appropriate fashion. Getting what you want from others or doing what they want you to do would be negative outcomes of self-understanding. Self-understanding can help you to become a mature individual, but it doesn't mean you can help others to do the same thing.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 4]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. B
Corporate/general management. Employees who have supervisory responsibility for part or all of the business work in corporate/general management. Careers in corporate/general management focus on planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating part or all of a business organization through the allocation and use of financial, human, and material resources. These employees do not work in business information technology, securities and investments, or merchandising. Business information technology employees help to align business and IT goals. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. Merchandising careers involve marketing activities that are focused on efficient and effective product planning, selection, and buying for resale.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
89. C
To show your continued interest. After every employment interview, you should send the interviewer a follow-up letter. The purpose of this letter is to thank interviewers for their time and to show that you are truly interested in obtaining the job. The follow-up letter serves as a reminder to interviewers and helps to keep your name in front of them. Your qualifications should be explained during the interview but may be highlighted in a follow-up letter. Applicants usually submit personal information with their résumé before an interview. The primary purpose of an interview follow-up letter is not to ask additional questions.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 144). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
Someone who works in financial services is limited to working at an investment firm, a bank, or an insurance company. The financial-services industry includes a wide range of career possibilities across many kinds of companies, not simply investment firms, banks, and insurance companies. People who work in financial services can expect to earn higher-than-average salaries. They include real estate brokers, fund managers, and auditors.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
91. C
Certified Financial Planner (CFP). Many jurisdictions require finance professionals to obtain certification or licensure to perform their jobs. Because Elise performs duties that involve financial planning, she is most likely to have certification as a Certified Financial Planner (CFP), which is a well-known certification program in the financial industry. Tax specialists obtain a CTS certification. Loan officers obtain a CLO certification. Businesspeople who work as technical investment analysts obtain a CMT certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: CFP Board. (n.d.). Steps to initial CFP® certification. Retrieved November 14, 2011 from http://www.cfp.net/become/Steps.asp
92. C
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). This professional designation is sought by financial analysts and is sponsored by the CFA Institute. Every candidate for the certification is required to complete three levels of study and exams. Certified Stock Broker is a fictitious designation. Certified Financial Planner and Chartered Financial Consultant are designations sought by financial planners and financial consultants.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. D
Social networking. Networking involves connecting with others who might help them accomplish their personal career and professional goals. By networking with others working in the same profession, finance professionals often learn about employment and continuing education opportunities as well as gain leads for prospective clients. Professional networking can occur under a variety of circumstances, while at work, during a professional association meeting, or in a social situation, such as the cookout that Tony attended. Tony and Melissa did not meet at a formal event, in an educational setting, or in a corporate environment.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Jacobsohn, J. (2009, May 12). Attend a variety of business events, expand your network. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://networking.networkingforprofessionals.com/blogs/2009/05/12/attend-a-variety-ofbusiness-events-expand-your-network/
94. C
Encouraging employees to report workplace misconduct. When employees exhibit unethical behavior, it places employers at risk. Risk might include financial losses related to theft, embezzlement, government fines, and lawsuits. To lower risk, businesses should implement procedures that encourage employees to report workplace misconduct. By providing a way to report misconduct to management, the business can take corrective action to prevent further unethical behavior. Businesses develop policies to maintain a fair environment. If employees can change policies at anytime, the risk of unethical activity increases. Some records, such as personnel files and customer financial data, are confidential, and should not be available for all employees to view. Using company resources (e.g., expensive equipment) can increase risk because untrained employees may break or misuse the equipment.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Ebersole, G. (2007, January 23). Ten most significant risks and costs of unethical behavior in business. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Ten-MostSignificant-Risks-and-Costs-of-Unethical-Behavior-in-Business&id=427722
95. B
The best form of risk management is adherence to business ethics. Every breach of business ethics represents a potential risk for businesses. The best thing businesses can do to overcome most risks is to do the right thing—practice business ethics. Risk management includes the ethical treatment of customers as well as a variety of other factors. Insurance is one way to overcome business risks; however, risk management is much more than insurance.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Lawrence, M. (n.d.). Business ethics as risk management. Retrieved November 14 2011, from http://www.allbusiness.com/finance/insurance-risk-management/577644-1.html
96. B
Conducting backup procedures. Backup procedures involve duplicating computer entries, records, and transactions on a regular basis and storing the duplicate files in a different location. By having backup files, the business can retrieve information that might be lost due to a computer crash, a power outage, or fire. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. An authorization process is a way to limit the access to certain information. Using encryption techniques, implementing an authorization process, and monitoring data-transmission rates are not ways in which a business can protect its computer data from loss due to fire or power outages.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Ward, S. (n.d.). Data backup is the best data protection. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://sbinfocanada.about.com/cs/management/a/databackup.htm
97. B
Controlling their risks. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may be sued or fined, which could result in substantial financial losses. A failure to comply with laws may also affect the business's credibility with its customers. If customers feel that the business behaves in a legally negligent manner, they may believe that the business is untrustworthy and may decide not to buy from the business. A business that effectively controls its risks is more likely to reduce its liabilities than increase them. A contract is a legal agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
98. C
A manufacturer inspects and maintains its equipment on a regular basis. Risk is the possibility of loss. Some business equipment is dangerous to operate, and can cause serious injury to workers if it is not periodically checked to ensure that it is working properly. If a worker is injured by faulty equipment, the business may experience financial losses, particularly if an injured worker files a lawsuit. Because risk affects a business's financial well-being, the business must take steps to minimize risk. One way for a business to control internal risk is by inspecting and maintaining its production equipment. Hiring illegal immigrants, allowing malpractice insurance to lapse, and selling a particular line of goods below cost are activities that increase a business's financial risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Buzzle.com. (2011). Importance of preventative maintenance. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.buzzle.com/articles/importance-of-preventive-maintenance.html
99. B
It determines the minimum reserve requirements in financial trading. Different measures can result in a lower or higher minimum reserve requirement which results in a lower or higher profit for the financial institution. Although it does not designate the audience that will receive the resulting financial reports, some financial measures should be used for internal purposes while other measures are more appropriate for external audiences. The number of clients to serve and the types of risks to be encountered are not aspects of selecting a risk measure.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Eling, M. & Tibiletti, L. (2008, August 20). Internal vs. external risk measures: How capital requirements differ in practice. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://web.econ.unito.it/tibiletti/docs/TCM-TCE%202008-08-20.pdf
100. C
Setting policy. Most businesses have established policies and set standards by which the business is governed. Setting policy is a function of management, which is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling activities in order to achieve goals or objectives. Serving customers, stocking shelves, and preparing ads are different kinds of work carried out by a company's employees under the direction of management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1071
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
Judicial system. The court system is an important aspect of government. For example, the U.S. government consists of three primary parts—the judicial, executive, and legislative branches. The judicial system (branch) is the court system. The courts interpret and apply the laws. The president and the presidential cabinet are part of the executive branch of the government. The presidential cabinet consists of experts who advise the.president about various issues. The legislative branch (i.e., the U.S. Congress) enacts the laws.
SOURCE: BL:068
SOURCE: Blackburn, J., & Klayman, E. (2005). The legal environment of business (7th ed.) [p. 63]. Boston: Pearson Custom Publishing.
2. D
Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Contract law recognizes contracts as voluntary promises that must be fulfilled. If Business A fails to honor its agreement to supply Business B with a good or service, Business A is in breach of contract. This is a situation that is covered by contract law, and Business B would be able to appeal to the legal system to enforce the contract. Trade law deals with transactions between nations. Antitrust laws deal with restraint of trade. Property law deals with real property.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 274]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Wesiern.
3. A
Group affinity. Group affinity fraud typically involves a scammer who either claims or actually is a member of the investor's group. In this case, the man is a member of the same health club and attends the same church as Alice. Because the scammer is a member of the same group, investors may falsely believe they can trust the scammer, especially if the scammer has lured in a few well-respected group members (like the minister or the gym manager) to buy into the scam early on. Natural resource investing fraud occurs when a scammer convinces investors to put money in fraudulent energy investments. Investors are tempted by the scammer's promise of a fast, easy return. Private placement offering fraud involves convincing investors to buy nonexistent stock from businesses. Life settlement fraud occurs when a scammer purchases a large life insurance policy from the insured for an unreasonably small amount of money. This usually occurs when the insured person needs money to pay necessities such as medicine and medical care before death.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: QS LAP 50—Play by the Rules
4. B
Luxury. Governments increase their revenues by charging taxes on non-essential, often very expensive goods and services, such as high-end automobiles, rare collectibles, and jewelry. This type of tax is called a luxury tax. An individual who receives a certain amount of money as a gift may be required to pay a gift tax. Property taxes are paid on buildings (e.g., homes) and land. A person who inherits some or all of a deceased person's assets pays an estate tax, which is based on the net value of the assets or estate.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2012). Luxury tax. Retrieved September 27, 2012, from http:/www.answers.com/topic/luxury-tax
5. D
Individuals’ defense of their departmental specialties. It is difficult to take an enterprise-wide approach to governance, risk management, and compliance when data are held by individual departments, and the departments fail to share information. A business's ability to stay within its risk tolerance level, its officials’ ability to attain trust, and its desire to eliminate the re-working of financial statements are benefits of government, risk management, and compliance.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Gracyalny, S. (2011, January 28). Integrated GRC: Understanding the benefits and beginning the journey to obtain them. Retrieved September 27, 2012, from http://www.corporatecomplianceinsights.com/integrated-grc-by-scott-gracyalny/
6. B
Symbolic. A virtual auditor uses several different reasoning techniques to evaluate financial activities. Symbolic reasoning looks for "signatures"—-clues—of noncompliance as well as patterns of events such as duplicate journal entries within one accounting period. Contextual reasoning involves determining the seriousness of the noncompliance incident identified by symbolic reasoning. Comparative reasoning identifies and compares similar transactions and information. it does not focus on identical transactions such as duplicate journal entries. Cross-source reasoning inspects transactions within multiple financial systems.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems. (n.d.). A Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program that saves cash: Link Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http:/www.oversightsystems.com/pdi/whitepapers/Compliance_to_Cash_060725.pdf
7. A
Applauding. When the audience applauds or claps, it is showing that it supports what the speaker is saying. Applause encourages the speaker to continue expressing his/her thoughts. Heckling or making fun of someone is an action that indicates disapproval. When people ignore the speaker, they are not actively listening to the speaker and not indicating their support. If a person tolerates another individual's opinion, s/he does not necessarily agree with an opinion, but supports the individual's right to express that opinion.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. A
Effective listening. Effective listening requires the listener to interpret and process information in order to capture the true meaning of what is being said. Reading and writing are forms of written communication. A person who listened in a distracted manner would be thinking about other things rather than focusing on the speaker's message. Nonverbal communication includes all forms of communication that do not involve the use of words, e.g., facial expressions, body posture, and eye contact.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 179-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hiill.
9. C
Giving honest responses. The three main reasons for active listening are gathering information, forming an opinion, and connecting with and helping people. A person receiving instructions, not providing them, would want to use active listening skills.
SOURCE: C0:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
10. D
 Conducting research about the company prior to the interview. From the research, Shawn can write a few questions that directly relate to the company or its industry. Even though additional questions may come up during the interview, it is always best to be prepared with relevant questions based on research. It is important that Shawn confirms that the questions are relevant by researching them himself instead of taking his friends' (or anyone else's) advice. Questions about the interviewer's personal life are not relevant to the job interview.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 65]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
11. B
To give good customer service. Customers who call businesses often become irritated if they are not connected to the correct person or office the first time. Being transferred several times in order to do business with the company may cause customers to hang up and not contact the business again. In some situations, it is necessary to put callers on hold before they can be connected to the appropriate individual or department. Demonstrating telephone skills and keeping the number of calls handled to a minimum are not valid reasons for connecting calls correctly.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-88]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. C
Be accurate. When you state a fact, it's important to be accurate. Make sure you can support your statement. Don't generalize. Stating a fact is not usually about thinking before you speak (as in stating an opinion) or about changing your mind (as in hearing a fact stated by another person).
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
13. C
Explain relationships. Graphic aids help to clarify, reinforce, and summarize information. Flow charts help explain relationships. For example, an organizational chart illustrates a business's chain of command. Flow charts may also show the ways in which sequential processes wark, such as project management. Line graphs are often used to illustrate timelines and to identify trends. Bar charts are effective graphic aids to compare and contrast data. Tables are often used to summarize complex numerical data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Young, D.J. (2006). Foundations of business communication: An integrative approach (pp. 506-509). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. B
Human relations problems. Workers who lack good communication skills have trouble making themselves understood and sharing information with others. This can cause problems among employees, especially those who work closely together. Job understanding might decrease if a supervisor has poor communication skills. Shared job responsibilities and efficiency in the work area are benefits of good communication among employees.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 277, 296). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. D
Consideration. Employees should treat others, whether they are customers, coworkers, or supervisors, with consideration. This means being helpful and respectful and not being prejudiced. Business image, work environment, and employees’ personal images are all reflected in the manner in which people are addressed. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another's place. Honesty and integrity refer to a person's truthfulness and ethics.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
16. A
Being patient, flexible and empathetic. So that businesspeople don't do something that will offend their clients, they should adapt their communication styles with clients from different cultures. To develop positive relationships with international clients, businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about their clients' cultures, customs, and social values. Adapting communication styles requires businesspeople to be patient, flexible, empathetic, respectful, confident (but not overly so), honest (transparent), and sensitive to their clients’ cultures and customs. Projecting biased, demanding, manipulative, or indifferent attitudes may offend the clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Buckler, C., & Moore, K. (n.d.). Module 3: Cross-cultural communication. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://pdfcast.org/pdf/module-3-cross-cultural-communication
17. C
Customer loyalty. Customer relationship management increases sales and profits by increasing customer loyalty. Over the long term, focusing on customers and establishing relationships with them increases a business's sales and profit. CRM does not increase prices, product quality, or competition.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
18. B
To provide appropriate financial guidance. Financial planners are responsible for helping their clients achieve their financial goals by providing sound advice and suggesting appropriate financial products— such as investments, insurance, saving and budgeting, etc. Although financial planning involves using financial tools to grow the client's wealth, the financial planner cannot guarantee that the client's investment will double in value or that the client will generate enough investment income to retire at a certain age. A financial planner will work to minimize a client's tax obligation rather than maximize it.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Diabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 259-260). New York: Giencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. B
Customer life. The basic steps of the customer life cycle involve attracting present and new customers, acquiring new customers, serving the customers, and retaining the customers. The accounting cycle begins when a sale is made and ends when the books are closed in accounting. Business cycles are the rise and fall in economic activity that businesses experience. Customer complaint cycle is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: CRMsolution.com. (n.d.). CRM software strategy:sample crm objectives. Retrieved September 27, 2012, from http://www.crmsolution.com/crm-strategy. html
20. B
Land, Land is limited in supply, we can't make any more of it, and it supplies us with many other valuable resources (oil, coal, gas, etc.). Air and water are presently in abundant supply in America. Money is a symbol of value, not a natural resource.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics)
21. B
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Credit allows customers to take possession of purchases and pay for them later. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
22. D
Marketing. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Marketing is an important business activity because it identifies what consumers want and plans how to promote and sell those goods and services to the consumers. Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling business activities to achieve objectives. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services wanted by consumers. Risk management is the business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures involved in limiting business losses—it optimizes the relationship of potential loss to gain.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19-—~Strictly Business (Business Activities)
23. B
Customer type. A banking institution is well-suited for a divisional organizational structure broken down by customer type—consumer and industrial customers, for example. The traditional functional structure may not be the best organizational design for a bank, nor would be a divisional structure broken down by product or process.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
24. B
Receive higher salaries. In a private enterprise system, an unequal distribution of income exists because workers with high levels of education, training, skills, and efficiency generally receive higher salaries than less qualified workers. Some people own a great deal of property while others own little or none because they do not have the money to buy it. Skilled workers may also pay higher taxes, belong to a union, or work longer hours, but those factors do not affect the distribution of property and income.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (Private Enterprise)
25. D
Competition. This rivalry can be direct or indirect. Direct competition occurs between businesses which sell similar goods or services, while indirect competition occurs between businesses which sell dissimilar products. Businesses tend to focus their competitive strategies on their direct competitors. Monopolistic describes the condition which exists when there is a lack of competition. Competing for customers is not unethical behavior. In fact, competition is encouraged in a private enterprise system. Production is the development or manufacture of new goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
26. B
Underemployed. The underemployed include workers who are working part-time when they want to work full-time, or who are overqualified for the job they currently have, but cannot find a job that matches their skills. The underemployed are not included in the unemployment rate because they are working. However, this category is an indication that there is a problem in the economy because there are not enough jobs for qualified workers. For example, a college graduate with a degree in marketing who is working part-time as a clerk in a retail store because s/he could not find an appropriate job is underemployed. The unemployment rate only includes those people who are out of work and actively seeking employment. The unemployment rate includes workers who have been terminated. These workers might be professionals or semiskilled.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: International Labour Organization. (n.d.). Underemployment. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://www. ilo.org/global/statistics-and-databases/statistics-overview-and-topics/underemployment/lang—en/index.htm
27. D
Aggregate demand, money supply, investment in capital goods, and inventory levels. Internal causes of business cycles take place within the economic system. Aggregate demand is the total demand for an economy's goods and services. The money supply is the total quantity of money that exists at one time in the country. Capital goods investment results in the production of new equipment, the construction of new business facilities, or the expansion of present facilities. Increasing inventory levels expands economic activities, while decreasing inventories causes economic contraction. Political changes, seasonal and climatic changes, discoveries and innovation, and international relations are external factors that cause business cycles. 
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Business Cycles)
28. A
Avoided. Situations that reduce one's self-esteem are usually distressing or painful. The idea is to determine how you can more effectively handle similar situations in the future so that you can avoid another lowering of self-esteem. No one would want to obtain, ensure, or create such situations.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Avoid situations that lower self-esteem. (2008, December 3). Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://edu.udym.com/avoid-situations-that-lower-self-esteem/
29. B
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. People with integrity know right from wrong, and they try to do what is right. Having good manners or good judgment would not depend on integrity. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 221). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. B
Constructive criticism should result in change. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. it is especially useful when it is offered to workers to enable them to improve their performance or behavior on the job and should result in change. Resenting constructive criticism is likely to create negative results. Using constructive criticism does not make a person aggressive.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear {t (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. C
Acquire foreign language skills. The workplace is becoming more global and multinational. In order to be successful, businesspeople need to develop their sensitivity to other cultures and traditions. One way that they can do this is to acquire foreign language skills. By learning something about the language of their customers or coworkers, they will develop an understanding of the foreign culture and become more sensitive to, and understanding of, the differences. Businesspeople do not develop cultural sensitivity by revising research techniques, maintaining current leadership styles, or preserving communication methods. In fact, businesspeople may need to revise their style of leadership and change the way they communicate in order to develop cultural sensitivity.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulioch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 197-201]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
32. A
Assess the negotiating session. Once both parties reach an agreement and establish terms, the negotiating session is complete. This is the stage when the negotiator assesses how the session went. When a negotiator reviews or evaluates his/her actions, s/he can make adjustments for the next negotiating session. Negotiators cannot change the other person's negotiating style after the session occurs. For optimal success, negotiators should know the other person's position and interests before the negotiation begins. Negotiators reach a compromise during the negotiation.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
33. B
Discuss why everyone should agree. In reaching a consensus by an informal method, three of the steps are to (1) Write down your ideas, (2) Revise your idea fist, and (3) Create a list of alternatives. Discussing why everyone should agree is not one of them, because not everyone has to agree. Coming toa consensus might be impossible.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard
34. A
Continuous improvement. Continuous improvement is a result of an achievement orientation. This may refer to products, procedures, ideas, or the work environment in general. Achievement orientation results in higher standards, not lower standards. Achievement orientation also results in moderate risk-taking. Having an achievement orientation does not mean you will automatically receive raises or promotions.
SOURCE: El:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
35. A
 Coaching. Coaching is enabling other people to reach their true potential by helping them to overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing so. Although coaching may involve some teaching, teaching is not its main focus. When you coach others, it isn't because they need knowledge; it's because they are having difficulty putting that knowledge into action. They need help to improve their performance. Cross training is a systematic approach for teaching employees how to perform other people's jobs. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution. Consensus building is a group's process of coming to agreement.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
36. D
Laissez-faire. The laissez-faire leader offers only general guidance and permits employees to use their own initiative. Democratic leaders seek input from employees and exert moderate control. Authoritarian leaders rely on their own judgment and prefer total control. Subordinate is not a term widely used to describe a leadership style.
SOURCE: E037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
37. C
Service credit. Service credit applies to utilities (gas, water, sewer, etc.) that have been consumed but not yet paid for. Revolving credit refers to an account with a credit limit that may be paid in full each month or partially paid with finance charges on the outstanding balance. A secured loan is credit backed by collateral. An unsecured loan is credit backed by a promissory note (promise to pay).
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FILAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit ls Due (Credit and Its Importance)
38. D
Saving money for unexpected situations. Financial goals are objectives measured in terms of money. Setting financial goals involves financial planning, which is the determination of how to achieve the financial goals. An important aspect of financial planning involves saving money for unexpected situations. Saving money for unexpected situations provides you with funds to pay your bills if you are unable to earn an income for some reason, such as job loss or illness. Obtaining and using several credit cards is problematic if you cannot pay the balances due in a timely manner. The level of investment risk depends on many factors including the individual's comfort level with risk, income level, and age. Financial goals should be specific rather than broad.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
39. D
Education. Education is a financial want rather than a financial need. Financial needs are the basics that are necessary for survival. Food, clothing, and shelter are necessary for survival, but education isn't.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
40. B
How long your money is invested. The most important factors to consider in compounding growth are how much money you invest, how much your investment grows each year, and how long your money is invested. Investing is using money to make money, which means that if you invest money in the stock market, for example, you are likely to make an average of 10 percent each year. As the years pass, your investment will grow tremendously because you will be earning interest on interest. So, it is beneficial to invest for as long as possible to earn the largest amount of compound interest as possible. How you earn the money that you invest, your educational background and career, and your mutual fund manager's education have a much smaller impact on compounding growth than time does.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
41. B
Subtract all applicable fees from. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank statement that details your checking-account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter transactions in your check register, you may overdraft your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When reconciling your check register, you want to make sure that you have subtracted all fees including debit card transactions and ATM withdrawals. You should add the interest earned if your account is set up to earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Diabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 159-160]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
42. B
Late fee. Credit-card issuers often charge late fees for payments that do not arrive on time. Some credit- card issuers charge application fees, which involves billing a customer for applying for credit. Processing fees are charges to complete certain activities. Over-limit fees are charges applied for credit transactions that go over or exceed the credit-card holder's credit limit.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Irby, L. (n.d.). The effects of late credit card payments. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from htto://credit.about.com/od/usingcreditcards/a/latecardpayment.htm
43. D
World Bank Group. The World Bank Group, which includes the World Bank as well as several other international organizations, is an international financial institution that provides financing and advice to impoverished countries to encourage economic development and eliminate poverty. The Small Business Administration is a U.S. government financial institution that provides financial assistance and advice to American small businesses. The Commonwealth of Nations and the Liberty Institute are not financial institutions. The Commonwealth of Nations is an international organization that promotes world peace, democracy, and free trade. The Liberty Institute is an international organization based in the country of Georgia that advocates civil liberties as well as public accountability and effective governance.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. Introduction fo finance course guide (pp. 5-20). Columbus, OH: Author.
44. D
Eurobonds. Eurobonds are bonds sold in a foreign country in the currency of the issuing company. Frankfort and Sons, for example, is an American firm, so its Eurobonds will be denominated in American dollars. However, these bonds will be sold overseas, not in the United States. Yankee bonds are issued in the U.S. by a foreign company and denominated in American dollars. Interbonds are fictitious. Savings bonds are issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. They are nontransferable securities that can be cashed prior to their maturity date.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Mayo, H.B. (2007). Basic finance: An introduction to financial institutions, investments, & management (9th ed.) [p. 262]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. A
One-stop shopping environment for consumers. Convergence, which is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors, and consolidation, which is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category, have created a one-stop shopping environment for consumers. Rather than having to go to different financial providers for different financial products and services, customers can find all of the financial products that they need—banking services, insurance policies, brokerage services, etc.—in one place, from one company. Rather than creating a highly compartmentalized finance industry, convergence and consolidation have created finance companies that want to be everything to everybody. Rather than specializing in any one service, many of today's financial firms offer a vast array of products and services. As financial firms merge and grow in size, it becomes more difficult for financial experts and the government to get an accurate picture of the firms’ current financial condition. As finance corporations expand their product offerings to encompass several financial sectors, it becomes increasingly difficult to determine which agency should oversee the companies. There is no single supervisory agency to regulate the entire finance industry.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, OH: Author.
46. B
Rise. Inflation is the rapid rise in prices. Different factors can affect the rate of inflation. One factor that affects the inflation rate is the value of the dollar in foreign exchange markets. If the value of the dollar decreases, inflation tends to increase. The value of the dollar in foreign market exchanges is also affected by many factors, which influence investors’ perceptions and confidence levels. Some factors include the nation’s political stability, various economic indicators (e.g., unemployment), and the nation's trade deficits and imbalances. Therefore, if the investors’ confidence decreases, foreign investment tends to decrease, which causes the value of the dollar to decrease. When the value of the dollar decreases in foreign markets, the inflation rate does not tend to fall slowly, fall rapidly, or stabilize.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Andrews, J.A. (2004). Forces that move stock prices. Retrieved September 27, 2012, from http://www.daytradersclub.net/forces-that-move-stock-prices/
47. D
Unstable stock markets in a transitional economy. Emerging markets are growing markets (e.g., stock, bond, commodities, etc.) that result when a country initiates reforms that move it from a closed economy to an open or market economy. Because the markets are new, they are untried and relatively unstable, which is a high risk for investors. However, these markets also have the potential to provide investors with high returns, as the country's business activity increases and its economy grows. Developing countries tend to experience gains in gross domestic product due to higher production and business activity, which is often facilitated by high foreign investment. The infrastructure of developing countries often improves when the government and investors provide the financial resources to support it.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (2009, August 11). What is an emerging market economy? Retrieved September 27, 2012, from hitp://;www.investopedia.com/articles/03/073003.asp#axzz27hK7NqXM
48. C
A listing of all the things that went wrong. A company's annual report is usually a glossy, four-color print piece in which the key management tries to shine the best possible light on what the company did that year and what the important achievements were. Management also may provide some ideas on where the company will go next. The annual report is not a place where management wanis to highlight all the things that went wrong.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
49. C
52-Week HI/LO. The highest and lowest prices paid during the past year can be used to learn how volatile a stock is. If the range between the lowest and highest prices is large, then the stock's price has risen or fallen sharply in the past year. Such a stock would be considered volatile. The stock's dividend, volume, and closing price are much less reliable indicators of a stock's volatility.
SOURCE: Fl:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37-—Table Talk
50. D
To make decisions. One reason why businesses gather information is to use that information for making decisions for the business. No business can be efficiently managed without information. Businesses depend heavily on advance information to help them make decisions about what may happen tomorrow. Gathering information will not help businesses to eliminate all risks but will help them to reduce risk. Businesses do not gather information specifically to test employees or to handle emergencies, although they may use information to make decisions about those issues.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Fi LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst...Expect the Best (Risk Management)
51. B
Assets. All the items that a business owns that nave value are its assets. Businesses applying for loans usually have their accounting department compute the total value of their assets to present to the lending institution as verification of their ability to repay the loan. Cash, inventory, and equipment are types of business assets whose value would be listed on a balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
52. A
Cash conversion cycle. Working capital is the cash available for the business to use in its day-to-day operations. The cash conversion cycle is a key component of managing working capital. It refers to how long a business's money is “tied up" between purchasing raw materials and receiving cash from sales. GAAP refers to the generally accepted accounting principles which provide a consistent framework for reporting financial data. The depreciation (reduction in value) of plant assets does not affect working capital. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing.
SOURCE: F354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
53. B
 It allows you to have a year-long budget in place at all times. One advantage to rolling budgets is that there is always a year-long budget in place. As each month goes by, another one is added. A rolling budget does not require less effort than an annual budget, but the effort is divided up throughout the year. Rolling budgets do not set an unchangeable annual budget. Indeed, they are often more flexible than a typical annual budget because they are assessed more frequently. Managers consult rolling budgets more frequently, not less.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
54. D
Inaccurate data. When companies fail to maintain and update their financial information, they have inaccurate data. Companies look at all types of financial data to make business decisions. When business decisions are based on inaccurate or incorrect information, it could be very costly to the company. Ineffective leadership may be one reason why data are inaccurate. Simplified processes and understandable feedback are positive results of well-managed financial information.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 341-343). Mason, OH: South- Western Cengage Learning.
55. B
Capital budgeting. A financial-information management system is a set of processes, people, and equipment used to gather, store, organize, and provide financial information to decision-makers. A financial manager might use a financial-information management system to make capital budgeting decisions. Capital budgeting involves developing a plan to acquire and finance long-term business assets. Financial managers would not use a financial-information management system to schedule employees. Although a financial-information management system might be useful when selecting vendors or adding/dropping products, those decisions would not be made by financial managers.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 341). South-Western Cengage Learning.
56. A
Meeting analysts’ estimated earnings. Managers are often pressured to ensure that analysts’ estimated earnings are reached. Managers should focus on use of accounting principles that provide the most accurate results rather than on providing the most desired results. Otherwise, they will be guilty of cooking the books to provide a more favorable financial report than actually exists. Postponing purchases, accelerating expense payments, and selling securities for a gain are ethical earnings- management practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Millstein, |. (2005, May 26). When earnings management becomes cooking the books. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.ft.com/cms/s/2/90ce4c50-cdd3-1 1d9-9a8a- 00000e2511c8,dwp_uuid=1d0ffS28-c86c-1 1d9-87c9-00000e2511¢8.html
57. D
ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning). Master data management is made up of processes and tools that define and manage non-transactional data entities. In other words, it collects, pulls together, matches, consolidates, and distributes data throughout an organization. ERP is an example of a system that's intended to integrate all data and processes into a unified system. A key ingredient of most ERP systems is the use of a unified database that stores data for the system. Accounting systems do not provide a source for master data management. Their focus is on collecting and storing financial data for the accounting department. SutiExpense is a mobile expense management application used to monitor, manage, and simplify travel and expense recordkeeping. Users are able to attach receipts "on the go" from their smart phones, enabling them to save both time and money.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: SutiSoft. (2012). Key features of SutiExpense. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.sutisoft.com/sutiexpense/keyfeatures.html
58. D
Categorized. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. Before a business can retrieve certain types of information, it must identify how the data are stored and categorized in the database. After identifying storage and categorization methods, the business decides which approach to use to obtain the information. After the information is obtained, the business views and analyzes it.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4" ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
59. B
Creating unlimited scenarios to depict the impact of decisions. When using budgeting applications, users can benefit by creating a variety of “what-if’ scenarios in order to develop the most realistic budget. Automatic deletion of files would be a disadvantage since the prior year's budget is used in developing the future budget. An audit trail should be maintained on all data entries rather than audits occurring at random. An effective budgeting application would set limits on how much over budget an account can go and flag the overage so that steps can be taken to handle the situation.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Tyler Technologies. (n.d.). Flexible budget forecasting tools. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.tylertech.com/solutions-products/infinite-visions-product-suite/performance- features/budget-forecasting
60. A
Most budgeting software can be used to measure the impact of different actions on the budget. Budgeting software, which is generally much more sophisticated than standard spreadsheet software, allows business owners and managers to study each item in a budget individually as well as together as a whole. Owners and managers can see the impact that different actions have on a business's budget, both before and after these actions take place. The software also allows them to pinpoint business units/products that are underperforming and helps them to determine suitable corrective action. Creating line-item projections using standard spreadsheet software can be extremely time-consuming, but budgeting applications shorten the process considerably. Spreadsheet software also makes it difficult to adapt to unexpected events and changing economic conditions, while budgeting software is much more nimble. Therefore, budgets prepared with budgeting-specific software are much easier and simpler to modify. While some budgeting software is appropriate for both business and personal use, many programs are designed to be used solely by a business or an individual, not both.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Golde, J. (2010, May 19). The importance of using budgeting and forecasting software for small business owners. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from hitp://ezinearticles.com/?The- importance-of-Using-Budgeting-and-Forecasting-Software-For-Small-Business- Owners&id=4326827
61. A
Financial analysis. Businesses often use financial analysis applications to quickly and easily examine their financial health. The software calculates and reports many different financial ratios, compares a business's financial performance to that of competitors and industry standards, and increases the finance department's productivity. Budgeting software allows business owners and managers to develop budgets, study each item in a budget individually and together as a whole, and measure the impact that different actions would have on the budget. Data mining software is often used to find relationships or patterns among a vast amount of company data. Data mining software is also used to analyze data; however, not all data mining software analyzes financial data. Field service software is typically used by businesses with sales and service teams who do most of their work outside the office. Professionals such as plumbers and home health care aides use field service software to report their hours, activities, clients, etc.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Thomson Reuters. (2012). Financial analysis CS: Features and benefits. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from htto://cs.thomsonreuters.com/financial-analysis/features.aspx
62. A
Relational. A relational database contains tables of separate, yet related, files or data organized in a computer system. Businesspeople can obtain various types of financial information from the relational database to compare with other information. Abstract, decisive, and ordinal are not types of databases that businesses use to compare financial data.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: HowStuffWorks.com. (1998-2012). What are relational databases? Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://computer.howstuffworks.com/question599.htm
63. A
Monetary fines. Businesses that do not provide accurate and timely financial information in the appropriate format to the government may be required to pay fines, which are costly to businesses. The government would not reward business delinquency by offering tax reductions, payroll exemptions, or subsidies (financial assistance).
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (2009, October 12). FINRA fines Citigroup for failing to supervise tax-related stock transactions. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://www.finra.org/Newsroom/NewsReleases/2009/P 120206
64. C
Vendor C. Sometimes, businesses experience temporary or short-term cash-flow problems when the anticipated inflow of cash falls short. When this type of situation occurs, the business needs to determine how to handle it. To do this, the business needs to carefully monitor its cash flow, so it can plan how and when it will pay its bills. XTY should pay Vendor C first because it is the oldest invoice that hasn't been paid. A business's credit rating can be negatively affected if the business does not pay its bills within a reasonable amount of time. Although Vendor 8's bill was due five days ago, ithe business is probably within its payment grace period with the vendor. The bills that are not yet due should be paid after the overdue bill is paid.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 72,77, 122). South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. C
Follow accounting standards such as GAAP or IFRS. Because businesses must use the financial accounting system to prepare financial information for external audiences (i.e., shareholders and government agencies), the information must be presented in a consistent way. The generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are currently used by most accountants in the U.S. to ensure that they prepare financial reports in a consistent manner. However, much of the rest of the world uses the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) to prepare and report financial information. Use of the financial accounting system is a government requirement rather than a way for the business to establish credibility. Businesses do not need to attach copies of all transaction receipts to reports or forms; however, receipts and documentation must be available for review if the government requests or requires it for an additional audit. Financial data registration guidelines is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Accountinginformationmanagement.com. (2012). Financial accounting vs. managerial accounting - difference between financial and managerial accounting. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.accountingformanagement.com/financial_accounting_vs_managerial_accounting. htm
66. B
It is the time period that is used as the basis for comparisons. The base year is the starting point for comparisons; therefore, each category on a financial statement in the base year is 100%. By subtracting the base year's amount from each future amount, and then dividing by the base year amount, you can determine the percent of increase or decrease from year to year. The other responses do not relate to the base year that is used in horizontal analysis.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [p. 568]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. D
The current balance that the customer owes to each of its existing suppliers. Businesses often analyze customer financial information to determine their customers’ creditworthiness. If a potential business customer applies for a loan or line of credit, the creditor is likely to review the customer's bank information, financial statements, and trade references. These trade references should come from three or four of the customer's existing suppliers who have already extended credit to the customer. Each trade reference should provide information such as the customer's credit line, high balance, current balance, and payment history. Reviewing this information will help the company to determine whether it wants to extend credit to the customer, too. The name of the customer's purchasing agent, each supplier's articles of incorporation, and a list of the items that the business typically purchases from each supplier are not usually needed when determining whether to extend credit to a potential customer.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: CreditGuru.com. (1999-2012). Trade references. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.creditguru.com/TradeRef. htm
68. C
Financial risks and deficiencies. By analyzing relevant financial data, management has determined that the company is facing a risky financial situation—it does not have enough cash available to pay its employees. As a result, the company plans to temporarily borrow capital to cover its expenses. Although the company would probably like to find ways to reduce expenses, identify possible investment opportunities, and determine ways to reduce the cost of credit, those were not reasons for reviewing financial data in this situation.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: South- Western Cengage Learning.
69. A
Variance. Business managers and owners often analyze their financial data to identify and attempt to explain differences between budgeted costs and actual costs or budgeted sales and actual sales. The difference or discrepancy between the budgeted and actual costs is called a variance. Break-even analysis involves identifying the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at various prices. A competitive analysis is the process of comparing a business's income statement with that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. A market analysis is a systematic study of potential customers.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2012). What is variance analysis? Retrieved August 17, 2012, from hitp://blog.accountingcoach.com/variance-analysis-standard-cost/
70. C
Human resources. The people who work to produce goods and services are known as human resources, and they are invaluable to a company. Capital, raw materials, and facilities are other resources that businesses use; they are all controlled by human resources.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35-—-People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
71. B
Product/Service management. This is a marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. This includes selecting products that help to promote a certain image for the business. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Channel management is the processes by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
72. A
Obtain employees' input. Because employees perform the work, they know what types of information they need to complete their tasks efficiently. Employees often have ideas about improving work processes and retrieving needed information. Upgrading the computer network, developing a production schedule, and revising business goals will not help businesses assess their information needs.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (n.d.). How to identify business IT needs. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/identify-business-needs-351 html
73. C
Usable, accurate, and retrievable. Companies use many sources of internal and external information to make decisions about their business activities. Effective information should be usable (applicable), accurate, and retrievable (accessible). Whether the information needs to be current, historical, organized, complete, simple, or complex depends on the type of information the company needs, and how the company intends to use the information. Making important business decisions based on superficial information could be costly to companies.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
74. B
Make an informed buying decision. The Internet has revolutionized the ways in which business is conducted. The Internet provides customers with the ability to obtain product information in a variety of ways—from business web sites, blogs, newsfeeds, and consumer information web sites. In the example, William is doing research to find out how other users like different smartphones before he makes a decision about the one that he wants to buy. William will likely visit various smartphone e-tailers to get product specifications and pricing before making his decision. Although phone plans are often a factor when making a mobile-phone purchasing decision, there is not enough information provided to determine whether phone plans will affect William's buying decision. William hasn't purchased his smartphone yet, so he can't reaffirm his recent purchase.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) {[pp. 7-9]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
75. B
Quotation marks. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. To narrow the scope of the information that the search query returns, Eli should place quotation marks around the specific phrase, such as “International Internet Marketing Association.” By using quotation marks, the search will return results with those words in the exact way the researcher enters them, which narrows the scope of the returned results. Asterisks, the number sign, and the equal sign are not keystroke options that will narrow online search results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). Google search basics. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://support.google.com/websearch/bin/answer. py?hl=en&answer=134479&topic=1221265 &cix=topic
76. B
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses are able to enter mathematical information into rows and columns, and the software provides accurate calculations in a matter of seconds. Database software programs maintain information according to specific criteria. Word-processing software programs are used to create text documents. Graphics software programs are used to combine text and pictures to create visual impact.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Home page. Most business web sites are designed using a hierarchical system. The home page is at the top of the hierarchy—it is the starting point from which all other pages on the web site are connected and accessed. Therefore, it is important that the new page be linked to the home page so web surfers can navigate to the new page using their personal computers. Pop-up ads are promotional messages that appear in a separate browser window. The new page does not need to be linked to a pop-up ad. A business may or may not include an online catalog on its web site. If the new page is related to the online catalog, it should be linked to the catalog, which should be linked to the home page in the navigation scheme.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (p. 193). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. B
Track income and expenses. Keeping reliable financial records helps businesses to track income and expenses. No record can prevent depreciation from occurring. Financial records do not facilitate retrieving records in a disaster, but they are some of the important records that will need to be preserved. Promotional records, not financial records, help businesses to time their promotions appropriately.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP i—Record It (Business Records)
79. C
Put away the ladder. Anything left on the selling floor is dangerous for both customers and store personnel. This includes boxes, hand trucks, or supplies. The other alternatives are activities that might occur after the ladder is replaced.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ea.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
80. A
Employees undercharging their friends. Point-of-sale fraud are attempis to cheat a business out of money at the time of purchase. Employees sometimes commit fraud at the point of sale which results in financial losses for the business. Employees who undercharge their friends when ringing up their purchase are committing point-of-sale fraud because they are selling items for less than the actual value. The business is losing part of the money it should have received for the sale. Customers who replace price tags are committing a type of fraud known as price-ticket switching. Vendors who take funds from a business's register are pilfering. Competitors who access a business's computer files are committing computer fraud.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 139-143). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
81. C
Scheduling. Project management is the process of planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of a project to achieve a specific goal. Scheduling is the process of developing plans that list the order of tasks that need to be performed and their completion dates. Schedules are tools that help project managers and team members organize their tasks, manage their time, and meet stated deadlines. Monitoring is periodically checking the progress of an activity or task. Evaluating is reviewing or examining the value or importance of something. Processing is carrying out a task.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6—Projected to Win (The Nature of Project Management)
82. B
Being organized. Being organized is often the key to a successful project. The manager must be able to take ideas and bring each piece together in an orderly way to achieve project goals. The manager assigns tasks, prepares schedules, and monitors the progress. Therefore, the manager needs to have the ability to stay organized and focused to keep the project on target. When managing projects, it is important to handle complaints rather than simply listen to them. Requirement modifications should be made only if necessary. Requiring reports is not the key to successfully managing a project. In fact, simple projects often do not require reports.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: McCue, T.J. (n.d.). 7 online project management tools to keep you organized. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://www.openforum.com/articles/7-online-project-management- tools-to-keep-you-organized
83. D
Order accuracy. Businesses evaluate their vendors’ strengths and weaknesses to determine if changes should be made. One factor that businesses evaluate is the accuracy of a vendor's orders. If the vendor consistently sends incorrect items, the business can work with the vendor to correct the problems, or it can decide to terminate the relationship with the vendor. Other considerations might include invoice accuracy, order lead-time, and delivery time. The business does not usually evaluate the vendor's business plan, invoice numbers, or accounting methods.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Monozka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) {pp. 308-310, 338]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
84. C
Operating costs. The costs of doing business, such as paying rent and utilities, are known as operating costs. Most businesses try to project what their operating costs will be to know how much money will be needed to run the business. Projected income is an estimate of the amount of money the business owner expects to earn. Inventory costs involve the amount of money a business owner must spend to purchase goods for resale. Sales revenue is income from sales.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (p. 767). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/MeGraw-Hill.
85. A
Merchandise will be easy for customers to find. If a retail store is neat and clean and the merchandise is well organized, it is easier for customers to shop the store. In addition, customers perceive the store and its merchandise in a more positive manner and are likely to become regular customers. Housekeeping skills are considered routine rather than valuable skills. Aisles should be kept clear and uncluttered, not used for storage.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2™ ed.) [pp. 88, 99-101]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
86. B
Being organized. Employees can make a personal effort to be organized. One of the benefits of being organized is that it saves time and reduces costs, thus improving efficiency. Working rapidly may lessen efficiency through careless errors. Following company policies and taking additional training do not guarantee increased efficiency.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. A
Supply stays the same. No matter what we do, we cannot expand the day beyond 24 hours. Since the supply of time is fixed, we have to use it efficiently.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP i—About Time (Time Management in Business)
88. B
Self-understanding. Self-understanding makes it much easier to identify and understand similar characteristics in others. Self-control is the ability to direct the course of your own behavior. Self-esteem is how you feel about yourself at any given time. Self-fulfillment is reaching one's fullest potential.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Ireland, O.F. (2011, January 22). Self understanding, the first step to understanding others. Retrieved August 11, 2012, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Self-Understanding,-The-First- Step-to-Understanding-Others&id=57 73872
89. C
The government. Public employment agencies are operated by either the state or the federal government. Businesses provide these agencies with information about their needs for workers, and the agencies pass the information on to job seekers who inquire. Some schools do help students to find jobs, but this service is not open to everyone. Private employment agencies charge a fee for their services. They may collect from both the employers/businesses seeking workers and the workers who find jobs through their services.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (p. 136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
Neatness. All resumés should be neatly prepared. Neat résumés make a good first impression on prospective employers who often form opinions of applicants based on their résumés. A neat résumé indicates that the person will be careful and thorough on the job. Also, employers are more likely to read neat résumés than those that are sloppy or contain errors. Résumés should not be creative but should contain exact information. Résumés should be brief rather than long. They should not be complex but easy to read and understand.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 122). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. D
Connect with others who might help them accomplish professional goals. People engage in networking activities by communicating with customers, friends, family, teachers, and former coworkers. Networking often provides people with information regarding work-related opportunities, such as job openings. Although networking is often used to develop a list of sales prospects and contacts, many people are not involved in selling activities in their occupation. Career-networking activities are primarily used to improve or enhance work-related situations rather than social standing. Obtaining letters of recommendations is often a result of networking activities. However, it is not always the primary reason why people network.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (pp. 138-140). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. C
 Rising concern about fraud and identity theft. One of the impacts of technology on the financial-services industry is rising concern about fraud and identity theft since so many financial products and services are now bought and sold online. Encryption technology helps guard against fraud and theft. Banks have fewer walk-in customers when they offer online banking. Blurred lines between the banking, insurance, and investment industries is the result of deregulation. Greater demand for investment professionals is the result of changing demographics.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. A
Pass the certification examination. Passing the exam verifies that the individual is qualified to be a financial planner. It is not necessary to join an association first. Recognizing the value of certification is something you might do before you seek certification. Solving financial problems is something you intend to do after certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. (n.d.) Steps to initial CFP certification. Retrieved August 17, 2012 from http://www.cfp.net/become/Steps.asp
94. C
Build business contacts. A professional organization is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. The primary focus of the professional organization is to expand professional knowledge and maintain high professional standards. Joining a professional organization helps financial planners network with others in the same field. Networking provides financial planners with information about employment opportunities and prospective client contacts. Financial planners do not join professional organizations to establish personal priorities, formulate business plans, or develop organizational charts.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Kearsley, S. (2008, August 20). Why join a professional organization—it pays to join a professional association. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http:/Apcaga.blogspot.com/2008/08/why-join-professional-assocaition.html
95. C
Networking. Networking involves connecting with individuals wno might help accomplish career and professional goals. By serving on trade association committees, co-authoring articles for publication, and treating business contacts to dinner or golf, Brynn creates situations in which she has the opportunity to get to know other professionals and possibly build relationships that will be beneficial for everyone involved. Cooperating with others shows a willingness to work together to resolve differences or achieve common goals. Although Brynn is cooperating with others while carrying out these activities, her ultimate goal is to build a network of business professionals who can help her to achieve her career goals. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a higher priced product than the one originally requested by the customer is suggested.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://www.ciremagazine.com/article.php?article_id=30
96. A
Product safety. Businesses risk financial losses and damaged reputations when they use lower-quality goods and materials. In the example, the manufacturer used low-quality parts that affected the performance and safety of the car engine. When car engines catch on fire and people are injured, the manufacturer may be legally required to pay damages to the injured parties. The risks in the example are not associated with domestic trade, service quality, nor trade secrets.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Kitzes, B. (n.d.). Product safety management. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://www.producisafety.com/
97. C
Withholding pertinent information from insurance underwriters. While withholding pertinent information from or misrepresenting information to insurance underwriters may help risk managers to obtain unfairly favorable premium rates from insurers in the short-term, doing so is highly unethical and likely to cause problems in the long-term, such as when the company attempts to renew the policy. However, securing fair, favorable premium rates from insurers through ethical, honest actions is acceptable. Companies are typically required to pay a share of the loss exposures pooled through insurance. Embezzling from the organization is unethical, but reporting that someone within the company is embezzling is good, ethical risk management.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G.L. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww. irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
98. B
Contingency plans. A contingency plan is an alternative course of action. A contingency plan states specific guidelines that a business uses when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses often use computer software programs to obtain numerical data about their levels of risk in different areas of the business. They use this information to make business decisions and to help them develop altenative action plans when circumstances occur that increase or decrease risk at a given time. Content theories are theories of motivation that focus on internal needs, drives, and incentives that cause people to behave in a certain manner. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. Governments develop monetary and fiscal regulations. Risk management software programs do not help businesses develop content theories, endorsement records, and fiscal policies.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Mcintosh, J. (2007, November 14). Plan for crisis at work: Risk assessment and contingency planning in business. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://strategic-business- planning.suite101 .com/article.cfim/plan_for_crisis_at_work
99. D
Liability. Risk retention groups are liability insurance companies owned by their members, who are typically businesses, professionals, and municipalities that are unable to acquire liability insurance from traditional insurance companies. Types of liability insurance that risk retention groups typically offer include errors and omissions, medical malpractice, directors and officers, product liability, professional liability, etc. Risk retention groups are not legally permitted to offer life, homeowners, or health insurance in most countries.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Captive Insurance Companies Association. (2011). What are risk retention groups? Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http://wwww.cicaworld.com/Resources/RiskRetentionFAQ.
100. D
Loss reduction. Loss reduction is a form of risk control. Risk control methods are used to reduce or minimize loss. Loss reduction lessens the impact of a loss after it occurs. For instance, although the automatic sprinklers won't prevent a fire from starting, they will lessen the impact that the fire has on the company's buildings. Companies utilize loss avoidance when they choose not to take part in risky activity. Loss prevention focuses on stopping certain losses from occurring. Companies transfer risk by purchasing insurance and entering into contracts that transfer the risk to others.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., Petty, J.W., & Palich, LE. (2006). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (13th ed.) [pp. 464-465}. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
Test 1078
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Accepted. Contracts are agreements between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Several elements must be present for a contract to be valid. First, one party must make an offer to do something, such as sell a product for a certain price and deliver it on a certain date. Then, the other party must accept that offer. A valid contract cannot be formed unless the offer is accepted. The offer may be made verbally or in writing. Express and implied are types of contracts that may be formed once the offer is accepted.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 217, 219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Regulatory. Governmental agencies often have regulations that businesses are required to follow. These regulations may affect how the business operates, how it deals with consumers, and how it reports income. As a result, the agency's relationship with businesses is primarily one of enforcing rules and regulations. Governmental agencies do not assist a business with promotional activities. Agencies are not legislative bodies, i.e., they do not enact laws. The agencies do not manage businesses.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 6-7]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. A
Pump and dump. Pump and dump is an investment scam that takes place mostly online. Scammers buy a small stock and then hype it up to other investors, causing its price to rise. When the price is high, the scammers sell their stock, leaving the victims to deal with the rapid price decline afterwards. A pyramid scheme is an illegal form of multi-level marketing in which emphasis is placed on collecting initial fees from as many people as possible. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate web site.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: QS LAP 50 Play By the Rules
4. D
Capital gains tax. A capital gain is the increase in an asset's value from the time that it is purchased to the time that it is sold. The federal government charges capital gains taxes on most capital gains. A luxury tax is a tax paid on nonessential (and, in many cases, expensive) goods. An excise tax is a tax placed on a specific good. Luxury and excise taxes can be used to discourage consumption of certain products or to raise some easy money on products that the government knows people will continue to purchase, regardless of the tax. Stock sales tax is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Perez, W. (2012). Capital gains tax rates. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://taxes.about.com/od/capitalgains/a/CapitalGainsTax_4.htm
5. C
Double. Double, or dual, taxation occurs when two different taxes are levied on the same income. Frank and Fitzer's earnings are subject to double taxation because the company pays taxes on its income, and its stockholders must pay taxes on any dividends that they receive from the company. If a government levies a proportional tax, everyone pays the same percentage of income in taxes. A progressive tax requires individuals with higher incomes to pay a higher percentage of income in taxes. A regressive tax requires individuals with lower incomes to pay a higher percentage of income in taxes. There is not enough information provided to determine if a proportional, progressive, or regressive tax system exists.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Investopedia Staff. (2012). Double taxation. Retrieved November 5, 2012, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/double_taxation.asp#axzz2BJf5dZF2
6. A
Conduct a compliance audit. Financial-services businesses must follow many government regulations. These regulations affect the way that businesses record and report financial data. To ensure that the business is following all of the regulations, the business should conduct a compliance audit. A comprehensive compliance audit can detect discrepancies and problems. For example, a compliance audit might indicate that updated compliance software will resolve or correct a noncompliance issue. Developing a business plan and monitoring sales performance are not actions that will ensure that the business is following government regulations.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Beaumier, C. (2007, September 3). How to audit compliance in the financial services industry. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.knowledgeleader.com/KnowledgeLeader/content.nsf/Web+Content/HIHowtoAudit ComplianceinFSI!OpenDocument
7. C
Detect compliance inconsistencies across different jurisdictions. Businesses use compliance software to aid them in detecting financial transaction problems. Because interstate and international commerce involves following different regulations in different locations, advanced compliance technologies can scan or audit the data to ensure their compliance with different jurisdictions' regulations and rules. The purpose of compliance software is not to evaluate a competitor's compliance, correct human-resource problems, or improve product quality and satisfaction levels.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: ComplianceEase. (n.d.). ComplianceAnalyzer: Automated compliance solutions. Retrieved November 8, 2012 from http://www.complianceease.com/mainsite/prod/prod_ca_overview.jsp?content=/opencms/CE Content/prod/prod_ca_overview_m.jsp&right=/opencms/CEContent/prod/r_critical_decision.j spn
8. A
A travel-expense account has a credit balance at the end of an accounting period rather than a debit balance. Temporal reasoning considers the timing of each transaction. A virtual auditor would use temporal reasoning at the end of each accounting period, for example, to identify accounts with irregular balances. Comparative reasoning is used to identify two financial transactions or records that are very similar but not exactly alike. Contextual reasoning examines the circumstances surrounding each transaction and compares the situation to those of the past to determine compliance issues. Contextual reasoning would question, for example, a new customer's order that is considerably larger than average orders of the past. Incremental reasoning tracks irregularities and potential compliance issues to detect any new questionable events that build on the past suspicious activity. Incremental reasoning could be used to detect an employee who temporarily changed a vendor file so that funds destined for the vendor would be diverted to the employee's personal checking account.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (n.d.). A Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program that saves cash: Link Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.oversightsystems.com/pdf/whitepapers/Compliance_to_Cash_060725.pdf
9. A
Eliminating distractions. When Ramona focuses all her attention on the teacher's directions instead of on the students whispering around her, she is eliminating distractions. Ideally, you should receive directions in an area free of activity or noise, but that's not always possible. So, whenever you receive directions, focus your attention on what the speaker is saying. This will make it easier for you to communicate and get the directions right. In this situation, Ramona is not acknowledging directions, reaching concensus, or recommending alternatives.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24 Simon Says
10. A
May not be remembered accurately. Listeners generally retain only about 25% of what they hear, and they frequently don't remember it accurately. It is, therefore, important to choose words used in oral communication carefully and to try to make sure that listeners receive the intended message. Oral communication is used for all kinds of messages, not just those that are urgent. Oral communication is considered less formal than written communication, but that is not the reason that it should be used with care.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 421-423 ]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Emphasize the relationship between events. Cause-and-effect order explains how one action or event causes another. The order that describes a problem and a plan for solving it is problem/solution order. The order that arranges material into related subcategories is topical order. The order that puts items in time sequence is chronological order.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9 Well Said!
12. D
Request appointments. Salespeople write letters of request or inquiry for a variety of reasons. One reason is to schedule appointments with customers who are in a different city. When planning a business trip, salespeople often write letters to set up appointments with customers in order to make sure that the customers will be available. An advantage of writing letters is that the customers usually acknowledge the appointment with another letter. Then, both parties have a hard copy to remind them of the date and time of the appointment. Letters of inquiry ask for something rather than explain requirements, transmit information, or develop goodwill.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 112-114]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. D
Informal. A short report that presents facts without analysis is considered an informal report. A formal report is more complex, has several different parts, and provides an analysis of the facts in the report. A feasibility report is a type of complex report that evaluates the viability of a course of action. There is not enough information provided to determine if the report contains sales data for the industry.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 402]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
An office memorandum. An office memorandum, or memo, is the most commonly used method of inhouse communication in many businesses. It may be handwritten, typed, or sent by e-mail. A letter of transmittal is a letter that accompanies a long report or proposal. An executive summary is an overview of a business plan or other complex report. It is inappropriate to write a personal letter to a supervisor.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 98]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. B
Make eye contact. Looking customers in the eye is one way of demonstrating a customer-service mindset. It shows that employees are focused on customers and their needs. Failing to make eye contact indicates indifference and could cause customers to believe employees don't care about them or their needs. Other ways of demonstrating a customer-service mindset include varying the tone of voice, rather than speaking in a monotone, and smiling at customers, rather than keeping a straight face. It is important to maintain good posture, although that doesn't mean employees should stand at attention.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 388]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
16. C
Track customer information. In the past, customer relationship management was used mainly as a way to track and organize information about customers so a business could identify its most valuable clients and tailor its marketing strategies to generate more revenue. Over the years, the meaning of CRM has expanded quite a bit. Today, it's also viewed as a way for employees to perform their jobs more efficiently and for businesses to increase one of their most important assets customer loyalty. In addition, it's an important tool for use in business decision making and product development.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
17. D
Explaining the benefits and drawbacks of different financial products. One responsibility that finance professionals have is to provide complete product information to clients. This means explaining the benefits as well as the drawbacks of different financial products so that clients can make educated decisions about what to do with their money. When finance professionals communicate openly, their clients are much more likely to trust them. And, when clients trust their finance professionals, they are more likely to become loyal and satisfied customers. Rather than using precise technical language and financial jargon, finance professionals can build more trust by talking to their clients in language that the clients understand. Rather than asking others in the organization to follow up after sales transactions, finance professionals can build trusting relationships with clients by following up with them themselves. Although some clients may only want to be contacted when problems arise, most clients prefer to stay in communication with their finance professionals on a more regular basis.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Brokerville Blog. (n.d.). How to retain accounts in a bear market. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://blog.brokerville.com/2008/08/01/how-to-retain-accounts-in-a-bear-market/
18. B
Ask her assistant to inform Mr. Williams that Tobi will return his call at 5:00 p.m. An important factor in retaining clients is returning their calls in a timely fashion. By personally responding to Mr. Williams' questions promptly instead of calling him back in the morning or having her assistant answer his questions, Tobi shows him that he is important to her. At the same time, though, Tobi needs to show the new clients that she respects them and their time. For that reason, Tobi should finish her meeting with them prior to speaking with Mr. Williams.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Brokerville Blog. (n.d.). How to retain accounts in a bear market. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://blog.brokerville.com/2008/08/01/how-to-retain-accounts-in-a-bear-market/
19. C
Data warehousing. Data warehousing involves combining data from a variety of internal and external sources into one large database. A business can access current and historic data from a data warehouse to identify and monitor customer buying behavior, trends, etc. Businesses use project management computer applications to track resources and activities for short- and long-term projects. Electronic data interchange systems transmit sales and ordering information among a business and its suppliers. Data acquired from an electronic data interchange can be stored in a data warehouse. Systematic laddering is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: White, D., Foster, N., & Wiesen, G. (2012, October 6). What is data warehousing? Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-data-warehousing.htm
20. B
A satisfaction gauge. Both utility and the marketing concept consider the consumer's point of view about a product. In the implementation of the marketing concept, utility functions as a gauge of the consumer's satisfaction. Utility is used as a measurement tool not as a payment method, a cost-saving tool, or a delivery process.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
21. C
Has a limited supply of resources. No country has enough resources to satisfy all of its people's unlimited wants and needs. As a result, choices must be made. One of the functions of an economic system is to make decisions about what can be produced, how much can be made, and who can obtain the products. People in all economic systems are interdependent and must depend on each other to obtain the things they need. Having immigrants from other countries is not a factor.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17 Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
22. D
Waste. To use resources wisely, business owners must reduce waste. Whatever is consumed or wasted during production takes away from potential profit. Risk, reward, and wages do not typically endanger a firm's resources.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Profit)
23. B
Employment. Consumer spending is an indication of the condition of the economy. When consumers have money to spend and are willing to spend it, the economy is stable and healthy. This also indicates that the level of employment is high because a lot of consumers are spending. When consumer spending begins to decrease, that is an indication that employment rates may be decreasing and fewer consumers have extra money to spend. Consumer spending does not measure competition, depreciation, or infrastructure.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [p. 147]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
24. B
Personal consumption expenditures. These purchases are usually divided into durable and nondurable goods and services. Gross private investment includes the value of all capital goods created in the economy during the year and inventories held by business firms from the current year's production. Exports are the goods and services sold to other nations. Imports are the goods and services which our country purchases from other nations.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
25. A
Language. The biggest communication issue for businesses engaging in international trade is language. It is difficult to do business while speaking two different languages, and it is also difficult when the same words have different meanings in different cultures. Corruption, power distance, and religion are not communication issues.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
26. C
Social awareness. Social awareness, self-awareness, self-management, and relationship management are the four primary areas of emotional intelligence. The aspect of emotional intelligence in which you know and understand the emotions of others is called social awareness. Being socially aware involves the ability to "step into another person's shoes" (expressing empathy) and being willing to help or serve others. It also involves the ability to see the bigger picture, which is organizational awareness. Selfawareness refers to knowing your own emotions. Self-management is the ability to manage your own emotions. Relationship management is the ability to manage the emotions of others.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. A
Have positive thoughts. Individuals who are self-confident have a positive attitude. This also means that they have positive thoughts and believe they have the ability to be successful. They do not doubt themselves or apologize for expressing their opinions. Confident people feel sure of themselves and are not negative. Individuals who are self-confident do not think they are always right, act aggressively towards others, or prefer to be in charge.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. A
I can do it! I can do it! is an example of positive self-talk. Positive self-talk is a form of positive thinking in which you focus on your abilities and successes. The other phrases are negative and could not be examples of positive self-talk.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt For Optimism (Positive Attitude)
29. D
Assertive. Assertive people stand up for their own rights as well as the rights of others. Passive behavior is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals. Offensive behavior is unpleasant or displeasing actions.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
30. A
Being irritated when dealing with customers. Interaction with customers is a major cause of stress in the workplace. Customers are not always polite and understanding. Sometimes they are demanding, unrealistic, and angry. Employees who are not experiencing a lot of stress usually are able to handle these types of situations with customers and resolve the problem. However, when employees are under a lot of stress, they often feel annoyed and irritated when dealing with customers even those customers who are behaving appropriately. Routinely feeling this way is an indication that an employee is stressed, in which case management should take steps to help the employee reduce the level of stress. Concentrating on doing the job correctly, drinking one or two cups of coffee a day, and having occasional conversations with coworkers are not indications that employees are under a lot of stress.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 220). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. C
Is open to learning. The main provision of executive coaching is that the client is open to learning. Without an open attitude, it won't matter whether the client meets with the coach in person or over the phone or on a weekly or even daily basis. And, without an open attitude, the client may not succeed in improving job performance.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7 Bring Out the Best
32. C
Effective. This involves understanding other people and skillfully relating to them. It means appreciating other people and treating them with courtesy, respect, and consideration. Such relationships are generally pleasant and mutually rewarding. People who don't get along well are practicing ineffective or questionable human relations skills.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
33. D
Money. Money is the most common medium of exchange. Countries use different forms of currency. For example, the Japanese use the yen, Mexico uses the peso, many European countries use the euro, and the United States and Canada use the dollar. A bond is a lending security, and stock is an ownership security.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Phelps, C. (1999-2012). Types of foreign currency. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/about_5349743_types-foreign-currency.html
34. C
Secured. A secured loan is a loan in which the borrower pledges to the lender some valuable possession as security, or collateral, to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Items often used as collateral include real estate, stocks, bonds, machinery, and the cash value of life insurance. An unsecured loan, also known as a signature loan, is an amount of money borrowed by an individual or a business simply by signing a promissory note to repay the loan. No collateral is required for this loan. Both secured and unsecured loans are considered notes.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
35. A
Cash flow. When businesses save excess money, they have more cash available to cover unexpected expenses or to invest. Saving money has a positive effect on a business's cash flow which determines the amount of cash the business has to work with at any given time. The more money that is saved, the more cash is available. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. Accounts receivable are all monies owed to a firm by its customers. Debt is the amount of money a business owes while equity is net worth.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 77). South-Western Cengage Learning.
36. B
Earning interest upon interest. Compounding can best be described as earning interest upon interest. There is no way to avoid inflation; one can only plan to overcome the effects of inflation with careful saving and investing. The compounding growth of the stock market is an excellent way to meet financial needs and goals, but meeting financial needs is not a description of compounding. Although there are risks in the stock market, risking the stock market does not describe compounding.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30 Supersize Your Money
37. B
Verify that the credit agencies have correct information. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals or businesses can purchase now and pay later. A credit agency is a business that maintains files of credit information on individuals and businesses. It is important to make sure that credit agencies have accurate information about your credit history because other businesses purchase the reports to make decisions about extending credit to you or providing a loan to you. Although people can provide information to improve their credit ratings, it is the credit agencies that change or update the information. Good credit reports can increase the chances of obtaining a bank loan, but reviewing the reports cannot ensure that people obtain bank loans. People who monitor their credit reports can reduce the risk of identity theft, but cannot eliminate the risk.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (n.d.). Your credit report: What it says about you. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.frbsf.org/publications/consumer/creditreport.html
38. D
Investment bank. Investment banks locate outside sources of money for firms. In most cases, investment banks help these businesses to raise funds by issuing securities in the form of stocks or bonds. An investment company pools investors' funds and invests those funds based on the needs of the investors. Investment companies are also often referred to as mutual funds. Like mutual funds, pension funds pool investors' contributions. However, investors in a particular pension fund are typically employed by one employer. A securities exchange creates investment opportunities for investors and access to funds for businesses. Investment banks help businesses to issue and sell their securities on a securities exchange.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (p. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
39. A
To trade currency. There are many types of currencies in the world the yen (Japan), the U.S. dollar (United States), the Euro (European Union), the Peso (Mexico), etc. Each currency's value fluctuates. The foreign exchange market trades one currency for another currency, and determines each currency's conversion rate into other currencies. Stock exchanges buy and sell stocks. The bond market buys and sells bonds or debt securities. Insurance companies underwrite insurance policies.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 56, 388). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
40. C
Desire for illiquid assets. Liquid assets are financial assets such as stocks that can easily be converted into cash. Illiquid assets, therefore, are assets that cannot be easily converted into cash or sold without a significant drop in their value. Subprime mortgage assets, for example, became illiquid assets during the recent financial crisis. Financial firms don't merge because they want illiquid assets that are worth very little. Instead, financial convergence and consolidation may be driven by financial companies' desire to acquire more liquid capital. Technological advances, financial deregulation, and a desire for lower costs have also contributed to financial convergence and consolidation.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
41. B
Healthcare. Healthcare, food, drink, and tobacco are generally considered to be non-cyclical industries, meaning that they are not greatly impacted by changes in the business cycle. The demand for such products and their stocks remains fairly steady regardless of the stage of the business cycle. Stocks in industry sectors such as energy, technology, and capital goods, on the other hand, often change in response to changes in the business cycle. The energy sector is affected by supply and demand of energy around the world, and political unrest can impact the industry considerably. Energy stocks seem to perform best late in the business cycle. Technology stocks are also affected by the business cycle, often in direct relation to the demand for capital goods. Technology stocks and capital goods stocks do well during business cycle expansion.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Investors Hub. (2008, October 5). Business cycle and stock performance. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://investorshub.advfn.com/boards/read_msg.aspx?message_id=32660842
42. B
Leading. Stock market returns are considered to be a leading economic indicator because the stock market typically changes before the economy does. If the stock market declines, the economy is likely to decline as well. In turn, stock market returns start to rise before the economy improves. Lagging economic indicators change several months after the economy begins to improve or worsen. Coincident economic indicators move at the same time as the economy. Acyclic economic indicators have no relation to the economy.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2012). A beginner's guide to economic indicators. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://economics.about.com/cs/businesscycles/a/economic_ind.htm
43. A
Herd behavior among investors. Although financial globalization tends to increase investors' access to many different financial markets, financial globalization also seems to increase the risks of speculative bubbles and herd behavior among investors. Herd behavior involves individuals who act together as a group without any planned direction. It is usually irrational and driven by emotions. In good times, investors hurry to join others in a buying frenzy. But, in bad financial times, fearful investors join others in a rush to get out of risky markets. By diversifying their funds in many different countries, investors are able to diversify their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. To enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, many countries have lowered their taxes on international financial transactions.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
44. A
Derivatives. Derivatives are financial instruments whose value depends upon the value of other financial instruments or market indices. Investors frequently use derivatives to hedge or reduce the risk of investing in the foreign exchange market, which is sometimes volatile. The derivatives help to reduce the impact of significant fluctuations in foreign exchange markets. Emerging markets are financial markets in countries with developing economies. Emerging markets are usually receptive to foreign investment, but they are also more volatile and risky than financial markets in developed countries. Venture capital is invested money that is used for new business opportunities. No-load mutual funds have no up-front sales charges.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-157). Columbus, OH: Author.
45. D
Commercial bank. A commercial bank provides a variety of financial services to individuals and businesses. Besides providing savings accounts and other savings options, banks also make loans and offer credit cards. Many large banks have trust departments and help individuals plan for retirement. Depending on the size of the bank, it may be possible to obtain all necessary financial services from that institution. The stock market itself does not provide financial services. A taxation department collects various types of taxes. A retirement community provides housing rather than financial services.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 124-129). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
46. C
Stockbroker. Securities refer to the legal owning or lending agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments. Securities include investments such as stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. A stockbroker is a licensed person who has the authority and expertise to buy and sell securities on behalf of a client. Unless they are stockbrokers, trusted friends, colleagues, and loan officers may not be the most reliable sources of securities information.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 294-295). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. A
6.4. Newspapers and web sites publish stock tables so that investors and potential investors can monitor the performance of a company's stock. One column of the table shows the stock's yield percentage (also, rate of return and dividend yield), which is the annual dividend divided by the current stock price. Therefore, Kelly's stock yield is 6.4 percent. ($1.80 ÷ $28.20 = .0638 or 6.4 percent).
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37 Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
48. D
Over a period of time. Watching numbers over a period of time is a good idea because investors can get a sense of what is normal for a stock price. Looking at the numbers once a year, on a given day, or when dividends are paid does not give you enough time to obtain this kind of information.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37 Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
49. D
-$375. Cash flow is calculated by subtracting total cash paid out from total cash receipts. Total cash receipts include cash sales and interest income ($5,300 + $200 = $5,500). Total cash paid out includes cost of goods, fixed expenses, and variable expenses ($1,750 + $2,150 + $1,975 = $5,875). Subtract total cash paid out from total cash receipts to determine cash flow ($5,500 - $5,875 = $-375).
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6 Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
50. C
Capital budgeting. Determining which projects a business should invest in is known as capital budgeting. It is one of the capital investment decisions. Return on capital is a component of working capital management that refers to how well a business is generating cash flow in relation to its invested capital. The cash conversion cycle is a component of working capital management that refers to how long a business's money is "tied up" between purchasing raw materials and receiving cash from sales. Capital structuring refers to determining the optimal mix of financing it is also one of the capital investment decisions.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
51. B
Economic trends. Budgets should be flexible because they are estimates. Many factors can affect budget outcomes; therefore, businesses might need to adjust their budget figures. Economic trends are factors that might cause a business to adjust its budget. The way the economy is moving, either expanding or contracting, will affect a business's ability to meet its budget expectations. Local elections do not affect a business's budget. Sales procedures are the step-by-step processes that sales personnel follow in order to sell. Operating policies are general rules established by the business.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3 Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
52. A
Make appropriate business decisions. Businesses track a variety of accounting and financial data. The data are presented as information to businesspeople to evaluate and to make business decisions. To make sound business decisions, the financial data must be accurate, current, and relevant. Making a decision based on incorrect or outdated data could be very costly to a business. Businesses use projectmanagement software to track projects. Businesses implement effective financial-information management processes to be in compliance with government regulations. Businesses evaluate, rather than revise, economic indicators.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 341-342). South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. A
Use auditing software applications. Auditing software tracks and records each step of all financial transactions. By keeping records of each step of a financial transaction, the business reduces the risks associated with embezzlement and other unethical and illegal activities within the business. If problems with financial data are detected, independent forensic accountants may be brought into the business to evaluate the inconsistencies. Businesses do not want to limit their financial transactions because some of them involve sales, which increase the businesses profitability.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: wiseGEEK. (2003-2012). What is an audit trail? Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-audit-trail.htm
54. D
Steward. Financial-information management's stewardship function involves protecting financial data from tampering, loss, unauthorized access, and unauthorized use. While a financial-information management professional's job responsibilities might include interpreting or analyzing financial data, those are not the functions that s/he is carrying out when protecting the financial information. An agent is an intermediary who assists in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but does not take title to them.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Bloomfield, R. (2009, October 28). Stewardship, financial reporting, and investment. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.fasri.net/index.php/2009/10/stewardshipfinancial-reporting-and-investment/
55. A
They can obtain faster responses to queries. Since data are housed in one location, querying the data is faster, thereby improving organizational efficiency. Having a central depository ensures that data from different applications are combined into one common storage area which increases the speed with which queries can be run. Using a central repository for financial information enables businesses to achieve economies of scale rather than overcoming them. They also have access to more consistent, up-to-date information rather than relying on old data.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: InterSystems. (1996-2012). Caché and data management in the financial services industry. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.intersystems.com/cache/whitepapers/datamanagement_wp.html
56. C
Share information. Financial information must be available to the people who need it, when they need it. Often, several employees need to be able to access the financial data at the same time. Businesses that organize and store their financial data in central databases and provide the ability for multiple, qualified users to access the data are supporting an environment of information sharing and collaboration. The primary purpose for storing and retrieving internal financial data is to monitor and evaluate internal business activities rather than monitor competitors' activities. Measures to secure the database reduce the risk of unauthorized access to the business's financial data. Businesses can often develop contracts without financial data that are retrieved from a database.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. A
Exploration. The exploration stage of data mining generally starts with preparation of the data. This includes such activities as data cleaning, data transformation, selecting subsets of records for analysis, selecting the variables of interest, and choosing the analytic method to apply. The second phase of the data-mining process is model building and validation in which various models appropriate for the study are identified, and the best one is selected. Deployment is use of the selected model. Prediction is not a stage in the data-mining process; however, data miners want to make predictions from their data-mining activities.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: StatSoft.com. (2012). Electronic statistics textbook. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.statsoft.com/textbook/
58. A
Decision tree. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information. To begin the data-mining process, the business must first define the research question. Then, the business must identify the types of data available and how they are stored in the database. After identifying this information, the business decides which approach to use to mine the data. A decision tree is an approach in which the data are categorized or segmented into meaningful, related groups based on certain characteristics that are defined by the set of rules (criteria) that the business establishes. Using the tree analogy, the trunk represents all of the data, each branch contains certain characteristics, and each leaf contains subcategories of related branch characteristics. The rule induction approach involves the use of "if then " rules or scenarios to mine or obtain data. The neural networking approach uses computer applications that mimic the ways in which the human brain processes data, which often involve sequencing data patterns. The fuzzy logic approach uses broad or vague concepts to set rules, such as "high" or "low."
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
59. C
Show the business's cash-flow status. Budgeting applications enable businesses to maintain, monitor, and forecast a business's financial status and generate financial reports that can be shared with a business's decision makers. Expenses, revenue, cash flow, profit/loss, etc., are easily tracked and determined using budgeting applications. Equipment needing repairs, new services to offer customers, and EDI needs are not captured and predicted by budgeting applications.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage. (n.d.). Business budgeting and forecasting software. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://centage.com/products-budgetmaestro-budgeting.htm
60. B
By comparing employee phone numbers and addresses to vendor information for payables. A conflict of interest is any relationship that is, or appears to be, not in the business's best interest. It would prevent someone from performing her/his duties and responsibilities objectively. To spot probable conflicts of interest, businesses can use their financial analysis applications to cross check employee data with that of vendors. The other examples can be used to analyze financial data for other purposes.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Audimation Services. (2008-2012). Top 10 areas where data analysis is adding the most value. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.audimation.com/articles/top-10-areaswhere-data-analysis-is-adding-the-most-value.html
61. C
Person's individual account number. Databases depend upon keys to store, sort and compare records. A primary key is the unique identifier assigned to a record in a table. When choosing a primary key, database builders need to be sure that the identifier will be unique to an individual. The person's account number would be unique to the individual. Most customers consider their social security numbers to be private information that they do not want entered into databases. In addition, the government can reassign social security numbers upon the death of the owner of a social security number. In addition, some people do not have those numbers if they are not U.S. citizens. Zip codes are not unique to an individual or to a location. A person's first and last names may not be unique, e.g., there may be many John Smiths.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2012). Choosing a primary key. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/primarykey.htm
62. B
An inner join returns only the rows of data that satisfy the join condition. A join is a type of database query that combines rows from multiple tables. There are many different types of joins, and each one returns different results. For instance, an inner join (also known as a simple join) returns only the rows of data that satisfy the join condition. Outer joins, on the other hand, return the rows of data that satisfy the join condition, along with additional rows from one table that cannot be joined with any rows in the other table. A self join joins a table to itself. An equijoin combines rows that have equivalent values for specified columns, while a non-equijoin returns results from multiple tables where no exact joins are possible.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Oracle DBA Online. (n.d.). Join queries. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.oracle-dba-online.com/sql/join_queries.htm
63. A
Useful information to investors. Investors often rely on the financial information that businesses provide when making decisions about investing in a business. Therefore, a business should accurately report its financial position so investors will be able to make decisions based on correct information. If a business misrepresents its financial position, investors may lose money because the business is not as profitable as they were led to believe. Misrepresenting financial information on purpose also is a violation of several government rules and regulations. Businesses do not accurately report their financial position to provide summaries of economic indicators, industry forecasts to the media, or price quotations on securities.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 113-114). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. D
Take steps to obtain or save cash to cover her expenses. Sometimes, businesses experience temporary or short-term cash-flow problems. This can happen when the anticipated inflow of cash falls short and expenses remain the same or when cash flow remains the same and expenses increase. And, if this situation happens, the business needs to determine how to handle it. The business may choose to take out a short-term loan, ask vendors for payment extensions, or postpone certain purchases. If the cashflow problem is relatively small and short-term, it is unlikely that Kendra would need to cut staff. Analyzing the depreciation rates of assets and calculating cash dividends will not resolve Kendra's short-term cashflow problems. Insufficient information is provided to determine if Kendra's company is a corporation, which is owned by stockholders.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
65. A
Accrual. The accrual accounting system records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time. Most businesses use this method because it reflects the business's current financial position based on what has been earned and expenses that have been incurred. For example, the business records a sale when it is made even though the business will not be paid until a later date. The cash accounting method records income and expenditures at the time the money changes hands.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [p. A-26]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. B
The managerial accounting system is useful for planning and internal decision making. Businesses use managerial accounting systems for internal use. These systems help managers plan, control resources, and make decisions for various segments of the company. For example, the managerial accounting system often involves obtaining financial information to determine if the business should order more goods for inventory or if it should hire additional production workers. The government requires businesses to use the financial accounting system to report their financial positions to external users. The financial accounting system involves reporting financial information in certain ways by applying the generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The government does not require businesses to use managerial accounting systems, so the ways in which managerial accounting systems obtain and use information are flexible.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Accountinginformationmanagement.com. (2012). Difference between financial and managerial accounting—. Financial accounting vs. managerial accounting. Retrieved October 8, 2010, from http://www.accountingformanagement.com/financial_accounting_vs_managerial_accounting. htm
67. D
Sales transactions. A trend is the direction in which something is moving. By continuously monitoring internal financial information, a business can identify trends, such as changes in the business's sales. One way that a business can monitor sales transactions is by analyzing invoices and sales receipts (e.g., credit card, cash). By comparing sales-transaction dollar amounts over a period of time, the business can determine if sales are increasing, decreasing, or remaining the same. If sales are decreasing, then demand for the products are decreasing. After the business determines that sales are decreasing, it needs to determine why, so it can take corrective action. Accounts-payable records, expense reports, and promotional budgets do not provide the type of financial information that would indicate a decrease in demand for the business's products.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 83). South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. D
Offer credit to the prospective customer. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Before offering credit options to a prospective customer, the business should review the customer's borrowing and repayment history by obtaining a credit report. The credit report, which is generated by a credit-rating agency, indicates the prospect's borrowing and repayment history and provides a credit rating. The credit rating indicates the extent to which the business or individual pays its debts in a timely manner. The government, rather than businesses, sets the prime lending (interest) rate and establishes sales-tax rates. Various jurisdictions have laws that require businesses to collect sales tax from customers on certain purchases.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 267-268). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
69. D
Qualified loan cosigner. Businesses and financial institutions consider many factors before extending credit or providing a loan to prospective customers. These factors include the customer's credit history and credit score, liquid assets, debt ratio, current income, and employment status. Because Francesca does not have much credit history to evaluate, the dealership is more likely to ask Francesca to get a cosigner for the loan. The cosigner agrees to cover the debt if Francesca defaults on the loan. Often, guardians, parents, or grandparents will agree to cosign for loans. Cosigners must meet certain criteria to qualify as a cosigner. Lenders can obtain credit reports from credit bureaus the loan applicant does not need to provide the report. Francesca does not control when her employer increases her pay, so this option is not a consideration. Lenders do not request letters of intent from prospective customers.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). How to get a personal loan with a cosigner. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2076665_get-personal-loan-cosigner.html
70. A
Verify that the information is correct. Businesspeople analyze and review financial information for many reasons. In Mason's situation, the purpose of reviewing the documents is to ensure that all the information is provided and that it is correct. Because the example does not specify the type of financial documents that Mason is reviewing, it is not possible to know if the documents contain loan or forecasting information, or if they identify business's financial resources.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
71. A
The first day on the job. Orientation is an introductory program for new employees in which they are given basic information about the company and its policies. Orientation should take place as soon as possible after hiring so that employees know enough about the company to feel comfortable and to get off to a good start. It would be ineffective to provide orientation monthly or only at the convenience of management or the employees.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (n.d.). New employee orientation. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://humanresources.about.com/od/glossaryn/g/orientation.htm
72. B
Personal selling. Businesses can communicate with their target markets through personal selling. Budgeting, inventory, and operating procedures are not ways that businesses communicate with their target markets.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2 Act Now (Employee Actions)
73. B
Information management. This is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision making. Businesses need a lot of information to operate successfully and make decisions that will help the business grow and prosper. Managing the information allows businesses to obtain the data they need to remain competitive and survive. Communications network, organizational development, and applied research do not involve obtaining and evaluating data for the purpose of helping businesses make longterm decisions.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
74. B
Intellectual property laws. Intellectual property is assets resulting from thinking processes. Written and artistic works, symbols (e.g., logos), words, trade secrets, and inventions are types of intellectual property that can be legally protected from the unauthorized use of others. In most countries, intellectual property protection is legislated by the national (federal) level of government rather than the local level of government. By registering its logo with the government, a business's logo has trademark protection. If another company uses the logo without the owner's permission, then the logo's owner can file a lawsuit against the company to stop the unauthorized use. And in some situations, the owner can obtain monetary damages from the unauthorized user. Trade secrets are types of knowledge that can be used to obtain an economic advantage. Formulas, recipes, and customer lists are examples of knowledge covered under trade-secret laws. Individuals and businesses obtain patent protection for their inventions.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 709-710]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
75. D
Presentation. Presentation software programs allow businesspeople to create computer-generated presentations that may include graphics, transparencies, slides, text, sound, video, or animation. The advantage of using presentation software is that it enables businesses to develop colorful, eye-catching presentations that display information in an interesting manner. Application, operating, and publishing software programs do not combine graphics, transparencies, slides, and text for an on-screen display of information.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 202-203). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
No longer needed. If a record isn't used for a long period of time and is no longer necessary, it is often destroyed. Businesses usually are unable to keep every record and systematically review and destroy those that are not vital to the operation. The fact that the record is no longer needed determines if it is destroyed, not its age or storage location. Many records are not required by law, but businesses keep them as long as they are needed.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
77. B
Posting web sites. Trends are the general direction in which people and events are moving. A trend that is occurring because of the Internet is the development of more web sites by existing brick-and-mortar businesses. By building web sites, these existing businesses have another way to provide information, promote products, and increase sales at any time of the day, any day of the week. Internet technology is not necessary to photograph products, print advertisements, or copy contracts.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business: Library edition (9th ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
78. B
Analysis. Environmental scanning is sometimes called environmental analysis or environmental monitoring. This is because the process includes the activities of gathering information (monitoring) and determining its future impact (analyzing). Environmental protection refers to the earth's environment. Businesses can neither manage nor plan the environment it is beyond their control. They can only control internal resources to respond to environmental changes appropriately.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
79. C
Lost income. Accidents are costly to both employers and employees. One way that accidents are costly to employees involves missing work and losing income. Some workers may be temporarily or permanently disabled and lose income for a long period of time or have their income drastically reduced. Expensive repairs, lost production, and decreased sales are ways that accidents are costly to employers.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Tabeling, S. (2010, December 1). Safety committees: Their role in preventing employee accidents in hotels and resorts. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://digitalscholarship.unlv.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1659&context=thesesdissertatio ns
80. D
Trademark the logo. A business can legally protect its logo from unauthorized use by registering the logo with the appropriate government agency. If an unauthorized entity compromises or uses the logo in harmful, embarrassing, or negative ways, trademark protection provides the business with legal recourse. Copyrights provide legal protection for written, musical, and artistic works. Patents are obtained to legally protect inventions and certain types of processes for a limited amount of time. A subpoena is a formal request issued by the court for an individual to submit evidence or serve as a witness at trial.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 797-803]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
81. B
Bank loan. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. Businesses usually need a variety of resources to complete a project. Businesses require money (financial resource) to purchase goods and services to complete projects. Money can be obtained in a variety of ways. A common way for a business to obtain a lot of money is by obtaining a bank loan, which is a source outside the business. Internal sources that might provide money to complete a project include the business owner and the business's employees. Businesses pay sales taxes to the government and cannot use them to finance projects.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19 Get What You Need
82. D
What could happen with a similar project. Although projects vary, most businesses consider several factors when determining if a particular project is "do-able." Considerations might include the project type and scope, time constraints, and necessary resources human, financial, and equipment. Unknown outcomes of similar projects are not primary considerations when determining if a specific project is "do-able."
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28 From Here to Done (Project Planning)
83. A
How much merchandise should we buy? Effective purchasing provides the goods, services, or materials that businesses need in order to continue to exist. It does this by determining what to purchase, when to purchase, how much to purchase, where to purchase, how to purchase, and when to pay for the purchase. Distribution will determine shipment of merchandise. Promotion will determine how customers should be informed of merchandise availability. Risk management will determine how to protect products from pilferage.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (Purchasing)
84. C
Buyers. Since employees with buying responsibilities are spending the company's money for resale items or items to be used in the business, they are in a good position to help the business control expenses. Buyers should take advantage of discounts, negotiate favorable shipping terms, and choose vendors who fill orders accurately and deliver on time. Effective buyers often are able to save a business a significant amount of money. Stockers, designers, and trainers are not in as good a position as buyers to help a business control expenses because they do not have direct responsibility for spending the company's money.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
85. A
Personal appearance. Employers are interested in workers who can display a positive impression of their company to others. This is reflected in appropriate grooming, health, and dress. Betty's poorly maintained clothing shows her lack of pride in herself and the company. Promotions go to people who not only consistently do the job but look the part. Betty's job attitude and skills are acceptable since she is described as hard working. Her ability to get along with others was not discussed.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
86. B
Identifies the order in which activities should be done. Prioritizing is determining the order for completion of activities based on their importance. It shows which activities should be done first. This helps you to use your limited time wisely. Prioritizing would not reduce the number of daily activities. Completing activities after they have been prioritized and scheduled should help you to meet deadlines and raise your level of self-confidence.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1 About Time (Time Management in Business)
87. C
Civil service postings. Civil service is one form of government employment that usually requires an applicant to pass a competitive exam in order to be hired. Governmental agencies post lists of civil service jobs currently available within the agencies. These listings usually are posted on bulletin boards at the various city, county, state, and federal office buildings. School bulletin boards usually provide information about jobs available with local businesses rather than governmental agencies. Unions only provide information about jobs with companies that have contracts with the unions. Local telephone directories do not contain specific job information.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4 ed) [p. 57]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. A
Interest the employer in interviewing you. The purpose of a letter of application is to catch the interest of the prospective employer so that you will be called in for a personal interview. Few employees are hired without a personal interview. The letter of application should tell the employer how you found out about the job, but that is not a basic purpose of the letter. The letter should touch on your work history and job skills, but the complete details should be presented in your résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. C
The ability to speak a foreign language. While it might be helpful in attracting new clients, the ability to speak a foreign language is not an essential qualification for working as a financial analyst or personal financial advisor. Essential qualifications include mathematical and analytical skills, good communication skills, and the ability to work independently.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51 Careers in the Money
90. C
Marketable. Transferable skills are abilities that people have and can use in a variety of situations or jobs. When employers want to hire people with the transferable skills to fill job openings, the skills are valuable to the employers and provide job seekers with potential employment opportunities, which makes the skills marketable. Valuable, transferable skills are not always labor-intensive, dynamic, or unusual.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Anczerewicz, K. (2008, March 1). The 7 most marketable skills for the job market. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://ezinearticles.com/?The-7-Most-Marketable-Skills-For-the-JobMarket&id=1019605
91. C
Securities and investments. Chartered Financial Analysts (CFAs) are highly qualified investment professionals. The CFA designation, which is recognized internationally, is offered by the CFA Institute. To earn the CFA designation, individuals must have at least four years of professional investment work experience, follow a strict code of ethics, join the CFA Institute, and pass a series of exams that test their knowledge of portfolio management, types of investments, financial reporting and analysis, and economics.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: CFA Institute. (2012). The CFA program. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.cfainstitute.org/cfaprogram/Pages/index.aspx
92. A
Treating the person to a round of golf. Something as simple as four hours of golf gives you the opportunity to get to know a vendor better. It gives you an opportunity to learn the person's interests and to talk business in a casual environment. Giving the vendor an expensive gift might be construed as a bribe. Although having salespeople talk to the vendor is helpful, it doesn't foster a professional relationship with you. Offering jobs to people on the vendor's staff would create conflict rather than helping to build a positive, professional relationship.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.ciremagazine.com/article.php?article_id=30
93. D
Implement a referral system. A referral is a recommendation given to an individual or business by another individual or business. For example, satisfied clients may refer their friends, family, or colleagues to their financial planners for financial advice. This is one way that businesspeople working in the financial industry can build professional relationships. A financial planner may implement a referral system or program to encourage clients or associates to provide referrals. A referral system might involve giving a free consultation or discount to a client who has provided the financial planner with a lucrative referral. Reading about industry trends and printing new business cards are not actions that build professional relationships. The finance professional must take action on the trends s/he has researched and distribute the business cards to others to begin building professional relationships. Because financial information is personal and confidential, people are usually selective with whom they share their information.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Yokam, C. (n.d.). How to build business relationships. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4488222_build-business-relationships.html
94. D
The company's financial risk will increase. An employee who deliberately withholds information that negatively affects the company is acting in an unethical manner. Because Ted is stealing money from the company, the company is experiencing financial losses. By remaining silent, Michelle is increasing the company's financial risk because Ted may continue to take money from the company, which would increase the company's financial losses. In some jurisdictions, embezzlement is a felony. Ted will not be charged with a felony unless Michelle or another person tells the company's management about the embezzlement. Property insurance premiums and noncompliance fines are not likely to be affected if Michelle does not inform the company about Ted's embezzlement activities.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics? Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
95. A
Whistleblower. One way to manage potential risks resulting from unethical conduct is to build an internal infrastructure that promotes and enforces ethical practices and offers incentives to behave ethically. This internal infrastructure typically includes appropriate audit procedures, a code of conduct, a committee to develop the code, training for employees about the code, and a whistleblower policy. A whistleblower policy encourages and enables employees to report unethical behavior or actions without fear of negative repercussions such as demotion or firing. A credit policy is a guideline for a business to follow in controlling the use of payment plans that allow customers to purchase now and pay later. Monetary policy is the government policy that determines the amount of money that will be in circulation and the level of interest rates. Constituent policies are public policies that apply to the government or nation as a whole. Constituent policies include national security, foreign affairs, diplomacy, etc.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Francis, R. & Armstrong, A. (n.d.). Ethics as a risk management strategy: The Australian experience. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://eprints.vu.edu.au/777/1/JBEthicsRisk.pdf
96. D
Saves information when computer failures occur. Back-up procedures involve saving the business's computer information at set intervals. If the computer system is damaged or fails to operate correctly, the back-up is available to retrieve stored information so the business can continue to operate. The back-up reduces the risk of losing all types of information financial, shipping, ordering, human resources, etc. The purpose for implementing back-up procedures is not to prevent hacking, detect noncompliance, or allow employees to access multiple applications, although there are various software applications that specifically address those issues.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Marks, G. (2010, July 20). Backing up your computer backup services. Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.forbes.com/2010/07/20/carbonite-mozy-internet-technologybackup.html
97. A
Obtain professional liability insurance. Professional liability insurance is a type of insurance that provides financial protection for certain types of professionals, such as doctors, nurses, lawyers, architects, and accountants. The purpose of the insurance is to reduce the risk of financial loss to the individual and to the company for whom s/he works if a client or patient sues them. The purpose of disability insurance is to cover people who cannot work for long periods of time due to illness or injury. Signing vendor contracts and developing non-compete contracts do not reduce risks associated with client or patient lawsuits.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Beam, J., & Foster, N. (2012, August 13). What is malpractice insurance? Retrieved November 8, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-malpractice-insurance.htm
98. B
Obtain adequate property insurance. Businesses purchase various types of insurance to transfer risk. To minimize its risk, a business must ensure that it obtains adequate insurance coverage. For one premium amount, a business can obtain comprehensive property insurance that covers losses associated with building damage and equipment and inventory theft or damage. Businesses can select the appropriate coverage based on their specific needs. If the business does not purchase enough insurance, the insurance payout amount may not cover all of the business's losses, which would be more costly to the business. To maintain insurance coverage, businesses need to pay premiums when they are due, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. Disability insurance is a type of insurance that pays a percentage of employees' salaries if they are unable to work for an extended period of time. Lenders often require that businesses carry certain types and levels of insurance before they will loan them money.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 312-313). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
99. B
Reduce the chance of financial losses. Because risk involves the possibility of loss, businesses must be diligent to control their levels of risk. Businesses can experience financial losses in all areas of the business from product recalls and poor hiring selections to poor credit policies and workplace injuries. Businesses can control their various risks by implementing appropriate business policies, training employees, and acquiring adequate insurance coverage. By controlling financial risk, businesses can limit their debt (liabilities). When businesses have low debt, they increase the potential to earn profit, which contributes to the well-being of society. Businesses increase their visibility in the market in different ways (positive and negative) and are not always related to controlling their levels of risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 326). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
100. A
Management. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services. Promotion communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Production is the process of creating goods and services.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1088
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
May not understand the consequences of their actions. Businesses usually are prevented from entering into legally binding contracts with certain groups of people because these people are not considered to have the capacity to understand the consequences of their actions. One of these groups includes minors, those people under the legal age. In most cases, minors cannot enter into legally binding contracts because they are not old enough to be responsible for the consequences. Minors often have part-time jobs and may have sufficient funds to make payments. Minors are able to make basic decisions, and can promise to do something for others. Therefore, these are not reasons why businesses usually are unable to enter into legally binding contracts with minors.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 210, 222]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. B
Obtaining a loan from a bank. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. A business that obtains a loan from a bank is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship. It is voluntary because the business (debtor) is seeking to obtain funds from the bank (creditor) by going through a loan-application process. A monetary gift is given without expectations of repayment. A monetary gift and a request for information are not examples of debtor-creditor relationships. In tort cases, the court can order one party to pay punitive damages to the other party. This is an example of an involuntary debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
3. D
Accounting scandals. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is federal legislation that was passed in response to recent major corporate and accounting scandals. These scandals include Enron and WorldCom, which resulted in a loss of public trust in current accounting and reporting procedures. The law established new and improved accounting procedures for public companies and accounting firms. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was not passed in response to recent investment options, tax settlements, or collection activities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2007, September). Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX). Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://searchcio.techtarget.com/definition/Sarbanes-Oxley-Act
4. A
A fund with a high portfolio turnover rate. Regardless of fund type, a fund with a high portfolio rate replaces a high percentage of its investments every year. Every time that the fund sells one item in its portfolio and purchases another, a capital gain or loss is being realized. Because these capital gains or losses occur so frequently, it is difficult for fund investors to successfully time the realizations and manage their overall tax obligations effectively. Specialized sector funds focus on a certain industry, and index funds attempt to match broad market indices.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Loth, R. (n.d.). Fund I-Q no..5: Portfolio turnover ratio. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/quality-mutual-fund/chp7-fund-activity/fund-iq5.asp
5. D
Six Sigma. Aspects of the Six Sigma approach to quality management are applied in the finance industry to sustain regulatory compliance. Specifically, Six Sigma's closed-loop control principles (definemeasure-analyze-improve-control) are often incorporated in compliance processes and procedures. Justin-Time, reassurance, and crisis management are not quality management approaches.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (2008, August). Turn SOX compliance into cash: Link SarbanesOxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from hhttp://productdatamanagement.knowledgestorm.com/ksproductdatamgmt/search/viewabstr act/99003/index.jsp
6. D
Link all related questionable transactions for further investigation. After detecting a potential compliance issue, compliance technology such as a virtual auditor should identify and link all of the questionable transactions and entities that seem to be related in some way. Then, the data can be further analyzed and investigated. Rather than deleting all exceptions and questionable transactions from the system, a virtual auditor should document and link the data. To maintain the integrity of the compliance system, it must function independently of the operational financial system. Questionable transactions should not be entered in the operational system. In fact, data about the questionable transaction probably came from the operational system. While a human auditor might manually load questionable transactions into a spreadsheet for analysis, a virtual, computerized auditor would not need to do so.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: VMWare. (2008). Achieving compliance in a virtualized environment. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/technology/compliance_virtualized_environment_wp.pdf
7. A
In 2009, Hewett Packard held 29.1 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 21.9 percent. This option provides the most detailed information about market share during a specific time frame because it provides specific percentage amounts in relation to one year. The ability to read information and extract the most important facts is an important skill to possess. Businesspeople often need to extract the most important content from various documents and articles to analysis reports, complete projects, and make business decisions.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Schall, J. (n.d.). Integrating source material. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from https://www.e-education.psu.edu/styleforstudents/c5_p6.html
8. C
Speaker and the listener. Successful communication depends on active participation of the speaker and the listener, each playing a vital role in the process. Communication can take place even if the speaker is not speaking loudly. Communication is not dependent upon the listener's knowledge of or comfort with the topic, nor is it dependent on the speaker's professional qualifications.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
9. C
Planning and organizing for the future. Strategic management involves planning and organizing for the future. It does not involve obtaining funds. That is part of financial analysis. Recruiting appropriate employees is part of human-resources management and regularly updating business processes is part of operations.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
10. A
If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer. Businesses receive inquiries from customers on a regular basis. In some situations, an employee may not know the answer to a customer's question. To provide good customer service, the employee should take the appropriate steps to obtain the requested information. This may involve verifying the price in the computer system or transferring a customer's telephone call to the sales department. Guessing the price, stating that s/he does not know the price, and telling the customer to contact another person are not legitimate responses to inquiries and do not provide customers with good customer service.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 119-121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Demonstrating a procedure. If possible, it is always useful to demonstrate a procedure when giving verbal directions. The visual demonstration reinforces the verbal explanation and makes it easier for employees to understand. This might include an actual demonstration, a video of a demonstration, or diagrams that explain the procedure. The goal is to increase understanding, particularly if the directions are detailed, or the procedure is new or complicated. Taking notes often helps employees to understand and follow directions. Speaking in a loud voice will not help to clarify information. It is effective to encourage questions rather than to limit them.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Bock, W. (2006, September 20). How to give better instructions. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Give-Better-Instructions&id=305933
12. D
Business letters. Business letters are the most common form of written communication used by businesses to exchange information with other organizations or with customers. Memorandums are informal letters or notes between a company's employees. They are the main form of written communication within a business. Telephone calls and meetings are not forms of written communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. D
Ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses. Companies may prefer that their employees format business correspondence in a specific way to ensure consistency within the organization. To save time and effort, Ann should ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses, such as the block format or simplified format. Developing the letter in a variety of formats is an inefficient use of time.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. A-10 - A-12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. When businesspeople have time constraints, they often read the executive summary of a lengthy report. The table of contents is the portion of the report in which the various report sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. The appendices are segments that are added to the end of the report and provide supporting information. The conclusion section of the report summarizes results and in some reports, this section includes recommendations for a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 456, 461, 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. A
Dependable. Employees who are dependable do what they say they will do and keep their commitments to customers. When employees offer to do something for customers, they must live up to the terms of the commitment in order to build positive relationships. Customers appreciate dependable employees and often return to a specific business because of them. Assertive employees stand up for their rights. Sociable employees are friendly. Creative employees develop unique ideas and solutions to problems. These are good characteristics for employees to have, but they do not involve keeping commitments.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 258). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. B
Pronounce their names correctly. One way to show respect for foreign clients, their families, and their cultures is to learn to say their names properly. If you mispronounce a client's name, you might insult the person or hurt his/her feelings. If you can speak a client's native tongue, converse with that client in her/his language, rather than always speaking in your own native language. Especially if your clients' knowledge of the English language is limited, you should avoid using slang and idioms—your clients may not understand what you really mean by such words and phrases. When communicating with clients of different cultures, do not base your actions on cultural stereotypes.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Ngomsi, E. (2003-2009). Factors that affect cross-cultural interactions in the workplace. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.yan-koloba.com/articles.html
17. D
Concerned. The salesperson's concerned attitude should put the customer in a good frame of mind. If a customer complaint is handled improperly, a valuable customer may be lost. If the salesperson is skeptical or abrupt, this may alienate the customer. It is not necessary to respond in a formal manner; however, professionalism is important.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. B
Jonathan, because his customers feel that they can trust him. Jonathan educates his customers about his products, explaining the positives as well as the negatives. By doing so, Jonathan presents himself as a truthful, trustworthy individual. Customers are much more likely to return to Jonathan and refer others to him because they see him as a person they can trust. There is no indication that Jonathan provides his customers with too much information. Hank is not likely to retain and grow his client base simply because he is optimistic. And, while customers appreciate an upbeat salesperson, they are likely to get angry with Hank if something goes wrong that Hank could have warned them about. Angry, displeased customers are unlikely to return to Hank or refer others to him in the future.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Hoffman, K.D., & Bateson, J. (2006). Services marketing: Concepts, strategies, & cases (3rd ed.) [p. 400]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
19. D
Customer segmentation. Customer-relationship-management (CRM) analytics can be used to analyze and evaluate customer data in many different ways. For example, a business can use CRM technology to segment its customers into groupings based on each client's likelihood of purchasing or repurchasing a particular product. Personalization allows a business to market to specific customers based on data in the CRM system. Event monitoring helps businesses to identify when a customer reaches a specific dollar amount of purchasing or requests an excessive number of refunds. Profitability analysis helps businesses to identify their most profitable customers.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: TechTarget. (2007, June 27). CRM analytics. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://searchcrm.techtarget.com/definition/CRM-analytics
20. A
Economic resources. An item becomes an economic resource when it is used to produce a good or a service. Economic resources include natural resources, human resources, and capital goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
21. B
Listening. Listening involves not only hearing what the speaker is saying but making appropriate verbal responses. It is an essential component or part of verbal communication. Facial expressions, eye contact, and body posture are examples of nonverbal communications.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 192-193). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Competitors. Organizational design (also called organizational structure) is the process of structuring a business's people, information, and technology to enable the business to achieve its goals and to be successful. A business isn't able to structure its competitors.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
23. D
It may have different consequences than breaching ethics. Breaching business ethics and breaking the law may have different consequences. For example, breaching business ethics alone could result in loss of customers, while breaking the law could result in fines or jail time. Both breaching business ethics and breaking the law are unacceptable practices in most industries, are not necessary for business success, and will not make a company more popular. In fact, doing so will hurt a company's public image.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
24. A
Great Britain. Socialism is a modified command economic system in which government owns the basic means of production but there is private ownership of businesses as well. Socialism is characterized by freedom of choice, limited competition, high taxes, some government control, and welfare programs for citizens. Japan, Switzerland, and the United States have capitalistic economic systems.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
25. C
Insurance. Businesses transfer the risk factor to some other person or business when they purchase insurance. An insurance policy is a contract between a business and an insurance company in which the insurance company agrees to provide protection against insurable losses which may occur. Stocks are shares of ownership in a business. Municipal bonds are sold by municipalities to raise funds for their use. Dividends are monies paid to individuals or companies which own stock in a business.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
26. A
Increase. Personal consumption expenditures, a GDP component, represent all of the consumer goods sold during the year. An increase in the sale of consumer goods will result in an increase in GDP unless there is a drop in one of the other GDP components such as government purchases, private investment, or net exports.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Pride, W. M., Hughes, R. J., & Kapoor, J. R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 19-20]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
27. C
Similar business subcultures. The business subculture of each country has its own unique beliefs, values, and ways of conducting business. The business subcultures of some countries are very similar to those of other countries. For example, the United States and the United Kingdom have similar business subcultures, which means that the businesspeople in these countries understand each other and conduct business in similar ways. Because of this, they trade successfully with each other. Countries that have different business subcultures may not be able to trade as successfully with each other because their businesspeople have different ways of doing business and may not understand each other as well. Different countries have different language traits, religious institutions, and governmental systems which may make it difficult for them to trade with each other.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on the Global Environment)
28. D
You will have increased self-respect. Knowing that you always try to be honest and fair bolsters your selfrespect. When you respect yourself, it is easier to respect others as well. Having high standards for honesty and fairness will not decrease the number of mistakes you make. If your job involves handling money, the business might choose to bond you to protect itself from possible loss, even though you are honest. Improving the business's image is a benefit to the business.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
29. C
By helping you to be objective. Self-control helps you to think clearly by enabling you to keep your emotions under control. This helps you to be open-minded and objective. Self-control helps you to deal with criticism without becoming defensive, but that is not part of clear thinking. Self-control helps you to deal with coworkers by helping you to think before you speak.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
30. C
Points out their shortcomings. Negative feedback makes many individuals uncomfortable because it points out their weaknesses, faults, and shortcomings. The frequency of the feedback—whether it occurs regularly or is rare—has little to do with making individuals uncomfortable. Negative feedback should not involve a lot of people. In fact, constructive criticism is best shared in private.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. A
Get along with their coworkers. Today's workplace is more diversified than ever before. We may not fully understand our coworkers because of the differences in our backgrounds. Empathy helps in this situation because it motivates us to look for similarities instead of focusing on differences. Empathy is not a factor in effective planning or career advancement.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
32. D
Credibility. Credibility is believability. If employees believe what managers are saying, they are more likely to be persuaded to do what the managers want them to do. Managers develop credibility by always being truthful with employees. As a result, employees often like and trust managers who are credible and, therefore, are willing to follow their instructions. Having organizational skills, enthusiasm, or selfmotivation does not necessarily mean that managers will be able to persuade employees.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
33. C
It allows for face-to-face interaction. Group members might prefer to use an informal method of consensus building because it allows for face-to-face interaction. Some people consider this kind of give and take to be an essential ingredient in successful consensus building. When the subject matter is controversial or when group members wish to avoid arguing, a formal consensus-building method is more appropriate. A formal method also involves more paperwork.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
34. A
Permanent results. Personal vision is the future that you want to create. It involves creating positive change through hard work over the long term. For example, Martin Luther King, Jr. had a vision in which his children would have equal rights with all Americans. His vision was to end racism, and he took many steps to make his vision come true. Due to his efforts, peoples' attitudes changed and laws were established to protect and ensure all peoples' rights, which created permanent results from his vision. When working toward a personal vision, a person may experience setbacks and challenges, such as limited resources. Not all of the results of visions can be measured because they often affect others on a personal and intangible level.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This!
35. A
Identify the problem. Identifying the problem is the first step in the coaching process. You must identify the problem before you can get a response from your coachee, agree on goals, or form a plan for improvement.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
36. B
Physical condition. Jeremy and his coworker differ in physical condition (their basic health). They may or may not differ in age (the number of years lived), ethnic heritage (cultural background), or education (amount of learning acquired).
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
37. A
Bank notes. Bank notes are currency. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. A mutual fund is a collection of shareholders' money that is invested by professional fund managers in an assortment of different securities, such as stocks and bonds. A bond is a piece of paper (real or virtual) that says the governing body or corporation will borrow your money at a particular interest rate for a particular period of time. Municipal bonds are issued by local governments.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: McMahon, M. & Harris, B. (2003-2012). What is a bank note? Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-bank-note.htm
38. C
Unsecured loan. To obtain an unsecured loan, the borrower does not pledge anything s/he owns as security to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Instead, the borrower signs a written promise to repay the loan. Secured loans require borrowers to guarantee repayment by pledging collateral. Regular credit accounts and travel and entertainment cards are used to purchase goods and services rather than to borrow money. In addition, these credit users agree to the terms for payment, credit limits, and interest as specified by the credit provider.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
39. C
No, his goal is not specific or measurable. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. Effective financial goals are SMART goals—specific, measurable, attainable, results-oriented, and time-bounded. The goal is time-bounded because Brandon wants to save money to buy a car two years from now. It is results-oriented because Brandon will have something to show for his effort in two years—a car. However, the goal is not specific or measurable because Brandon has not indicated how much he wants to save for the car. Also, Brandon has not indicated how he plans to save for the car, such as placing 15% of his weekly paycheck in a special savings account. There is not enough information to determine if the goal is attainable because it is not specific.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
40. A
Investing. Using money to make money is called investing. Saving is setting aside part of your current income for future use. Rationing is a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and services produced—it is determining how scarce resources will be distributed. Reimbursing involves paying back or refunding money that someone has spent.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
41. B
Obtain a bank loan. Banks obtain credit reports to make decisions about providing loans; therefore, it is important for individuals to periodically review the accuracy of their credit reports. By obtaining copies of their credit reports from an authorized credit agency, individuals can identify problems and take corrective action. Information presented in a credit report does not affect an individual's ability to withdraw money from a savings account, pay monthly credit-card balances, or earn interest on stock holdings.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Your credit report can make or break your application. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/free-books/renters-rightsbook/chapter1-3.html
42. A
Issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. Finance companies, also known as credit companies, are a type of financial institution. Finance companies raise capital by issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. They use this capital to provide loans to businesses and consumers. Insurance companies raise capital by investing funds from premiums and offering loans to clients. Deposit-taking institutions accept funds from savers and use those funds to offer loans to borrowers. Investment institutions, not finance companies, establish mutual funds and investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
43. C
Government bonds, corporate stock. Investors buy debt securities, such as government bonds and certificates of deposit, through debt markets. The issuers of debt securities pay investors at a certain time (maturity date) and at a specific interest rate. All levels of government sell debt securities to fund various projects and initiatives. Equity markets trade financial instruments such as corporate stock through exchanges or over-the-counter markets. The stock does not have a maturity date, and can be bought or sold at any time for a gain or loss. Grain and gold are sold through commodities markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (2005, October). What are the differences between debt and equity markets? Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.frbsf.org/education/publications/doctor-econ/2005/october/debt-equity-market
44. C
One-stop shopping. Convergence is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors, and consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. An advantage to consumers of the convergence and consolidation in the finance industry is the creation of "one-stop" shopping, which reduces the need to go to different financial providers for different financial products. Convergence and consolidation do not always make decision making easier for consumers, nor do they guarantee earnings on their investments. Convergence and consolidation usually provide more liquid capital for the financial institutions rather than for consumers.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
45. B
Business expansion slows quickly. Slower business expansion is one factor that indicates an economic recession. When business productivity slows, there is less work for laborers. When there is less work for laborers, businesses tend to lay off employees, causing unemployment rates to rise. Unemployment leads to less consumer spending because the displaced workers do not have income available to buy goods and services, including financial products. Fluctuating interest rates do not always indicate problems with financial markets because slight daily fluctuations are normal. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is rebounding, that people are working, and that people have more money to invest in the financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. D
The reduction of government regulations. Liberalization and deregulation have enabled capital to flow more freely across national borders. Reducing the limits (e.g., quotas, tariffs) on foreigners' access to domestic markets encourages international investment and trade. Globalization has encouraged the movement toward floating exchange rates. Protectionism refers to government policies that are designed to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
47. D
Certified financial planner. Financial planners help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. Financial planners recommend and sell financial products such as mutual funds, stocks and bonds, insurance, etc. When selecting a financial planner, it is important to make sure that s/he has the appropriate training and certification to provide financial services. Tax accountants, loan officers, and credit-union representatives do not usually have the credentials to provide in-depth financial advice and select appropriate investments for clients.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 251]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
48. D
Profitability. The income statement shows a company's profitability over a period of time. Reliability, equity, and liabilities are not part of the income statement.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
49. A
Net change. Newspapers, business publications, and websites publish a securities or stock table, which is a format used to list stock quotes. The table helps investors monitor the performance of their stocks. The net change is a column in the table that indicates the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price, which may increase or decrease (drop). True value, net worth, and true yield are not terms that describe the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
50. D
VOL. VOL is short for Volume (sometimes called Sales). It records how many shares were traded that day. NET CHG stands for Net Change, or the difference between the closing price and the previous day's price. DIV is short for dividend, which is a portion of a company's profits, paid to shareholders each year. YLD% stands for Yield Percentage, which is determined by dividing the dividend into the current stock price.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
51. C
Improper budgeting practices. Financial risks are possible events or situations that directly impact a company's cash flow. In some cases, financial risks prevent a company from having sufficient funds to meet its financial obligations. Improper budgeting practices are an example of an internal financial risk. External financial risks include foreign exchange rate change, consumer buying power, and credit downgrades.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
52. A
To determine whether the company qualifies for additional credit. By examining the balance sheet, banks determine what a business owns as well as what it owes. If the business does not have sufficient assets, the bank will probably avoid loaning it money. Businesses, not banks, declare themselves in bankruptcy. Banks do not have oversight responsibilities of the business community. A bank would examine a company's income statement to determine profitability.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: AccountingCoach.com (n.d.). Balance sheet. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/online-accounting-course/05Xpg01.html
53. D
Standards. Ethical standards are unwritten rules that govern your behavior. Many businesses develop ethical standards that they expect employees to follow, particularly in finance. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. Ethical issues may arise in the process of managing money, and having ethical standards to follow helps employees make the right decisions. There may be consequences for failing to abide by ethical standards, but businesses usually do not develop specific punishments, sanctions, or penalties.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (pp. 31-32). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
54. D
To monitor aging accounts. The accounts receivable—all the monies owed to a firm by its customers— should be monitored carefully because they affect the business's cash flow and its ability to pay its employees and creditors. To collect the monies owed to them, the business should implement follow-up procedures to contact customers with delinquent or aging accounts. Businesses do not monitor accountsreceivable information to forecast sales, classify stocks, or evaluate interest rates.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 342). South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. B
An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information. Businesses have an ethical duty to protect their clients' financial information. Businesses must develop and implement procedures that reduce the risk of theft or unauthorized access to confidential financial information by internal and external sources. Verifying the accuracy of financial statements, requesting financial information to process a loan, and examining financial records to develop a budget are necessary and ethical practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 339). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
56. C
Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding. As businesses have become more comfortable with the use of electronic information, their willingness to accept electronic documents as legally binding contracts has also increased. This has been buoyed by the passage of laws recognizing electronic documents and signatures as legally binding. Electronic information exchange procedures have not been removed. These procedures provide a way for people to exchange information electronically. Security remains an issue for online financial-information management. Although the customers' right to privacy is an issue, it has not contributed to the increased use of online technology in financial-information management.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 338-339). South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. C
Determine the research question. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among data. Businesses use data mining to find answers to questions. For example, a bank might ask the question, “Which customers tend to visit the bank between noon and 5 p.m. on Tuesdays? Before the bank can answer this question, it must identify what types of data it will need to answer the question, and then set appropriate computer queries to obtain the data. After determining the research question, the business can filter the data and analyze the results, which may or may not include product usage patterns. The data may or may not provide the results that the business desired.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
58. A
What makes some customers a better credit risk than others? Data mining is frequently used to classify groups of people or things. For example, data mining could help us to understand what makes customers who are a better credit risk different from the customers who are not. However, data mining is not as effective when trying to pinpoint information about one particular customer. Because a customer's decisions are based on many factors that a database cannot capture, it is difficult to determine that specific person's actions. Therefore, a database would not be an efficient tool to use to predict when the customer will place his/her next order, to learn why s/he moved a checking account to another bank, or to determine what product s/he will order next. Probability models are more successful in predicting what a customer will do and why.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Alter, A. (2007, June 13). What data mining can and can't do. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.cioinsight.com/c/a/Past-News/What-Data-Mining-Can-and-Cant-Do/
59. A
Dividends. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Income is the money received by a business from outside sources. Businesses generate income from product sales (cash and credit), interest earned, and investments. Dividends are income earned on stock investments. Interest on debt (e.g., a bank loan) is a business expense.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2009). Business budget worksheet. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/businessbudgeting/a/budget_wksheet.htm
60. D
What is the change in the company's liquidity? By using financial analysis applications, a business gains insight into its financial health, such as the company's liquidity. These applications also are useful in helping to identify trends. The applications cannot accurately forecast a business's actual amount of profit margin; however, they help to identify trends impacting the profit margin. These applications cannot identify project priorities or tell why products are being added to the product mix. They report financial data.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
61. D
Ensure that only one person can edit data fields. Many databases allow users to view the same information at the same time. The locking function prevents more than one person at a time from making changes to the database. The import function allows users to import data from external programs. The primary purpose of the locking function is not to develop reports, summarize data, or set queries.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Berry, D. (2000-2013). Concurrency control and locking. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://www.service-architecture.com/database/articles/concurrency_control_and_locking.html
62. B
Others rely on the information when making credit and/or investment decisions. It's important for investment firms to share their actual financial situation rather than manipulate the numbers to present the most desired financial situation. Accountants, rather than investment firms, maintain an accurate accounting of people's revenue and expenses. Having both brick-and-mortar and virtual businesses would not impact the accuracy of investment firms' reporting. Unfortunately, most people understand that not all people are honest. Therefore, they need to know enough about investing to make good choices.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Accounting and Compliance International. (n.d.). Accurate accounting for broker-dealers. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.finraexamsupport.com/accurate-accounting
63. A
The federal government. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Public corporations are required to provide financial information that has been verified by an independent auditor to shareholders (owners of the company) and prospective investors. The board of directors and the accounting department perform activities to ensure that the corporation is in compliance.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 114-115). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. B
Accounting focuses on the past, while finance focuses on the future. Accountants are responsible for tracking and analyzing financial transactions to determine a client's or business's financial performance. Individuals in finance use the information that accountants prepare to predict and plan for the future. Finance, which focuses on money and capital markets, investments, and financial management, is broader than accounting. Private accountants typically report to a controller who reports to an executive within the finance department, such as the vice president of finance or chief financial officer. Financial managers and accountants focus on both assets and liabilities, not one or the other.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. A
Managerial. Managerial accounting systems are used primarily to aid managers with their decision making, planning, and controlling. Businesses are not required by law to have managerial accounting systems; therefore, there is less emphasis on the precision of data. These systems also do not have to meet generally accepted accounting principles. Tax and financial accounting are governed by generally accepted accounting principles, and they emphasize the business's past financial performance. These systems are designed to provide financial information to external audiences. A double entry accounting system is an accounting concept requiring every accounting transaction to be recorded in two accounts: in one, the transaction is a debit, while in the other account, the transaction is a credit.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Shanker, S. (n.d.). Objectives of internal managerial accounting systems. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/objectives-internal-managerialaccounting-systems-20945.html
66. B
Profitability ratios. Profitability ratios measure the business's ability to generate profit. By comparing the profitability ratios from consecutive time periods (e.g., quarterly), the business can determine if it is generating profits. If profits tend to increase, then it is likely that the business is generating more revenue or making money. Advertising budgets, interest rates, and payroll records do not provide information about the business's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). What are the five categories of financial ratios and what do they measure? Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/financialratios/f/finratioanal2.htm
67. C
Debt ratio. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a bank reviews the loan applicant's debt ratio before approving the loan. The debt ratio indicates the applicant's current level of debt in relation to his/her current assets (e.g., income, home). If the applicant has a high level of outstanding debt and few liquid assets, the applicant is more likely to default on the loan. In this situation, the applicant would most likely be denied the loan. The bank may consider the economy's inflation rate in relation to the applicant's debt ratio when evaluating the loan application. The bank is not likely to consider the applicant's brand preferences or performance goals.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. A
Analyze the customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements. Businesses commonly analyze their customers' financial information when determining whether or not to extend credit to these customers. At the very least, a business such as the automotive parts supplier should analyze a customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements before approving or denying credit for the customer. It is not feasible for the supplier to contact its shareholders and ask for permission to extend credit to its customers. The supplier's financial accountants are not likely to discuss the customer's request for credit; the company's credit analyst(s) would make the decision. While learning the qualifications and work histories of the customer's management team could be helpful, it is much more important to analyze the customer's financial information prior to approving or denying credit for the customer.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dennis, M.C. (2011). Evaluating financial health. Retrieved March 7, 2012, from http://www.encyclopediaofcredit.com/Evaluating-Financial-Health
69. C
Payroll reports. A variance is a discrepancy or difference between what was planned and what actually occurred. Financial managers often use financial data to analyze variances—to determine what caused actual results to differ from the projected results. A manager might analyze expense variances to determine why a business's expenses were either higher or lower than budgeted. Payroll reports indicate the flow of funds out of a firm to its employees. Therefore, payroll reports provide information about a business expense. Customer invoices and cash receipts, on the other hand, focus on company revenue, not expenses. Productivity reports are often used to analyze operational results, but they are seldom used in expense variance analysis.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2013). Analyze variance effectively. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel/HA011562881033.aspx
70. B
Compliance. Compliance is an HR management activity that ensures a company is following all applicable laws and regulations. Staffing is an HR management activity that ensures a company has appropriate employees available and ready to work. Compensation and benefits is an HR management activity that ensures a company's employees are paid. Employee relations is an HR management activity that ensures a company's employees have positive working relationships.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
71. A
Advertising. Keeping promises to customers involves both personal interactions and advertising. Companies must make good on their promises, no matter what method they use to make them to their customers. These promises don't usually come from newspaper articles, coworker interactions, or future products.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now (Employee Actions)
72. C
Criticism. When assessing information, it is important to discern fact from opinion and criticism. The example is a statement of disapproval, which is criticism. It is based on opinion or beliefs rather than facts. Facts contain information or data that are indisputable and true.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 17]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
73. B
Request for proposal. Complex projects often require the expertise of external resources. Building a new facility requires skills from architects, construction companies, electricians, etc. And because these types of projects are expensive, companies want to obtain bids from the potential vendors or contractors to determine which one is best suited to perform the work. A request for proposal (RFP) is an invitation for potential vendors to present bids to obtain a contract and perform the work. Because the work is complex, the RFP must include specific information and provide detailed instructions about the way the proposal should be written. Often, an RFP will require potential vendors to provide a summary of qualifications as a section of the proposal. A business plan is a company's blueprint for success—its business model. An executive summary is an element of a business plan and provides an overview of the most important information.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. B
Relevant. In order to make business decisions, companies access, store, maintain, and evaluate a variety of information (facts, data). To make appropriate decisions, companies need to make sure the information that they are basing their decisions upon is accurate and relevant. For example, information from an employee's performance review will not help the business determine how to price its products. Information from an anonymous source may be incorrect and could lead to poor decisions and undesirable outcomes. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. Not all information needs to be encrypted. While positive information about the company is nice, it is more important that the information is honest, accurate, and relevant.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices(2nd ed.) [pp. 483-484]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
75. C
Programming languages. A computer programming language is the language or code that instructs a computer to carry out specific actions in relation to certain keystrokes. Computer programmers use various types of computer programming languages to develop computer hardware and software programs. Search engines are computer programs that crawl the Web looking for information. Service providers provide access to a service, such as the Internet. A disk drive is a component of a computer that reads data from and writes data to removable computer disks.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2013). Programming language. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.answers.com/topic/programming-language#
76. C
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information in order to send certain messages to specific customers. Spreadsheet and word-processing software do not perform the functions required by the retailer. Systems tools are used to maintain the computer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 658). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Varies greatly. The length of time that businesses use and store their records can vary greatly. Some businesses will use certain records indefinitely, while other businesses might maintain information on a seasonal basis or for only one year. The law often determines how long certain records must be maintained.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 349]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
78. D
Inventory. Companies keep many types of records about their various business activities. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. The goal of a sales promotion is to stimulate short-term sales. A company that is planning a sales promotion featuring specific products needs to make sure that there are enough products available at the right time to meet the anticipated increases in customer demand. By reviewing inventory reports, employees can see how much stock is available and how much they need to order to ensure stock is available during the sales promotion. Accounting, operations, and performance data do not provide enough information to make an informed decision about inventory issues.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
79. B
Logistics. Operations are the day-to-day activities for continued business functioning. Logistics refers to the function of operations that manages the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. Logistics includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing (e.g., type of warehouse) and transporting goods (e.g., shipping method). Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Maintenance needs refer to the routine maintenance and repair of business facilities and equipment. The operations function controls many activities within the business, which means that this function encounters a lot of expenses incurred by the business. Therefore, expense control is an important operations activity because it focuses on efficiency and keeping the business's costs low for its day-to-day activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. C
Adequate first-aid supplies. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires companies of all sizes to have adequate first-aid supplies available for use. Employees should find out where these supplies are located before an accident has the chance to happen. It would also be beneficial for employees to know how to use the first-aid supplies. OSHA does not require companies to have back-up power sources, replacement office equipment, or emergency generator units.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: University of Wyoming. (2010, April). First Aid Kit Basics: OSHA 1910.51. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.uwyo.edu/ehs/_files/docs/factsheets/firstaidkitbasics.pdf
81. A
Support services. Support services are the technical or complicated activities that project members cannot do themselves. After you decide what type of additional help you might need to complete the project, you should identify the other people, organizations, and businesses that need to be involved in the project. Maybe you need the help of trained professionals to use complex equipment or different types of transportation. While determining the type of work that needs to be done, you might identify technical equipment. However, it is possible that a member of the group knows how to use this equipment. In many cases, it will not be possible to identify alternative tasks or replacement items. Then, it will be necessary to locate support services.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
82. B
Communication. Communication is an exchange of information, which is an important part of project planning. In order for a project to succeed, everyone involved in developing and carrying out the project needs to know the goals, strategies, and expected outcomes of the project. Sufficient information needs to be communicated during all phases of planning in order for those involved to be able to provide input and to perform their assigned tasks. Orientation is job preparation or induction training for new employees. Compensation is wages, incentives, and benefits offered to an employee. Negotiation involves compromise in order to resolve a problem or dispute.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (p. 357). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
83. A
Standards. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for making comparisons or judgments. Managers often use standards as the basis for evaluating project results. For example, one standard might be financial, such as to increase sales by a certain amount. Then, the manager compares the results with the standard to determine if the project was effective. Techniques are methods or activities that might be used to carry out the project. Resources are items that are needed to complete a project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 258). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
84. C
There are ways to improve. When a business has a quality culture, its employees share the common belief that all functions of the business must consistently achieve the established standards of excellence and that employees must continuously look for ways to improve those standards. Employees with a quality-culture mindset are always looking for ways to increase personal work efficiency, streamline processes, maximize creativity, and improve products and customer-service levels. A business with a quality culture believes that each employee has valuable ideas, that changes are necessary for improvement, and that teamwork and cooperation are important for achieving the business's goals.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2012). Business management (13th ed.) [p. 99]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
85. C
To attract customers. Customers usually prefer to shop at businesses that are clean and neat. Keeping the selling area in good condition promotes an image that appeals to customers and encourages them to buy. Customers are more likely to be attracted to clean businesses, which often leads to an increase in sales. Businesses do not keep their selling areas neat and clean in order to satisfy inspectors, please vendors, or interest employees.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 328]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
86. B
Collect information. Courtney is collecting information about the man's order so she can find out why it hasn't arrived on time. The problem has already been defined—the man's order is missing. Courtney isn't stating assumptions by asking for this information. And she can't evaluate the solution yet because she hasn't chosen one at this point.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Problem Solving)
87. C
Self-critical. Few things stop creativity like criticism. Censoring your ideas limits the number of ideas you have and often limits the quality of those that do appear. Independence, curiosity, and determination are traits that creative people often have in common.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Rieck, D. (n.d.). 8 bad habits that crush your creativity and stifle your success. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.copyblogger.com/creativity-killers/
88. A
Marketing department meeting at 1:30. A marketing department meeting at 1:30 is an item that belongs on a daily "to-do" list. Researching five career paths and reading 20 articles from BusinessWeek are items that belong on a weekly or monthly "to-do" list. Moving to New York City is a goal, not an item for a "to-do" list.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
89. A
Give name clearly. Effectively beginning the interview is very important because first impressions are often long-lasting. One technique for getting off to a good start is to smile and give your name clearly when you greet the interviewer. This sends a positive signal to the interviewer and creates a good impression. It is inappropriate to tell jokes because the applicant probably does not know the interviewer personally. Interviewees should speak in a normal tone of voice. The interviewer should take the initiative.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 136-137). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
When they are no longer interested in the job. One of the reasons for sending follow-up letters is to be courteous and thank interviewers for their time. Applicants who have interviewed with a business should send follow-up letters even if they are no longer interested in the job, because that will help to build a positive relationship. At some point in the future, applicants may want to be considered for other positions with that company, and their courteous behavior in the past will be remembered. Follow-up letters are not submitted with application forms, sent with résumés, or before agreeing to pre-employment testing.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. B
Networking. Networking involves communicating with all of the people an individual knows who might be able to help with career opportunities. Research indicates that more people get jobs and advance in their careers through networking than through any other way of finding employment. Individuals who network regularly often are able to obtain the positions they want and move up the career ladder. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution. Interviewing involves meeting with a prospective employer in the anticipation of being offered a position. Mentoring involves an experienced worker acting as a guide to new employees.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 419]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. A
Real estate appraiser. A real estate appraiser determines the value of a specific property. A real estate agent or broker assists buyers and sellers in the process of purchasing or selling property. An underwriter works in the insurance industry and calculates the risk of loss, establishes premium rates, and designs policies to cover risk. An actuary assesses risk using statistical analysis.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services)
93. C
Investment banking. Investment banks trade securities, help businesses and governments issue securities, and handle the financial side of mergers and acquisitions. Financial planners help individuals make financial and investment decisions. They may also buy and sell certain financial products, such as securities, retirement plans, and insurance policies. A brokerage house is the most common type of firm that specializes in trading securities for clients. A stock exchange is where security trading is conducted by professional stockbrokers.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
94. B
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Finance professionals can enhance their professional standing and career-advancement opportunities by obtaining various certifications and licensures. The CFA certification is a comprehensive certification that requires participants to pass three levels of exams. The CFA certification is beneficial to finance professionals who focus on the long-range financial well-being of businesses and organizations. Insurance underwriters obtain the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification. Loan officers obtain a CLO certification. Finance professionals who specialize in annuities obtain the Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS) certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Kolakowski, M. (n.d.). CFA: Chartered Financial Analyst. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://financecareers.about.com/od/cfa/a/cfa.htm
95. D
Networking. Networking is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development or advancement. Because the financial-services marketplace is very competitive, financial-services professionals and businesses need to communicate with other individuals and businesses to build clientele and promote their products. By participating in groups and speaking with other professionals, financial-services professionals can build new business relationships, obtain referrals, and acquire leads to increase clientele. Product development is the process of creating new goods and services. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique. Market segmentation is dividing a large market into small markets.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (p. 186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. C
The best form of risk management is adherence to business ethics. Every breach of business ethics represents a potential risk for businesses. The best thing businesses can do to overcome most risks is to do the right thing—practice business ethics. Risk management includes the ethical treatment of customers as well as a variety of other factors. Insurance is one way to overcome business risks; however, risk management is much more than insurance.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Lawrence, M. (n.d.). Business ethics as risk management. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.allbusiness.com/finance/insurance-risk-management/577644-1.html
97. C
Passwords. Businesses must take precautions to secure their confidential information. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential information, businesses often assign computer passwords to allow authorized employees to view secured information. This reduces the risk of confidential information getting into the wrong hands. Encryption, rather than decryption, is a way to protect information. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that unauthorized users are not able to read it. Groupware applications are software programs that allow several computer users to access the same information from different locations. Spooling is the process of transferring computer data to a temporary location so the data can be retrieved and processed through a different computer program.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 358-359). South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. D
Financial losses in relation to lawsuits. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may face a lawsuit. If the business loses the lawsuit, it may be required to pay money to the plaintiff. For example, if an employee is severely injured on the job, s/he might decide to file a lawsuit against the business for negligent behavior. If the court finds that the business acted negligently because it didn't follow safety regulations, then the business may be required to pay the employee, which is costly to the business. Acquiring insurance that offers lower premiums saves the business money and is not always related to business regulations. Customer-satisfaction levels are not always related to the business's compliance issues. Businesses that develop and implement effective reporting methods can minimize their risk in relation to compliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 524-526, A-13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
99. D
Monitor regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. Therefore, it is important for a business to continuously monitor government regulations to ensure that it is in compliance, and make changes, if necessary, to become compliant. Evaluating competitors, obtaining customer feedback and allocating operating funds are not actions that will reduce risks associated with noncompliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
100. A
It determines the minimum reserve requirements in financial trading. Different measures can result in a lower or higher minimum reserve requirement, which results in a lower or higher profit for the financial institution. Although it does not designate the audience that will receive the resulting financial reports, some financial measures should be used for internal purposes while other measures are more appropriate for external audiences. The number of clients to serve and the types of risks to be encountered are not aspects of selecting a risk measure.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Eling, M. & Tibiletti, L. (2008, August 20). Internal vs. external risk measures: How capital requirements differ in practice. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://web.econ.unito.it/tibiletti/docs/TCM-TCE%202008-08-20.pdf
Test 1123
Finance Cluster Exam
1. D
Trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a business to identify a good or service and is registered with the government to prevent its use by others. A trademark is an example of intangible business property. Federal law protects a business's intangible property from being used by competitors. A business's inventory, acreage, and equipment are types of tangible property.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 797-799]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort. However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee (defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop its own laws.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 259-260]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. C
Obtaining a loan from a bank. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. A business that obtains a loan from a bank is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship. It is voluntary because the business (debtor) is seeking to obtain funds from the bank (creditor) by going through a loan-application process. A monetary gift is given without expectations of repayment. A monetary gift and a request for information are not examples of debtor-creditor relationships. In tort cases, the court can order one party to pay punitive damages to the other party. This is an example of an involuntary debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
4. D
Pump and dump. Pump and dump is an investment scam that takes place mostly online. It typically involves scammers who buy a small stock and then hype it up to other investors, causing its price to rise. The scammers sell when the price is high, leaving the victims to deal with the rapid price decline afterwards. A pyramid scheme is an illegal form of multi-level marketing in which emphasis is placed on collecting initial fees from as many people as possible. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures in new investors by promising high rates of return with little to no risk. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: QS LAP 50 Play by the Rules (Legal and Ethical Aspects of the Stock Market)
5. C
Contributions are taxed, but withdrawals during retirement are not. Contributions paid into Roth Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) are taxed. But, earnings on the growing funds in the account and withdrawals during retirement are tax-free. Unlike Roth IRAs, contributions to traditional IRAs are tax deductible, but investors must pay taxes on the withdrawals they make from these accounts during retirement.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: CNN Money. (2015). How is a Roth IRA different from a regular IRA? Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://money.cnn.com/retirement/guide/IRA_Roth.moneymag/index2.htm
6. B
Regulatory guidelines. Financial institutions are required to follow governmental rules and regulations. Following these regulatory guidelines is the process of compliance. The purpose of compliance is to make the industry safe for consumers and to maintain the stability of the financial system. Compliance does not involve operating within specific territories, organization plans, or different relationships.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Adshead, A. (2014, May). Principles of compliance in the financial services. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.computerweekly.com/feature/Principles-of-compliancein-the-financial-services-industry
7. A
Reporting requirements. Demand for governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) software systems has grown significantly in recent years. Although GRC software can be customized to better meet individual business needs, it serves four basic functions. It identifies and measures corporate risk levels; monitors the risk-management system; checks to see that employees are adhering to company-wide policies; and ensures compliance with reporting requirements enforced by federal and state government agencies and other regulatory commissions. It is not designed to ensure compliance with union demands, product standards, or contingency plans.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Bamberger, K.A. (2010, March). Technologies of compliance: Risk and regulation in a digital age. Texas Law Review, 88(4), 669-739. Retrieved from http://scholarship.law.berkeley.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2665&context=facpubs
8. A
Distracted. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that involve gestures and facial expressions rather than words. Nonverbal cues often express what the senders and recipients think about their messages. If Colin was interested in the meeting topic or was listening to the speaker, he would be directing his attention to the speaker. Since Colin was looking at his phone and texting, he was distracted and was probably not paying attention to what the speaker was saying. The speaker likely felt that Colin's nonverbal behavior was rude and inconsiderate. There is not enough information to determine if Colin was annoyed.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-57]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. B
Supporting ideas with evidence. Ideas that are evidence-based are more easily accepted than those that are not. Primary information is new information collected for the issue at hand. DiAnn is collecting secondary information, which involves obtaining information that has already been collected by others. The evidence does not create alternative ideas. It is meant to add validation to the original idea. Clarifying an idea involves explaining it in more detail.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: The Writing Center, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. (2000-2014). Evidence. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://writingcenter.unc.edu/handouts/evidence/
10. C
Find out what other people in the group know about the product. Starting a meeting by learning about others' knowledge of the subject identifies what your team knows as well as areas where more work will be needed. Some ground rules are needed to let everyone know how the group operates. Otherwise, unacceptable behavior may occur. Unusual ideas should not be avoided. Often these are the breakthroughs that lead to success. Bob should use good listening skills, including making eye contact and using other nonverbal cues, to let others in the group know he is listening.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put in Your Two Cents (Participating in Group Discussion)
11. B
Pie chart. If Alma wants to illustrate her budget by showing parts in relation to the whole, she should use a pie chart. A table is a visual way of displaying information in rows and columns. A bar graph shows values across categories. Line graphs usually depict information over time. Although Alma might want to use these types of graphics for other parts of her presentation, the pie chart is the best way to show how the parts of her budget add up to form the whole.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Cothran, H.M. (n.d.). Business retention and expansion (BRE) programs: Preparing a written report of survey findings and recommendations (FE657). Gainesville: University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/fe657
12. D
Transmittal. A transmittal letter should always accompany important business papers, such as contracts, that are sent by mail. The purpose of the transmittal letter is to let the recipient know exactly what should be contained in the package and if the recipient needs to take any action. A transmittal letter accompanying contracts should indicate how many copies are included and if the recipient needs to sign and return a copy. An acknowledgment letter acknowledges the receipt of business papers. A claim letter requests a solution to a problem. A request letter asks for information.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Sessoms, G. (2015). What is a letter of transmittal? Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://work.chron.com/letter-transmittal-6249.html
13. C
Credibility. Credibility is achieved when the audience has confidence in the persuader. In this case, Dr. Browne's prestigious job title and degree lead the audience to believe she is a credible source. Reason is when logic is used to persuade someone to do something. It often involves solid facts and statistics. An emotional appeal affects the audience's feelings, such as sympathy or love. An appeal that uses shock value is a form of an emotional appeal that includes information that the audience would find shocking.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: McIntyre, M. & McKee, J. (n.d.). Ethos. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://writingcommons.org/index.php/open-text/information-literacy/rhetoricalanalysis/rhetorical-appeals/585-ethos
14. C
Grapevine. Grapevine is an oral communication method in which information is passed around the company but not formally announced or verified. Coworkers frequently discuss company issues and pass on information from one department to another through the grapevine. Employees often obtain information and communicate it to others through the grapevine before management makes an official announcement. Feedback is evaluative information given by supervisors to employees. Network is a system of contacts within and outside the organization. Structured is formal communication.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
15. C
Builds positive relationships with customers. A service orientation is the business philosophy of providing quality service. One way to do this is to communicate effectively with customers so they trust the business. The benefit of creating trust by providing accurate and credible information is that it tends to build positive relationships with customers. Customers often remain loyal to a business if they have confidence that the business will treat them well and provide quality service. The purpose of reinforcing service orientation through communication is not to promote the sale of new products, reward customers for their support, or encourage employees to be aggressive.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Weitz, B.A., Castleberry, S.B., & Tanner, J.F. (2007). Selling: Building partnerships (6th ed.) [pp. 40-41]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
16. C
Providing efficient follow-up. Customers often base their impressions of a business on the interactions they have with the business's employees. In the situation provided, Karl worked quickly to find out the status of the order and immediately called Mr. Schwarz with specific information about where the order was and when to expect delivery. This is an example of efficient follow-up. By providing efficient service, Karl is building favorable relationships with customers. There is not enough information provided to determine if Karl delegated work tasks to facilitate his follow-up activities or if he complimented Mr. Schwarz.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 244-245]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
17. D
Aligning business activities with customer needs. A customer-centric business focuses on customer needs and wants. To focus on the customers' needs and wants, the business must ensure that its business objectives and activities align with its customers' needs and wants. A customer-centric business must continuously improve its processes and products to accommodate its customers' changing needs and wants. The business cannot be satisfied with the status quo. A customer-centric business allows its employees to provide input and make decisions in relation to customer relationships. Touch points are all of the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand value. A customer-centric business is not likely to reduce the number of customer touch points.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
18. D
Simple explanations. When providing product information to clients, finance professionals should keep the clients' point of view in mind. Clients may not be familiar with finance industry jargon, technical terms, or acronyms. Therefore, finance professionals should use simple, clear language that clients understand. While standard responses are sometimes helpful to finance professionals, it is usually better to keep individual clients in mind when providing product information since different clients are likely to have different knowledge bases.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Financial Planning Association. (n.d.). A financial professional's guide to working with older clients. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://assets.aarp.org/www.aarp.org_/articles/money/financial_planning/financial_professiona l.pdf
19. C
Complete a data cleansing of the erroneous entries. One of the quickest ways for a business to upset its customers is to accuse them of failing to pay their bills especially when the business has already received payment from them. To ensure that these customers do not receive more erroneous collection letters in the future, Beverly should complete a data cleansing of the erroneous entries, removing them from the system. Completing an accounting software update isn't likely to have an effect on the erroneous entries. While it might be helpful to contact each customer by phone and apologize, Beverly needs to do more than that to ensure that the customers are not bothered in the future. The $25,628 is not a debt. It is the sum total of all the erroneous duplicate entries in the accounts receivable account.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Cook, R. (n.d). Six steps to improved data quality and more effective marketing. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.crmsearch.com/marketing-data-quality.php
20. B
Consumption. Everyone consumes goods and services to satisfy unlimited wants. Production, exchange, and distribution are other economic activities. Production is the making or producing of goods and services. Exchange involves the exchange of money payments between producers and the owners of resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided or distributed between resource owners and producers.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
21. B
Red apples @ $0.90 per pound; green apples @ $0.80 per pound. This is the only combination that resulted in a change in the relative price ratio. When red apples sold for $0.30 per pound and green apples for $0.40 per pound, the price of each was cut in half, and the ratio remained the same. When red apples sold for $1.20 per pound and green apples for $1.60 per pound, the price of each was doubled and the ratio remained the same. When red apples sold for $0.45 per pound and green apples for $0.60, the price of each was cut one-fourth, and the ratio remained the same.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More is Less (Functions of Prices)
22. D
Marketing. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Marketing is an important business activity because it identifies what consumers want and plans how to promote and sell those goods and services to the consumers. Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling business activities to achieve objectives. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services wanted by consumers. Risk management is the business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures involved in limiting business losses. It optimizes the relationship of potential loss to gain.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
23. A
It is a combination of two other organizational structures. The matrix organizational structure is a combination of the functional structure and the divisional structure. It includes traditional departments, but it is also broken down by division (including, but not limited to, product lines). As organizational design goes, it is a newer, rather than older, structure.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23 Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
24. A
Systems thinking. Systems thinking is an organizational learning concept that focuses on the big picture rather than seeing smaller, individual parts. Team learning means thinking and working together as a group. Shared organizational vision refers to sharing a mutual commitment to the future the firm seeks to create. Personal mastery is striving for individual learning as a means of advancing the organization.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: EC LAP 25 Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
25. A
Level of productivity. The general economic growth of a country depends upon its level of productivity. For example, the level of productivity in the United States has given the country a wealth of goods and services which allows its citizens to reach a certain standard of living. Gross domestic product is the final, total value of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. GDP serves as a measure of economic growth.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
26. D
Tentative agreement. Tentative agreement is the stage at which union and management have agreed on the terms of a contract but still need union members to approve or reject the contract. Preparation and research occur before labor negotiations begin. A ratified contract is one that union members have approved. Contract settlement occurs when a ratified contract has been signed by union and management.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: Human Resources Department, University of California, Santa Barbara. (2012). What is a tentative agreement or "T.A." in contract negotiations? Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.hr.ucsb.edu/what-tentative-agreement-or-ta-contract-negotiations
27. D
A lower rate of inflation. When a lot of people are out of work, they lose their buying power, which means less money is in circulation. Because unemployed people have less disposable income, the demand for goods and services is low, which tends to slow or lower the rate of inflation (rise in prices). The amount of monetary policies that the government establishes does not affect unemployment rates. When the GDP grows, an economic expansion is occurring, which indicates that people and businesses are spending money and the unemployment levels are low.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 64-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. D
Gender. A stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. When people stereotype others, they tend to classify certain people as a group that possesses certain characteristics. These characteristics are often based on distorted beliefs or unreliable information. A person who stereotypes others often fails to see an individual who possesses unique skills, values, and attitudes. Gender is one characteristic by which people often stereotype others. Assuming men are more assertive than women in business situations is a distorted belief. In fact, many women are very assertive in business situations. Ethnic stereotyping involves having false beliefs about a person on the basis of his/her race or culture. Stereotypes about religion involve having distorted beliefs about a person's spiritual practices. An individual who stereotypes by age might feel that younger people do not possess needed knowledge or that older people are feeble and lack adaptability.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 108-109]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
29. B
Enthusiastic. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. When people are positive and believe in themselves, they usually are enthusiastic and display great interest or excitement in what they do. Confident people have a good attitude and display that attitude by being enthusiastic. Individuals do not necessarily exhibit self-confidence by being creative, emotional, or reserved.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 127-128). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
30. D
It prevents Maureen from hearing the criticism clearly. Defensiveness raises a barrier between you and the speaker. Most of us feel angry or resentful when we are criticized, especially when the criticism is unjust. However, we cannot afford to exhibit this kind of attitude on the job. If Maureen listened with an open mind to the supervisor, she might learn not only how to correct her mistakes but how to avoid the mistakes in the future. Maureen's attitude indicates immaturity rather than a desire to call attention to herself.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. B
Leaving the room when a salesperson takes a telephone call. Successful employees realize the importance of respecting others' privacy in the workplace. When employees respect others' privacy, they are likely to gain the trust and respect of coworkers and managers. An employee who respects others' privacy would leave the room when a coworker (e.g., salesperson) takes a telephone call. Speaking up for a coworker, providing feedback, and answering a coworker's phone call are not necessarily situations in which privacy is being violated; there is not enough information provided to determine if intervention was requested.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 170). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
32. B
Culture. The customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people are known as their culture. Stereotypes are set images or assumptions about people or things. Diversity is all the ways in which people differ. Religion is a fundamental set of beliefs.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
33. A
Damage their relationships. Insecure people are often anxious about their interpersonal relationships. They are afraid if they become assertive, they may ruin a friendship or end a relationship. Assertiveness is a risk they are unwilling to take. These people are dependent rather than independent and may already be considered childish because of their passive behavior that focuses on pleasing others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. A
Results. Keeping the end goal in mind refers to being results-oriented, a characteristic of achievementoriented people. They like being able to objectively evaluate their successes. They also value improvement, trying something new, and competition; however, these standards don't necessarily relate to keeping the end goal in mind.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
35. D
Explaining how they will benefit. People tend to work harder to achieve a vision or goal if they understand how they will benefit. Therefore, a leader should explain the benefits they will receive so employees will be encouraged to work toward a shared vision. Simply describing the objective or reviewing the new assignment will not encourage employees to work unless they also understand how they will benefit. Generating a profit is a benefit to the business that will not necessarily encourage employees to work unless they will share in the profit.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
36. D
Listening. Coaching is mostly about listening. It isn't really about talking or instructing. Listening is important because coaches must truly understand what the other person is saying and where s/he's coming from. Although organization is certainly helpful, it is not the most important skill in coaching.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24 Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
37. C
A risk-taker who has a strong work ethic. Entrepreneurship requires risk-taking, a strong work ethic, and self-confidence. It often requires working much longer hours than 9-to-5. Entrepreneurs must work hard, but they are also in charge of protecting their own health. Getting sick means missing work and losing money.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Miranda, K. (2015). What do I need to become an entrepreneur? Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/need-become-entrepreneur-2291.html
38. B
Prompt Payment Act. When the U.S. federal government owes money to a contracted employee or business, the government must pay the employee or business according to the Prompt Payment Act. There are no U.S. legal requirements for financial exchange called "Early Bird," "Secure Contracting," or "Government Guidelines."
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Financial Management Service. (n.d.). Prompt payment: Regulations and guidelines. Retrieved September 15, 2015 from http://www.fms.treas.gov/prompt/index.html
39. D
Realize what it takes to get the things you really want. Financial planning is a good way to realize what it takes to get the things you really want. It is not a method for stopping all impulsive purchases nor is it a way to achieve your professional goals. And, even the best financial planning can't guarantee you'll retire with a substantial amount of money in the bank.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
40. C
How long your money is invested. The most important factors to consider in compounding growth are how much money you invest, how much your investment grows each year, and how long your money is invested. Investing is using money to make money, which means that if you invest money in the stock market, for example, you are likely to make an average of 10 percent each year. As the years pass, your investment will grow tremendously because you will be earning interest on interest. So, it is beneficial to invest for as long as possible to earn the largest amount of compound interest as possible. How you earn the money that you invest, your educational background and career, and your mutual fund manager's education have a much smaller impact on compounding growth than time does.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30 Supersize Your Money (Need to Save and Invest)
41. C
Cancel all of his credit and debit cards. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g. credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. The first thing Cameron should do when he realizes he has lost his wallet is to cancel his credit cards. By canceling the credit cards, Cameron will protect himself in the event that someone finds his wallet and attempts to use the credit cards. Financial institutions and businesses (e.g., retailers) issue credit cards, not government agencies. Cameron should contact the proper law enforcement authorities (e.g., police) if he thinks his wallet is stolen. He can report a lost wallet, and he can also change the passwords for his online banking accounts. However, the first thing he should do is to cancel his credit and debit cards.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Recovering from identity theft is easier with a plan. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from https://www.identitytheft.gov
42. B
Credit unions, savings and loan associations, and commercial banks. Deposit-taking financial institutions accept funds from customers (depositors) and pay interest on the funds. Credit unions, commercial banks, savings and loan associations (banks), and mutual savings banks are types of deposit-taking financial institutions. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares of the company. Brokerages are financial intermediaries that sell securities. Insurance firms sell insurance and securities. Corporations, brokerages, and insurance firms are not types of deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Introduction—types of financial institutions and their roles. Retrieved September 22, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporatefinance/1/financial-institutions.aspx
43. D
Corporate bonds and preferred stock. Capital markets buy and sell long-term securities. Corporate bonds, common and preferred stock, and treasury bonds are examples of securities that are sold on capital markets. Treasury bills and certificates of deposit are money market securities, which are shortterm securities.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 7). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
44. B
A financial holding company. Because financial holding companies provide a wide variety of financial services and related products, the Federal Reserve Board supervises their activities. The primary services that an accounting firm provides include accounting, tax preparation, auditing, and bookkeeping services. Some financial holding companies may offer accounting services. Commodities investors invest their funds in goods (futures) such as grains, livestock, raw materials, etc. A central bank is often responsible for determining interest rates, controlling the nation's money supply, and regulating the banking industry. The Federal Reserve is an example of a central bank.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Financial holding company (FHC). Retrieved September 10, 2015, from www.investopedia.com/terms/f/financial-holding-company-fhc.asp
45. D
Gross Domestic Product, unemployment, and inflation. According to most analysts, the three economic indicators that impact the stock market the most (and, therefore, the three that stock market investors and traders should pay the closest attention to) are the Gross Domestic Product, unemployment, and inflation. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is the final market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. The stock market mirrors the GDP if the GDP goes up, the stock market usually goes up with it. The unemployment rate is the percentage of the workforce that is unemployed. The stock market is inversely related to the unemployment rate if the unemployment rate goes up, stock prices usually go down. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices that may occur when demand exceeds supply or when productivity declines and costs of labor go up. If inflation and interest rates both rise, the stock market will suffer. However, if inflation goes up while interest rates stay low, the stock market is likely to benefit. Overhead expenses and bond rates are not economic indicators.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Levitt, A. (2013, April 3). Economic indicators that affect the U.S. stock market. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/031413/economicindicatiors-affect-us-stock-market.asp
46. D
Derivatives. Derivatives are financial instruments whose value depends upon the value of other financial instruments or market indices. Investors frequently use derivatives to hedge or reduce the risk of investing in the foreign exchange market, which is sometimes volatile. The derivatives help to reduce the impact of significant fluctuations in foreign exchange markets. Emerging markets are financial markets in countries with developing economies. Emerging markets are usually receptive to foreign investment, but they are also more volatile and risky than financial markets in developed countries. Venture capital is invested money that is used for new business opportunities. No-load mutual funds have no up-front sales charges.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5156 - 5-157). Columbus, OH: Author.
47. D
Balance sheet. The balance sheet gives a summary of a company's financial health at a specific point in time. It contains two major sections: a listing of the company's assets and a listing of its liabilities. The liabilities section also indicates the shareholders' equity, which is the value of all the outstanding stock owned by shareholders. Shareholders' equity is determined by subtracting the liabilities from the assets. The income statement, also known as the profit-and-loss statement, shows a company's profitability over a specific period of time. The cash flow statement tracks the money that comes into and flows out of a company. An annual report is not a type of financial statement, but it does contain financial statements, along with a good deal of other information about the company.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36 The Source Is With You (Finding and Evaluating Securities Information)
48. C
Price-earnings ratio. Most stock tables include the price-earnings ratio, or PE ratio for short. The priceearnings ratio is determined by dividing the last closing price of the stock by the earnings per share. Investors often study the PE ratio to get an idea of whether the stock is overvalued or undervalued, compared to competitors. The earnings per share (EPS), net income, and stockholder's equity are not typically found on the stock table. The earnings per share tells investors how much profit goes to each share of common stock. The net income is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. The stockholders' equity is equal to the assets minus liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37 Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
49. B
Themselves. Businesses invest money just as individuals do, with the hope for a healthy return. Often, businesses invest back into themselves by researching and developing new products, purchasing the latest and most efficient technologies, expanding into new markets, etc. They may also invest in stocks, bonds, or real estate, but putting money back into the company is the most common form of business investment.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
50. A
Check processing. The technology of electronic funds transfer makes it possible for customers to pay invoices electronically so the cash is transferred from their bank account to the business's bank account. This eliminates the need for the business to handle checks, fill out deposit slips, and send the checks to the bank for processing. The cash is available immediately, and the business does not need to wait for a check to be processed before it can access the funds. The use of electronic funds transfer to collect accounts receivable does not eliminate liquidity reporting, sales discounting, or payee outsourcing.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 242-245). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
51. D
$24,180. A business's balance sheet shows the business's financial condition at a certain point in time. It includes all assets, liabilities, and the owner's equity. Total liabilities the debts the business owes include items such as accounts payable, salaries, taxes, and long-term notes such as mortgages. Total liabilities do not include cash or machinery and equipment, which are considered assets. To calculate the business's total liabilities, add the figures for accounts payable, taxes, and salaries ($15,125 + $2,775 + $6,280 = $24,180).
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: FI LAP 10 The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
52. D
Dividends paid. Retained earnings are the income that a corporation keeps after paying dividends to its stockholders. This amount, which includes any forwarding balance of retained earnings from the previous accounting period, is reported on the company's statement of equity, which is also called the statement of retained earnings. The depreciation of assets, sales tax payable, and bad or uncollectible debt are not included on the statement of equity.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). Statement of retained earnings. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/yourfinancialposition/tp/Statement_Retained_Earnings.htm
53. B
Capturing the business's day-to-day financial activities. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Managerial accounting primarily focuses on capturing, maintaining, and interpreting the business's accounting information for internal use and decision making. Managerial accounting often summarizes information about the business's day-to-day financial activities, such as sales transactions (accounts receivable) and the monies the business owes others (accounts payable). Financial accounting focuses on capturing, maintaining, preparing, and reporting financial information to external audiences. Examples of financial accounting activities include preparing tax data for the government and developing the annual report for the business's stakeholders. The annual report usually contains information about the business's long-term investment goals.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary.com. (2015). Management accounting. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/management-accounting.html
54. A
Allocation. Cost allocation is the assignment of costs to cost objects, such as a project, a department, a customer, etc. The company in this example allocates the cost of its new software system to two departments. This is not considered cost accumulation, dividing, or precision.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2015). What is cost allocation? Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-cost-allocation
55. B
Purchasing a second location. If a business has been running successfully for several years, it may be in the expansion stage of its lifecycle. This could mean that the company would consider purchasing a second location. The company would acquire start-up funds, decide on financial goals, and determine product prices at a much earlier stage in development.
SOURCE: FI:339
SOURCE: Ryan, K. (2015, March 23). The 4 stages of the business lifecycle and how to recognize what you need next. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.roseryan.com/blog/2015/03/the-4-stages-of-the-business-lifecycle/
56. C
They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount. A downside of acquiring capital through debt financing is that the borrower must pay interest on the money borrowed. This means that John and Damien will end up owing more than the amount of money they initially borrowed. In equity financing, stocks are sold to shareholders and those shareholders own a stake in the company. Damien and John would not be required to repay the money immediately.
SOURCE: FI:340
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). How does a company choose between debt and equity in its capital structure? Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032515/how-does-company-choose-betweendebt-and-equity-its-capital-structure.asp
57. B
Vertical. Three common types of financial statement analysis are vertical analysis, horizontal analysis, and ratio analysis. When conducting vertical analysis, an individual calculates each individual item on a financial statement as a percentage of the total. After doing so, the analyst can develop common-size financial statements that allow him/her to compare performance across several years for a single company or across several different companies. Horizontal analysis, which is sometimes known as trend analysis, involves analyzing dollar amounts on financial statements for a single company across several years. Horizontal analysis does not involve the development of common-size financial statements. Ratio analysis involves the calculation of ratios based on a company's financial data. It allows analysts to compare numbers within a financial statement and determine the relationships among numbers on different financial statements. It can also be used to compare the performance of multiple companies.
SOURCE: FI:334
SOURCE: eNotes.com. (n.d.). Financial statement analysis. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.enotes.com/business-finance-encyclopedia/financial-statement-analysis/
58. A
Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Three main elements are included on the balance sheet assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Available cash is one part of the business's total assets. If the assets do not equal the liabilities when the liabilities are added to the owner's equity (Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity), information on the balance sheet is incorrect.
SOURCE: FI:335
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2015). Balance sheet (explanation). Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/balance-sheet/explanation/3
59. B
$7,111.75. To determine how much you should invest today, calculate the present value of your Number of Years investment using the formula Present Value = Future Value / (1 + Interest Rate) . So, the 3 present value of your investment is equal to $8,000 / (1 + 0.04) . To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1 + 0.04 = 1.04). Next, raise this sum to the third power, which is the same as 3 multiplying the sum by itself three times (1.04 = 1.04 X 1.04 X 1.04 = 1.1249). Finally, divide the future value of your investment by this product ($8,000 / 1.1249 = $7,111.75). To have $8,000 in three years, you need to invest $7,111.75 today.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Garrison, S. (n.d.). Time value of money: Self-paced overview. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.studyfinance.com/lessons/timevalue/index.mv
60. D
Make appropriate business decisions. Businesses track a variety of accounting and financial data. The data are presented as information to businesspeople to evaluate and to make business decisions. In order for businesspeople to make sound business decisions, the financial data must be accurate, current, and relevant. Making a decision based on incorrect or outdated data could be very costly to a business. Businesses use project-management software to track projects. Businesses implement effective financial-information management processes to be in compliance with government regulations. Businesses evaluate, rather than revise, economic indicators.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 341-342). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
61. C
An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information. Businesses have an ethical duty to protect their clients' financial information. Businesses must develop and implement procedures that reduce the risk of theft or unauthorized access to confidential financial information by internal and external sources. Verifying the accuracy of financial statements, requesting financial information to process a loan, and examining financial records to develop a budget are necessary and ethical practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 339). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. D
The people who need it. By limiting access to those who use or need it, confidential data are more secure and are less likely to be seen or modified by unauthorized people. Computer passwords are common methods of limiting access to certain computer data. Top-level management usually develops or approves the policies that determine who can access certain data. Mid-level managers usually need access to certain types of business data, but not all of it. Customers are often able to access some data about their personal accounts online.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Indiana University. (2012, October 9). What is the principle of least privilege? Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://kb.iu.edu/data/amsv.html
63. D
Debt modeling. Some budgeting software applications include a debt modeling tool which allows the user to assess the potential impact of loans and lines of credit. To use the debt modeling tool, the user would input the terms of the loan or line of credit, including the interest rate, term, principal, etc. Decision trees are a data-mining technique commonly used to classify data and build models. Environmental scanning involves gathering information about the environment surrounding a business, analyzing that information, and determining the future impact of that information on the business. Zero-based budgeting is a method of budgeting that requires a manager to demonstrate the need for every expense instead of relying on figures from a previous period.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Software Advice. (n.d.). PlanGuru software. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.softwareadvice.com/accounting/planguru-profile/
64. B
Cash flow. Computer applications aid businesses in analyzing many types of financial issues. Businesses often want to evaluate the changes in their cash position. To evaluate changes in cash position, the business would analyze its cash flow. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of the business. Evaluating cash flow helps the business forecast and determine the amount of cash it has to work with at any given time. Expenses are cash outflows and are one aspect of analyzing the business's cash flow. Fixed costs are expenses that are not affected by changes in sales volume. Analyzing performance may involve evaluating the productivity and efficiency of different resources (e.g., human, materials, equipment).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy. (2013). Financial reporting analysis module reference. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www2.microstrategy.com/producthelp/9.3.1/manuals/en/FRAMref.pdf
65. B
Debt ratio. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a bank reviews the loan applicant's debt ratio before approving the loan. The debt ratio indicates the applicant's current level of debt in relation to his/her current assets (e.g., income, home). If the applicant has a high level of outstanding debt and few liquid assets, the applicant is more likely to default on the loan. In this situation, the applicant would most likely be denied the loan. The bank may consider the economy's inflation rate in relation to the applicant's debt ratio when evaluating the loan application. The bank is not likely to consider the applicant's brand preferences or performance goals.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
66. C
Determining need. The first task in the HR management activity of staffing is determining need. A company cannot fill job positions with appropriate employees until it knows exactly where human resources are lacking. Determining job descriptions, recruiting, and screening and selecting applicants are all staffing activities that occur after need has been determined.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. A
There is a greater emphasis on personal selling in business-to-business marketing. In consumer marketing, the emphasis is on promotion and advertising; in B2B marketing, however, there is a greater emphasis on personal selling. Businesses tend to buy products that are more technical in nature than consumer products. Businesses also tend to buy in bulk more than individual consumers do. Both business customers and individual consumers care about service, but it tends to be more important to businesses.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: MK LAP 6 Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
68. D
An opinion. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. Amy is stating her opinion about why sales varied from one year to another. Her opinion may be supported by facts (true data), but she isn't presenting any data current or historical in her statement. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Amy is stating her opinion as criticism, which involves expressing disapproval.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2014, January 1). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
69. C
Computer systems. Computer systems consist of the hardware and software components that enable computers to function. One of their purposes is to store information for future use. Scanners are input devices that can read text or illustrations on paper and translate the information into a form the computer can use. The scanner itself does not store information, but enables computers to store it. Display screens, or monitors, display the characters being keyed into the computer; they are not storage devices. Firewalls protect a business's computer system from unauthorized use by others (e.g., hackers).
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2013). Parts of a computer. Retrieved September 15, 2015 from http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/parts-of-a-computer
70. D
Browser bookmarking applications. Browsers are computer software that retrieve information from the World Wide Web. Browsers have bookmarking applications that allow computer users to select websites and store their URLs on a personal computer for easy access in the future. Bookmarking applications allow users to organize sites by categories by placing them into folders on a computer. Notebooks are not online tools. An intranet is an internal network similar to the Internet that is accessible only by authorized employees. A word-processing memo template formats a type of written message.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Boswell, W. (2015). What is a bookmark? Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://websearch.about.com/od/2/g/bookmarks.htm
71. D
Sales are expected to increase by 5%. Spreadsheet software programs allow businesses to use a computer to perform accounting and other financial calculations. An advantage of using a spreadsheet program is that a business can make various assumptions about sales and find out quickly what effect they will have on its financial situation. For example, a business could change the level of sales by different percentages, such as 5% or 10%, to find out the effect that would have on net income. The spreadsheet program automatically does the calculations. Although keeping appointments might lead to sales, a salesperson would likely not use a spreadsheet program to track appointments. Mailing labels are generated with database programs. Database programs are also used to track customers' purchases.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. B
Date/Time stamp. The date/time stamp enables a business to identify the date and time that a particular record was added to the database. This can help a business track employees' keying activities and track when customers are added to the database. The validation-rules application enables a database developer to restrict how and/or what data can be keyed in a particular database field. The data replication application involves copying data from one database to another. This enables users to access the data they need to perform their tasks without interfering with others' work. The sort application enables users to view only the data they need to view, such as orders placed on a particular date.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (n.d.). How to add a date or time stamp to an Access 2010 database table. Retrieved March 16, 2015, from http://databases.about.com/od/tutorials/ht/Access_2010_Timestamps.htm
73. D
Business. The primary function of record keeping is to provide information that indicates the status of the business. In other words, record keeping provides information about what is happening with the business, such as whether it is making a profit or it is spending too much on expenses. The records that a business keeps are not designed to provide information about what is happening with the economy, the country, or the industry. However, the business's records might reflect current economic or industry trends.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
74. C
Demand for skilled nursing care rises as the population ages. The impact of demographics (the age of the population) on a specific industry (health care) shows that businesses have unique relationships with their environments. The aging of the population affects other industries, but perhaps not as directly as it does health care. An economy phasing through the business cycle and a shift in social/cultural attitudes are examples of how environmental factors are dynamic. New technology causing new laws to be enacted is an example of how environmental factors are interrelated.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
75. C
7. Central tendency refers to a type of average. Mode is a measure of central tendency and is the number that appears most frequently in a group of numbers. A business might determine the mode so it can identify the most common responses for questions appearing on a customer survey. The business assigns a numerical value to each response option on the survey. For example, the response, "extremely satisfied with service," might have a value of nine. To determine the mode, count the number of times each value appears (3 appears 1 time; 5 appears 2 times; 9 appears 3 times; and 7 appears 4 times). The highest number of times a number appears is the mode (7).
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
There are ways to reduce accident risk. Although you can't prevent every accident from happening, there are things your company can (and should!) do to reduce accident risk. For example, to minimize trips and falls you should keep all floors clean, mop up spills, and make sure that ice outdoors is treated or removed. Workplace accidents cannot be predicted they can happen to anyone at any time. Although you cannot predict accidents, you can prepare for them by having an accident plan in place. Accidents can occur at any workplace, not just in factories.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Durham, Jeff. (2015, August 6). Common accidents at work. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.safeworkers.co.uk/CommonWorkPlaceAccidents.html
77. B
Poorly defined goals. Poorly defined project goals are one of the many challenges that project managers routinely face. A surplus of resources would be a good thing, as would a lack of risk! Laws and regulations may affect business projects, but they typically don't pose a challenge.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
78. C
Schedules. When planning a project, businesses often develop schedules to identify what tasks need to be done and how long it will take to perform those tasks. The use of schedules helps a business to organize work and establish completion dates to make sure the work is done on time. Scheduling an effective use of time helps a business to achieve the objectives, or goals, of the project. Policies are guidelines that businesses follow when making decisions about projects. Objectives, policies, and guidelines are other project-planning tools, but they do not involve planning the use of time.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Everard, K.E. (2008). Business principles and management(12th ed.) [pp. 329-331]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
79. C
Identifying cost-savings opportunities for the current project. A post-implementation review is conducted after a project is finished. Therefore, there is not an opportunity to save money on the current project. There is an opportunity to identify ways to improve future projects, such as cost-savings measures, improving project planning methods, and improving the processes used by the company.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Smith, E. (2015). Key activity in closing out a project. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/key-activity-closing-out-project-35457.html
80. D
Controlling costs increases competitiveness. Effective purchasing controls costs, which enables businesses to lower selling prices. For example, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan can often produce for less. American companies must reduce costs to be competitive in such world markets. Good relations with vendors and suppliers are important but do not reduce prices. Maintaining quality standards is a production goal.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2 Buy Right (Purchasing)
81. B
Reduce costs. It is often more costly not to provide quality than to use methods to increase quality. If businesses develop a reputation of providing low quality goods and services, they may lose customers, which is costly. Therefore, it is to the business's advantage to use quality control methods so the work will be done correctly rather than spend money to correct mistakes, handle customer complaints, and find new customers. Using quality control methods involves time, but it is time well spent to reduce the cost of correcting mistakes. Using quality control methods usually decreases waste. Some quality control methods might require directions which could be a disadvantage.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [p. 293]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
82. C
Committed and involved and take responsibility for quality. Executive-level managers are both committed and involved. They take responsibility for quality and do not delegate that responsibility. This is a characteristic shared by organizations with a quality culture. The alternatives remove the responsibility for quality from the executive-level manager and delegate it to others.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Kotelnikov, V. (n.d.) Six Sigma—New approach to quality management and efficiency improvement. Retrieved June 28, 2010, from http://www.1000ventures.com/business_guide/mgmt_quality_six_sigma.html
83. D
Raises your level of self-esteem. Raising your self-esteem increases your self-confidence and encourages you to go on to achieve other goals. Achieving one goal has raised Joan's level of selfesteem so that she feels capable of reaching a higher goal. Goal setting helps you understand yourself, stay on task, and measure your progress, but these benefits were not described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
84. C
Self-esteem. Self-esteem is the regard or respect that you have for yourself. People who have selfesteem understand themselves and like who they are. Social acceptance involves being accepted by others. Safety is associated with personal security and protection from harm. Self-fulfillment involves personal growth, achievement, and reaching one's fullest potential.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Ponton, L. (2013). Building self-esteem. Psych Central. Retrieved on September 22, 2015, from http://psychcentral.com/lib/building-self-esteem/
85. B
Corporate finance. Diana's job preparing bills and invoices for her company is in the area of corporate finance. The corporate finance function in a company is to manage policy and strategy for (and the implementation of) capital structure, budgeting, acquisition and investment, financial modeling and planning, funding, dividends, and taxation. Diana's career is not in the area of marketing communications, securities and investments, or professional selling. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience of ideas, experiences, goods/services, and/or images. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15 Go For It! (Careers in Business)
86. B
"I was seeking a more responsible job." This is a positive response which indicates that the applicant is interested in getting ahead and is willing to accept additional responsibility. A job applicant should not make negative remarks about his/her previous employer(s) or coworkers. Even though all of the other alternatives could be true statements, they are negative and will reflect poorly on the job applicant.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. A
Underwriter. The work of underwriters is important to the insurance industry. Underwriters are responsible for calculating the risk of loss, establishing premium rates, and designing policies to cover risk. Many choose to specialize in life insurance, health insurance, or property and casualty insurance. Insurance agents are responsible for selling insurance policies and other financial services. Accountants are responsible for preparing, analyzing, and verifying a variety of financial data. Financial analysts evaluate companies and industries and make recommendations to buy, sell, or hold certain securities. Financial analysts are also known as securities analysts or investment analysts.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: PD LAP 20 Career Opportunities in Finance
88. C
Stakeholders'. Corporate governance is the system of rules and practices that control the company. Corporate governance revolves around balancing the desires of the stakeholders in a company. Corporate governance is not just concerned with the CEO's or vendors' desires; instead, it focuses on the desires of all stakeholders, including customers, financiers, the community, the government, and managers. Corporate governance is not necessarily concerned with a company's competitors' desires.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Corporate governance. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
89. A
It encourages transparency. Corporate governance creates a more transparent business environment, which can increase investor confidence, create a defined brand, and minimize corruption.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2013). Corporate governance-Definition, scope, benefits. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
90. A
Independent thinking. It is important for members of a corporation's board of directors to be able to think independently. This involves questioning current policies and proposed actions so that the board as a whole acts in the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders. Board members should also be open-minded and willing to listen to suggestions and different opinions so they can make informed, thoughtful decisions. Conformity often involves following or agreeing with others to "fit in" with the group. Conformity can lead to decision-making practices that do not look out for the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Hoban, M. (2013, March 8). Outstanding directors: The five essential traits for great directors. Retrieved March 10, 2015, from http://www.bizjournals.com/baltimore/printedition/2013/03/08/outstanding-directors-the-five.html
91. A
Chief executive officer. The board of directors is the group of people chosen to govern the activities of a corporation. The board members are elected by the corporation's shareholders. The corporation's chief executive officer (CEO) reports directly to the board of directors. The vice president of operations is most likely to report to the CEO. The accounting manager and director of marketing are mid-level managers. The accounting manager is most likely to report to the vice president of finance, and the director of sales is most likely to report to the vice president of marketing.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). The basics of corporate structure. Retrieved March 10, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/03/022803.asp
92. A
Volunteering. Volunteer work involves donating time without pay to complete tasks or projects. Because Ryan is tutoring in his free time, he is performing volunteer work. By volunteering to tutor students, Ryan can determine if he enjoys working with and teaching young children. Participating in these activities may help Ryan determine if he would like to pursue a career in teaching. Internships involve training in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job practice for learners. Job shadowing involves observing an individual perform his/her daily job activities in the workplace. An informational interview involves talking with a business professional about his/her job.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Preston, K. (2014, October 6). 4 ways to gain job experience. Retrieved September 6, 2015, from http://www.fastweb.com/career-planning/articles/the-4-ways-to-gain-job-experience
93. C
False, organizations/associations often can change unfavorable regulations to more favorable ones. Once legislation becomes law, administrative rules are often adopted to enable the regulatory agency to enforce the law. Organizations/Associations frequently are able to change unfavorable regulations to more favorable ones by serving as liaison between the industry or profession and the regulatory agency.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (2015). Trade associations as Washington, D.C., lobbyists. Retrieved September 22, 2015, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/trade-associations-aswashington-dc-lobbyists.html
94. C
Implement a referral system. A referral is a recommendation given to an individual or business by another individual or business. For example, satisfied clients may refer their friends, family, or colleagues to their financial planners for financial advice. This is one way that businesspeople working in the financial industry can build professional relationships. A financial planner may implement a referral system or program to encourage clients or associates to provide referrals. A referral system might involve giving a free consultation or discount to a client who has provided the financial planner with a lucrative referral. Reading about industry trends and printing new business cards are not actions that build professional relationships. The finance professional must take action on the trends s/he has researched and distribute the business cards to others to begin building professional relationships. Because financial information is personal and confidential, people are usually selective with whom they share their information.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Yokam, C. (n.d.). How to build business relationships. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4488222_build-business-relationships.html
95. A
Whistleblower. One way to manage potential risks resulting from unethical conduct is to build an internal infrastructure that promotes and enforces ethical practices and offers incentives to behave ethically. This internal infrastructure typically includes appropriate audit procedures, a code of conduct, a committee to develop the code, training for employees about the code, and a whistleblower policy. A whistleblower policy encourages and enables employees to report unethical behavior or actions without fear of negative repercussions such as demotion or firing. A credit policy is a guideline for a business to follow in controlling the use of payment plans that allow customers to purchase now and pay later. Monetary policy is the government policy that determines the amount of money that will be in circulation and the level of interest rates. Constituent policies are public policies that apply to the government or nation as a whole. Constituent policies include national security, foreign affairs, diplomacy, etc.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Francis, R. & Armstrong, A. (n.d.). Ethics as a risk management strategy: The Australian experience. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://eprints.vu.edu.au/777/1/JBEthicsRisk.pdf
96. D
Contingency plans. A contingency plan is an alternative course of action. A contingency plan states specific guidelines that a business uses when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses often use computer software programs to obtain numerical data about their levels of risk in different areas of the business. They use this information to make business decisions and to help them develop alternative action plans when circumstances occur that increase or decrease risk at a given time. Content theories are theories of motivation that focus on internal needs, drives, and incentives that cause people to behave in a certain manner. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. Governments develop monetary and fiscal regulations. Risk management software programs do not help businesses develop content theories, endorsement records, and fiscal policies.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Manktelow, J. (1996-2015). Contingency planning: Developing a good "plan B." Retrieved September 10, 2015, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newLDR_51.htm
97. A
Reduces tax due on the captive's premiums. Even if it is not associated with an insurance company, an individual company, industry, or association may create a captive insurance company to specifically protect its parent group(s). The captive insurer aids its parent group(s) by reducing premium expenses, freeing up capital, and covering risks not commonly addressed by the greater insurance company. In addition, forming a captive insurance company can reduce, eliminate, or defer federal taxes due on the corporation's insurance premiums. A captive insurer typically decreases the tax due on a company's loss reserves. Forming a captive insurance company does not typically increase the corporation's sales tax liabilities, nor does it eliminate the corporation's state tax liabilities.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Bertucelli, R.E. (2013, March 1). The benefits of captive insurance companies. Retrieved September 15, 2015, from http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/Issues/2013/Mar/20126102.htm
98. A
Internal expertise. An important aspect of controlling online risk is making sure that customers' transactions are secure. Online transactions require customers to provide confidential information (e.g. credit card numbers), so businesses must have the technological tools and expertise to prevent unauthorized access to the information. If a business does not have employees with the expertise to work with this technology, the business should consider hiring a consultant or firm that has the knowledge and training to handle its technological needs. Outsourcing requires a business to have the money (financial resources) to pay for the services. Secondary data are facts and figures that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Corporate Computer Services, Inc. (2015). IT outsourcing: The reasons, risks, and rewards. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from http://www.corpcomputerservices.com/articles/outsourcing-reasons
99. A
Most risks are predictable and manageable. Enterprise risk management is important and helpful because most business risks are predictable and manageable. If a company can plan for risks, it can minimize its losses. Although some risks are surprises, most of them are not. Not managing risks can cause loss of shareholder value. ERM should reduce business costs in the long run by helping a business avoid or manage risks that could lose money.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Thomson Reuters. (n.d.). Practical guidance: Seven steps for effective enterprise risk management. Retrieved September 10, 2015, from https://web.actuaries.ie/sites/default/files/ermresources/233_Seven_Steps_to_Enterprise_Risk_Management.pdf
100. C
To have realistic expectations for workers. Even though managers don't do the actual jobs, it is important for managers to understand the jobs of the workers they supervise. This helps managers to know how workers should do the work, to be realistic in the amount of work they expect workers to complete, or even to fill in when workers are absent or there is an emergency situation of some kind. Managers do not need to know how to do the work to establish a chain of command. Coordinating employees' efforts and creating a team spirit are managerial responsibilities that improve the output of workers but are not related to managers' knowledge of the jobs to be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1143
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
Ensure that it is following government regulations. Government regulations affect the way that businesses record and report financial data. To ensure that the business is following all of the regulations, it should conduct a compliance audit. Because a comprehensive compliance audit can detect discrepancies, it can help a business determine what it needs to do to correct a problem, so it can comply with regulations. It is unethical and often illegal to manipulate financial data in ways that aim to mislead the audience. Developing efficient production processes and evaluating vendors' performance are not reasons for conducting a compliance audit.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Lohrey, J. (n.d.). Compliance audit objectives. Retrieved March 9, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/compliance-audit-objectives-78248.html
2. C
Master-servant. In legal terms, the master-servant relationship refers to the amount of control that a principal (e.g., employer or client) has over an agent (e.g., employee or attorney). Determining if a master-servant relationship exists is an important consideration when addressing a business's legal issues and disputes, especially in cases that involve liability questions. Factors that determine if a master-servant relationship exists include the nature of the agent's work, the level of the agent's control (e.g., decision making), and the agent's level of supervision. Tutor-student, principal-collaborator, and controller-associate are not terms that are widely used to describe agency relationships in law.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 642]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. D
Administrative. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. Most governmental agencies have an effect on business in some manner, such as issuing licenses or prohibiting unfair trade practices. Administrative law implements the rules and regulations, which also involves resolving disputes. Statutory, commercial, and procedural are not types of law that enforce the rules and regulations of governmental agencies.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School. (2016). Administrative law. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/administrative_law
4. A
Sole proprietorship. One of the disadvantages of a sole proprietorship is that the owner is personally responsible for all the debts of the business. Two or more people share the risk of loss in a general partnership, and corporations spread the risk of loss among many investors. Private enterprise is not a form of business ownership. It is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
5. A
Acting in the best interests of their clients. In the financial industry, a fiduciary is a financial professional who has been given legal authority to make financial transactions on behalf of an individual or business— the owner of the financial product (e.g., stock). Because the fiduciary has been given legal authority to act on behalf of a client, s/he must act in the best interest of the client. Fiduciary responsibility involves making wise financial decisions and obtaining financial products that will help the client achieve his/her financial goals. A fiduciary does not focus on selling products that generate the highest commissions or make risky investments without the client's knowledge. A responsible, ethical fiduciary is transparent and trustworthy and continuously communicates with her/his clients rather than communicating with them only once a year.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Sais, J., & Sais, M. (2016). Meeting your fiduciary responsibility. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/08/fiduciaryresponsiblity.asp?ad=dirN&qo=investopediaSiteSearch&qsrc=0&o=40186
6. A
Charitable donation. Gifts are money, financial products, or property given to an individual or organization. Some gifts, such as charitable donations, are tax deductible. This means that the donor pays a reduced amount of tax or is exempt from paying the tax, depending on the type and value of the gift. Vacation homes, stocks, and inherited items are taxable gifts.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2014, October 24). Frequently asked questions on gift taxes. Retrieved October 5, 2014, from http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=108139,00.html#3
7. D
Comparative reasoning. A virtual auditor, which is a type of compliance technology, uses multiple reasoning processes to continuously review financial transactions and processes to identify errors and/or compliance violations. Comparative reasoning is used to identify financial system transactions that are very similar to each other but not exactly alike. For example, after identifying two close matches, comparative reasoning is used to determine if one transaction was entered multiple times or if the two entries in the system are for two separate transactions. Contextual reasoning is used to consider each financial transaction's circumstances and how they compare to historical patterns in the system. Temporal reasoning involves considering the timing of a financial transaction. Cross-source reasoning is used to compare financial transactions and processes in multiple financial systems.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Master Control Inc. (2016). Virtual audit. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.mastercontrol.com/audit-management/virtual.html
8. D
Poor lighting and noise. Environmental distractions, such as poor lighting or noise, are aspects of the setting that take away from a listener's ability to listen. The speaker's appearance, manner, and personal matters that cause us to worry may also be distractions, but they are not part of the environment.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: ChangingMinds.org. (2016). Environmental factors. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://changingminds.org/techniques/listening/environmental_factors.htm
9. D
Feels uncomfortable or unhappy with the idea of helping Chris. People's nonverbal communication is often just as important as their verbal communication. This is especially true in business. Ali may say that she will help Chris with his project, but he should also note the cues she is sending him with her body language. Even though she agrees verbally, the body language she's using (a frown, crossed arms, and no eye contact) likely means that she does not want to help him. She is probably not happy or comfortable with the idea of helping Chris. Chris should not assume that Ali's body language isn't communicating any message.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Aarini, R. (1999-2016). How to read the body language of customers. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_7251395_read-body-languagecustomers.html#ixzz0wKYuT67P.
10. B
Use visuals. It is often more difficult to give verbal directions than to provide written directions unless the information is fairly simple or familiar to the audience. To overcome the problem of giving verbal directions, it is often helpful to use visuals such as diagrams or charts. The visuals reinforce the verbal directions and help the audience to understand the explanation. It is not helpful to speak softly, use complex words, or limit body language when giving verbal directions. These actions may make it more difficult for the audience to understand the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Nelson-Sargeant, S. (2002-2015). Using visual cues to communicate and give directions. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.nea.org/tools/using-visual-cues-tocommunicate-and-give-directions.html
11. C
Ask questions to clarify other participants' comments. Asking clarifying questions assists the entire group in learning about the topic. No one in the group knows everything about the topic. Talking together through tough subjects and sharing diverse viewpoints is the purpose of working as a group. Similarly, she should attempt to assist the group that she has been chosen for instead of asking to be removed. This is not the right time to take a leadership role, which should be assumed by the person who knows the most about—or has the most experience with—the subject.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: My English Guru. (2013). Tips for participating in a group discussion. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.myenglishguru.com/skills/speaking/group-discussion.html
12. D
Rehearsing helps the speaker improve the delivery of the message. Rehearsing the presentation provides the speaker with an opportunity to make sure that s/he is speaking at the appropriate pitch. It is also a chance to monitor nonverbal behavior such as distractive gestures or mannerisms (e.g., swaying). Presentation rehearsal allows the speaker to time the presentation and decide what revisions are needed before the final event. Presentation notes are developed before rehearsal. The accuracy of the message content should be verified at the time the presentation is developed. Verbal feedback from the intended audience is provided at the final event, not at the rehearsal.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Boundless. (2016). The importance of rehearsing. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://www.boundless.com/communications/textbooks/boundless-communicationstextbook/delivering-the-speech-12/rehearsing-the-speech-67/the-importance-of-rehearsing265-7315/
13. D
Editing. During the editing stage of the writing process, you give your words and sentences a close look and correct any grammar, punctuation, and spelling mistakes. Revising comes before editing and involves making bigger changes, such as rearranging or removing whole sections of writing.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Hale, A. (2014). The writing process. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.dailywritingtips.com/the-writing-process/
14. B
Clear, concise, and error free. An executive summary is a section of a formal report that highlights the most important information that appears in the body of the document. A well-written executive summary should be clear, concise, and error free. An executive summary should be easy to read and simple to understand. Because an executive summary is part of a formal report, it should follow a formal format. An executive summary does not need to be creative—its primary purpose is to inform the reader about essential facts.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2016). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.skillsyouneed.com/write/executive-summary.html
15. C
Businesses. Reduced complaints, repeat business, and greater profits are normally the results of having a customer-service mindset. Benefits to the employees may include promotions or raises. Benefits to the customers would include having a more satisfactory experience with the business. Competitors would not benefit from another business practicing a customer-service mindset.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CR LAP 4—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
16. D
Salesperson. The salesperson is the point of contact for customers in most situations. If the problem originated on the sales floor, the salesperson would be the person most likely to be approached by the customer about the problem. The sales manager might help the salesperson, if necessary, but the store owner would seldom be involved. The buyer would be familiar with the merchandise but would not be likely to come into contact with the customer. All complaints should be handled with the customer in mind.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
17. B
Training its employees. A company's image, or brand, is the way a person or group views the company; it's the combined impressions and experiences associated with the company. The manner in which employees perform their tasks affects the way people view the company. For example, a business that wants to portray an upscale image might train its employees to respond and service customers in a specific way or by following a set of procedures. To reinforce the upscale image, the business might require an employee to greet the customer in a certain way, provide extra amenities, wear certain apparel, or follow certain cleaning procedures to maintain the facility. Although it is important for a business to develop a financial plan, conduct a competitive analysis, and identify necessary resources, these activities do not directly affect how employees convey a certain image.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 238-239]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
18. C
Understand the potential risks and rewards of different financial products. Ethical financial services providers act in the best interest of their clients. To act in the best interest of their clients, financial services providers consider their clients' individual financial needs, wants, capabilities, and limitations and present appropriate investment options to them. Financial services providers also should communicate the rewards and risks associated with various financial instruments so their clients fully understand their options. It is unethical to suggest that clients make a high-risk investment if they cannot afford it. A diversified portfolio does not invest over half of a person's money in one financial product. Hedge funds are exclusive investment partnerships that typically require a large minimum investment. Because markets are constantly changing, it is not feasible to plan future investments for money that is not available.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Cussen, M. (2016, July 12). Ethical issues for financial advisors. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/financialcareers/08/ethics-foradvisors.asp#axzz1mHr6uWWK
19. C
To maintain a useful customer database. The data-cleansing process removes duplicate records, updates expired data, and completes incomplete data fields. An effective data cleansing will result in a database that contains useful, relevant, and accurate data. Having a "clean" database helps the organization process good information to make sound business decisions. Businesses use a variety of security software and procedures to control employees' access to their intranets and to monitor security breaches. Businesses do not use data-cleansing processes to correct non-response errors on surveys.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: NEDCAR (2016, August 29). Purpose of data cleaning. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from www.nedarc.org/tutorials/analyzingData/cleanTheData/purposeDataCleaning.html
20. B
Shopping. Shopping goods are consumer products that are purchased by consumers after comparing products and stores to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items used in the production of goods and services. Convenience goods and services are purchased quickly and without much thought or effort by ultimate consumers. Specialty goods are consumer products with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
21. C
Relative. Relative prices come into play when both wages and prices rise or fall at the same rate, so that consumers are willing to pay the new price. Competitive prices are about equal to or lower than those of a business's competitors. Unfair prices are either too high for the good or service provided, or too low in comparison to those of competitors. Objective prices are fair and reasonable, relating strictly to the value of the product.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
22. B
Charity. A business's philanthropic responsibility involves its contributions to charity. Philanthropic responsibility is part of a business's overall social responsibility. It does not relate to political campaigns, scientific research, or the economy.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 106—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
23. C
Pure and speculative. Pure risks are risks that carry with them the possibility of loss or no loss. Speculative risks are those risks that may result in a loss, no change, or a gain. Fires and floods are two types of natural risks. Theft and death are types of human risks. Incompetence and carelessness of workers are also human risks.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
24. D
Cut wages. According to the classical theory of unemployment, the best solution for unemployment is to cut wages. If wages aren't allowed to rise too high, the cycle of unemployment will be stopped in its tracks. For classical economists, increasing prices, encouraging spending, and decreasing inflation are not preferred solutions for unemployment.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: EC LAP 29—Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
25. B
Absolute advantage. Countries should specialize in and trade those products in which they have an absolute advantage. Comparative advantage is achieved by a nation from specializing in and producing goods and services at which it is relatively most efficient. Trade surplus occurs when a nation's exports are greater than its imports. A quota is a trade restriction that limits the quantity of goods which can move in and out of a country.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (Global Trade)
26. D
It will decrease. A country's economic and political stability can affect the value of its currency. If a country is experiencing civil unrest, its political environment is volatile. Because foreign business partners and investors are uncertain about the country's future, they are likely to decrease their business activities, causing the country's currency value to decrease. The value of the currency in a politically unstable environment is not likely to increase, stabilize, or remain unaffected.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: Van Bergen, J. (2016, February 25). 6 factors that influence exchange rates. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/04/050704.asp
27. C
Wholly owned subsidiary. There are many ways to enter foreign markets. In the example, the business owner found an opportunity to expand by purchasing a small manufacturing plant in Thailand. By purchasing the plant, the business owner can produce goods at the plant and sell them in nearby foreign markets. The manufacturing plant is owned and controlled by the American parent company, so it is a wholly owned subsidiary. A joint venture or strategic alliance is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a short-term relationship by combining complementary resources such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels for the benefit of all parties. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee (separate entity or company) to distribute the parent company's goods or services. The manufacturing company is an intermediary used to move goods and services; however, it isn't independent because it is owned by the parent company.
SOURCE: EC:066
SOURCE: Hall, C.W. (2009). International business: Competing in the global marketplace (7th ed.) [pp. 500-501]. New York: McGraw Hill.
28. D
Industriousness. People who are industrious are energetic and hardworking on the job. This is closely related to their willingness to look for jobs to do. Rudeness and insecurity are negative characteristics that tend to prevent individuals from possessing initiative. Truthfulness is a good characteristic to possess, but it is not necessarily tied to initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
29. C
Treat them the way you want them to treat you. Regardless of where you are, your interactions should be respectful and kind. Sometimes coworkers, customers, and even managers can get on your nerves. It's part of human nature to get annoyed with others. Regardless, you should always treat the people around you the way you would want them to treat you—with dignity, care, and respect. Even if you're annoyed with some coworkers or customers, it would be unprofessional for you to avoid talking with them whenever possible, tell them to be quiet and stop bothering you, or complain about them during a staff meeting.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
30. B
Passed over for promotions. Most businesses try to act in an ethical manner, and they expect their employees to also behave ethically. Employees who behave unethically on the job may harm themselves by being passed over for promotions even if they are well qualified. Coworkers and supervisors often notice other employees' unethical behavior and may lose respect for them because of it. These employees may be passed over for promotions because their supervisors do not trust them to do the right thing, particularly in higher level positions that give them more authority. Employees are not harmed by attending training programs or being rotated to similar positions. Unethical behavior is not necessarily illegal.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
31. A
Resentment. Sara is experiencing resentment, or a feeling of bitterness that other people have treated her unfairly. People often become resentful when they fail to take responsibility for their decisions and actions because they have relinquished control of their lives to other people or outside circumstances. Denial is a refusal to accept the truth. Guilt or remorse is a negative feeling people experience when they've done something they shouldn't or not done something they should.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: EI LAP 75—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
32. B
Verbal communication. Writing a letter to your grandmother is an example of verbal communication. Verbal communication is the exchange of information through the use of words, including writing and speech. Writing a letter to your grandmother is different from speaking to her. Nonverbal communication is the exchange of information without the use of words, including body language, eye contact, and gestures. Writing a letter is not nonverbal communication because it involves the use of words.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2016). Verbal communication. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/verbal-communication.html
33. A
An employee tells a coworker how much the sales manager earned in bonuses last year. It is unethical for employees to discuss their own or anyone else's salaries with coworkers. Employees might become upset if they find out that other employees make a lot more money than they do. Discussing salaries can result in bad feelings, resentment, low morale, and reduced productivity. Providing an aging-accounts report and advising staff about an extended leave of absence are not unethical behaviors in relation to confidential information. While it is difficult to lay off staff during difficult financial times, it is often done, and it is not an unethical activity that relates to confidential information.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: ERC. (2013, December 2). What HR needs to keep confidential. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.yourerc.com/blog/post/What-HR-Needs-to-Keep-Confidential.aspx
34. C
Stress. Randall has a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension, also known as stress. Stress is the feeling you get when you're overwhelmed, overworked, or worried. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given period, usually their output per hour. Employee turnover is the rate at which a business gains and loses employees. Randall is not experiencing job satisfaction.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: EI LAP 25—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
35. B
Quality circle. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. A standing committee works together for a common purpose over a long period of time (e.g., three years). A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as planning a social event for employees. A product team consists of individuals who work together to develop, improve, and/or market a product.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: Inc.com. (n.d.). Quality circles. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/quality-circles.html
36. D
Listen actively to other group members. When sharing ideas, consensus-building group members should listen actively to other group members. This way, they can understand what's being discussed and may even build upon their own ideas. It's better to consider too many rather than too few ideas in the beginning. Group members shouldn't automatically reject ideas they don't understand—they may like the idea after it's explained to them. Group members shouldn't eliminate any ideas during the initial brainstorming and sharing session.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
37. A
Internet-based companies can easily become involved in international trade. A company that has a website can easily be found by people in foreign countries, and online services like eBay make international transactions easy to conduct. Small businesses represent a large majority of international trade. Freight-forwarding services are often used by companies, but they are not required. Foreign language skills may be helpful, but they are not required to conduct international trade since people in many countries speak more than one language and translation services exist.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Katz, J. & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 351-356]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
38. C
Revolving. A revolving credit account limits the total amount of money that may be owed. Revolving account customers who do not pay the full amount each month are charged interest on the unpaid balance. A budget credit plan is a short-term credit plan, typically for two to three months. An open (account) credit plan is a regular credit plan requiring payment in full at the end of each credit period. A coupon credit plan issues coupons to be paid for over a period of time and to be used by customers in making purchases.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
39. B
Life. An individual purchases life insurance to protect others (e.g., family members) from financial losses related to his/her death. Death benefits are often used to cover the beneficiaries' living expenses, education, etc. Worker's compensation insurance is insurance purchased by employers to provide benefits to employees who are injured on the job. An individual purchases liability insurance to cover costs associated with potential property losses or injuries due to negligence on the part of the insurance owner. Property insurance covers land and building losses.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 378]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
40. D
Track and record his expenses. Realistic personal budgets involve two important considerations—income (money Marcel receives) and expenses (money Marcel spends). It is important for Marcel to track his expenses because he needs to make sure that he has enough income to pay for his bills (e.g., rent, utilities, car). To track his spending, Marcel should record his expenses in a central location so he can see bill amounts and bill due dates. Recording and keeping receipts is also important for tax reporting purposes and for tax auditing situations. Developing a realistic budget does not always involve verifying a past credit rating or consulting with a bookkeeper. Marcel should develop a budget that will support his ability to pay his bills on time.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: PersonalBudgeting.com. (n.d.). Budgeting 101. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.personalbudgeting.com/budgeting-101/
41. B
The risk of the stock market. The risk of the stock market is not a key factor involved with compounding growth. Compounding growth is earning interest upon interest. The three key factors involved with compounding growth are the amount of money you invest, how long your money is invested, and how much your investment grows each year.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Compound annual growth rate. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cagr.asp
42. C
Transaction fees. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. It is important to make these comparisons to determine inconsistencies and mistakes. If a check is not recorded correctly, and if the mistake is not caught, the individual runs the risk of having insufficient funds in his/her checking account, which results in bounced checks. Some financial institutions charge transaction fees for checking accounts, so it is important to make sure that those fees are subtracted from the checking account balance. Accumulated interest and payroll deposits are added to the checking account balance rather than subtracted from it. Check numbers are not subtracted from the checkbook when reconciling bank statements and checkbook balances.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's edition (pp. 193-195). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
43. D
Help firms raise funds by issuing securities. Investment banks locate outside sources of money for firms. In most cases, investment banks help these businesses to raise funds by issuing securities (e.g., stocks and bonds). An investment company pools investors' funds and invests the funds based on the needs of the investors. Insurance companies collect premiums for their insurance products. A deposit-taking institution (e.g., bank, credit union) accepts deposits from savers and uses the deposits to offer loans to borrowers.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (p. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
44. C
Wheat, livestock, and corn. Commodities are raw, primary products which are typically categorized as energy, metals, and agricultural products. Agricultural products such as livestock (e.g., sheep, hogs, and cattle) and grains (e.g., wheat and corn) are agricultural products that are traded on commodity market exchanges. Grains are used to make cereal and bread; therefore, these items are not traded on commodity market exchanges.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: InvestingAnswers.com. (2016). Commodity. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investinganswers.com/financial-dictionary/commodities-preciousmetals/commodity-1035
45. D
Consolidating with larger banks. In recent years, many small banking institutions have consolidated or merged with larger banks in efforts to compete globally and improve efficiencies, viability, and profitability. Rapidly expanding operations without consolidating with a larger bank is usually not conceivable for a small banking institution. Following global regulations is important but not necessarily enough to compete successfully on a global level. A financial holding company is a large organization that owns most or all of the shares of individually incorporated subsidiaries that engage in other types of financial activities. Small banking institutions aren't likely to have the resources to be financial holding companies.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Ernest & Young. (2009, February 10). Ernest & Young—Assocham report stresses on consolidation in financial services. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.prlog.org/10180184-ernst-young-assocham-report-stresses-on-consolidation-infinancial-services.html
46. C
Increase. During an economic expansion, production, employment, income, sales, the demand for money, and interest rates rapidly increase. As a result, businesses borrow more money (at higher rates) to expand their operations. And, when businesses borrow more at higher interest rates, bond yields go up.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Peter Dag and Associates, Inc. (n.d.). Profitable relationships between economic indicators and financial markets. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.peterdag.com/s_files/O0Yp4aNtyV9X.pdf
47. A
Financial globalization. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. Free-flowing capital on an international level has led to the integration of financial markets, offering equal access to market participants, regardless of their home countries. Liberalization and financial product innovation (rather than investor innovation) are factors that have fueled the movement to financial globalization. Protectionism refers to government policies that aim to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition. Protectionism hinders the free flow of capital across national borders.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156 - 5-158). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
48. A
EDGAR. The section of the SEC website that houses companies' filings is called EDGAR, which stands for Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval. EDWIN, EDMUND, and EDWARD are not acronyms for anything on the SEC website.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2016). EDGAR. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/webusers.htm
49. C
Lowest paid price in 52 weeks. A securities or stock table is a format used to list stock quotes in newspapers and on websites. The table helps people monitor the performance of a company's stock. To analyze the volatility of stock, an investor or potential investor can compare the highest price paid with the lowest price paid within a 52-week period. If a stock's price rises or falls sharply, it is said to be volatile, which means investors can earn or lose a great deal of money by owning the stock. Rate of return is the reward or benefit received in return for an investment, recorded as a percentage of the investment. Price-earning ratio (PE) is the financial ratio that shows how much investors are willing to pay for each dollar of earnings. A dividend is a portion of a company's profits, paid to shareholders, usually on a quarterly basis. The rate of return, price-earnings ratio, and estimated dividends would not give investors enough information to analyze the stock's volatility.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Reading financial tables tutorial. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/tables/
50. B
Clear and consistent. The accounting function is responsible for collecting and reporting the business's financial information. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. By requiring businesses to follow the same standards and rules, financial reports are prepared in a consistent way, so the information is clear, objective, and transparent to all people who read and work with financial information. Subjective information is open for interpretation. Irrational information is not logical or meaningful to the reader. In other words, it is unclear.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: All Business Schools. (2016). Accounting is about more than crunching numbers: Learn what accountants do. Retrieved September 19, 2016, from http://www.allbusinessschools.com/accounting/job-description/
51. C
Owners. Stockholders, who have part ownership of a business, use the income statement to monitor the business's profit levels. Stockholders have money invested in the business and monitor how much profit the business is making to determine if they are getting a good return on their investment. Employees, customers, and managers are not stockholders of the business unless they have also invested money in the business.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
52. A
New investments by the owner. New investments or withdrawals by the owner are specifically represented on a statement of changes in an owner's equity document, as well as the business's net income or loss. Property taxes, depreciation of company assets, and lost revenue are considered when determining net income or loss, but they are not specifically listed on the statement of changes in an owner's equity document.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2012). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-year course) [pp. 228-231]. Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. B
Sunk cost. Sunk costs are costs that are incurred and cannot be recovered. In the situation described, the business spent money to train an employee who quit shortly thereafter. The business will not be able to recoup the training costs because the employee is no longer there to perform the work that s/he was trained to do. Training is an internal cost. Current assets include things such as inventory, cash, accounts receivable, etc. A capital liability is the responsibility incurred when purchasing a capital asset such as a building or a piece of equipment. This often involves borrowing a large amount of money to obtain the asset.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2016). What is a sunk cost? Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/what-is-a-sunk-cost.html
54. B
Incremental. Incremental analysis, sometimes called marginal or differential analysis, is used to analyze the financial information needed for decision making. Businesses use incremental analysis to study the revenues and costs of different alternatives, such as making a part in-house or buying it from an outside source. A trade-off analysis is conducted after a company has identified a range of options for addressing operations issues. A fishbone analysis is a graphic tool used to explore effects and the causes that create or contribute to those effects. A SWOT analysis involves analyzing the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of the organization or project. In this situation, an incremental analysis makes the most sense for the company's goals.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Udemy. (2014, March 24). Incremental analysis: A simple tool for powerful decision-making. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://blog.udemy.com/incremental-analysis/
55. A
Conducting a cost analysis and explaining the findings to management. Managerial accountants conduct many types of financial analyses. A cost analysis involves measuring direct expenses such as materials and labor and indirect expenses such as overhead costs in order to estimate the total cost of a project. Managerial accountants are responsible for explaining the findings of their analyses to management so that management can make informed financial decisions. Managerial accountants are strictly internal accountants, meaning their work is not typically released to the public. Managerial accountants do not make management decisions regarding planning, pricing, and sales—they simply inform and advise management on company finances. Managerial accountants do not train employees or management on personal financial literacy.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: All Business Schools. (2016). Role of the management accountant. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.allbusinessschools.com/accounting/common-questions/role-of-themanagement-accountant/
56. B
Purchase price. A variance is the difference between an established standard and the actual outcome. It is important for a business to monitor variances in the price of raw materials because they affect its bottom line. When a vendor increases the prices that it charges for raw materials, it costs the business (manufacturer) more money to produce an item. The business may need to find a vendor that charges less for the materials or parts, or it may need to increase its selling price—the amount that the business charges its customers for the finished good. Fixed overhead costs are expenses that do not change in relation to changes in sales volume and include things such as rent and employee salaries. Material yield analysis involves analyzing variances in the number of materials/products that are supposed to be used/sold with the actual number of materials/products that have been used/sold in a certain timeframe.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2014, May 7). What is variance analysis? Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/what-is-variance-analysis.html
57. B
A budget analysis provides an overview, while standard cost analysis shows the details of variances. When employees analyze a budget, they can determine overall variances in their projections; however, they cannot determine the causes (or the details) of the variances in projections. That information is provided by analyzing standard costs to determine whether too much money was paid for materials, too much time was spent on labor, materials were wasted, or the amount of inputs required differed from projections. This helps businesses pinpoint problems. Both budgets and standard costs deal with projected or forecasted amounts, quality and quantity considerations, and all staff involved in setting the projections.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Cliffs Notes. (2016). Standard costs. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/accounting/accounting-principles-ii/flexiblebudgets-and-standard-costs/standard-costs
58. B
Managerial. Managerial accounting involves obtaining and analyzing financial data, which the business can use to make decisions about how to operate the business. For example, businesses gather financial information to develop budgets to guide the business's operations. They also analyze costs in relation to profit in order to make decisions about which products to produce and sell. Accrual is a method of accounting that records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time. The focus of financial accounting is preparing information for external users. Equity is the net worth of the business.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Managerial accounting. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/managerialaccounting.asp
59. B
$282.23. Interest is the amount of money the investment issuer pays an investor for using the investor's money. Depending on the type of investment (e.g., savings account), interest is compounded at certain intervals (e.g., daily, quarterly, annually), which means that interest is earned upon the previous interest amount earned. In the example, the interest is compounded annually. To determine the value of Amelia's savings account after two years, first calculate the interest earned after the first year. Do this by multiplying the savings account deposit amount by the interest percentage rate, then add the interest amount earned to the savings account deposit amount ($250 x .0625 or 6.25% = $15.63; $250 + 15.63 = $265.63). After one year, the money is worth $265.63. Now, the interest begins to compound, and you must determine the value of the money in the savings account at the end of the second year. Do this by multiplying the savings account balance (amount) at the end of the first year by the interest percentage rate ($265.63 x .0625 or 6.25% = $16.60). Finally, add together the savings account balance (amount) at the end of the first year to the interest amount earned during the second year ($265.63 + $16.60 = $282.23).
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Roos, D. (2016). How interest rates work. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/interest-rate.htm
60. D
Forecast financial inflows and outflows. Financial information management has multiple responsibilities in an organization. For example, it collects, maintains, and reports data about financial transactions. Business managers often use these data to forecast financial inflows and outflows, which is extremely helpful when developing a budget. The financial information management function also assists in the preparation of financial statements and protects customer financial information. Business managers are unlikely to use the data to determine if liability insurance is needed, develop secondary equity markets, or calculate the level of corporate groupthink.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Chapter 12: Information systems for business functions. (n.d.). Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.umsl.edu/~joshik/msis480/chapt12.htm
61. D
Conduct online financial transactions. Businesses that conduct financial transactions via the Internet implement many strategies to ensure the security of their clients' confidential financial data (e.g., bank account numbers, credit card numbers). Encryption techniques and firewall software reduce risks associated with computer hacking and identity theft. Posting general information about products and interest rate changes on websites or in other communications are not security or privacy issues that affect customers.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 355-359). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
62. C
Increases management's confidence in budgets. The efficient management of budget data benefits businesses in a variety of ways, including error detection and control, decreasing the time needed for completing the accounting cycle, and increasing management's confidence, not only in budgets, but also in financial statements and performance scorecards, etc. Since use of efficient budgeting applications decreases the amount of time required to complete the accounting cycle, financial professionals have time to spend on value-added activities, such as decision making and presentation of information, rather than having to spend more time on them. An audit trail and increased ability to trace the numbers used in budgets are natural outgrowths of the use of budgeting applications.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Oracle. (2008, July). The emerging field of financial data quality management. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.oracle.com/us/products/middleware/bus-int/064080.pdf
63. C
Financial outcomes. Computer spreadsheet software has the ability to calculate formulas and organize numerical data. When a business inputs different values or sets of numerical data in a spreadsheet, the spreadsheet software calculates the values or sets of data, which provides different outcomes based on the values or sets of data that were used. By reviewing the various outcomes, the business can determine the best course of action to take under particular circumstances—the "what ifs" of specific situations. Production strategies are the activities used to produce goods and services. Distribution methods are the strategies that a business uses to make sure that products are delivered to the right people at the right place at the right time. Accounting standards are the degrees to which accounting practices (financial recordkeeping) meet certain criteria.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
64. C
Waste, quality. Businesses are constantly looking for ways to use their resources more efficiently. Two popular methods of achieving this goal are lean operations (manufacturing) and Six Sigma. The leanoperations method involves eliminating waste (the ineffective use of resources) to improve efficiency. According to the lean-operations philosophy, when efficiency increases, the business will have fewer errors, which leads to higher profits. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals, which continuously improves the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. Therefore, an important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is to continuously lower costs while improving quality. Lean operations do not focus on reducing wages, automation, or standards. Six Sigma does not focus on improving waste.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: McKenzie, E. (2009, November 9). Lean vs six sigma: What's the difference? Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.ultimus.com/blog/bid/33875/lean-vs-six-sigma-what-sthe-difference
65. A
Income, debt ratio, and credit rating. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a business considers several factors before it extends credit to its customers. Data such as the customer's income, debt ratio, and credit rating indicate to the business if the customer is a good credit risk or not. The customer's objectives and educational level are not primary considerations.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. D
Recruitment. Recruiting is the aspect of staffing that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees. The key to recruitment is finding just the right number of applicants—not enough, and it may be difficult to find a qualified, well-suited candidate; too many, and the process becomes lengthy and time-consuming. Interviewing happens after a list of potential candidates has been identified and the applicants who don't meet minimum requirements have been weeded out. Onboarding activities occur after an employee has been hired and can include employee orientation and various types of paperwork, like insurance, tax withholding, direct deposit, and citizenship information. Orientation varies from business to business, but it may involve giving the employee a tour of the facilities and making introductions, giving the employee information about company procedures and policies, and familiarizing the employee with his/her new work space and equipment.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. D
Getting a job at a publishing company. Getting a job at a publishing company would be considered a long-term goal. Goals are statements that clearly describe tasks to be accomplished. Some goals are long term, and some are short term. Passing your history test tomorrow, washing the dishes, and finishing your English paper are all short-term goals because they can be accomplished in the very near future.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
68. D
Request for proposal. Complex projects often require the expertise of external resources. Building a new facility requires skills from architects, construction companies, electricians, etc. And because these types of projects are expensive, companies want to obtain bids from the potential vendors or contractors to determine which one is best suited to perform the work. A request for proposal (RFP) is an invitation for potential vendors to present bids to obtain a contract and perform the work. Because the work is complex, the RFP must include specific information and provide detailed instructions about the way the proposal should be written. Often, an RFP will require potential vendors to provide a summary of qualifications as a section of the proposal. A business plan is a company's blueprint for success—its business model. An executive summary is an element of a business plan and provides an overview of the most important information.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
69. A
Relevant. In order to make business decisions, companies access, store, maintain, and evaluate a variety of information (facts, data). To make appropriate decisions, companies need to make sure the information that they are basing their decisions upon is accurate and relevant. For example, information from an employee's performance review will not help the business determine how to price its products. Information from an anonymous source may be incorrect and could lead to poor decisions and undesirable outcomes. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. Not all information needs to be encrypted. While positive information about the company is nice, it is more important that the information is honest, accurate, and relevant.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. A
Information security. Businesses often maintain personal information about their customers, such as credit card numbers, bank account numbers, and account passwords. Businesses must take reasonable care to protect and secure their customers' personal information to reduce the risk of fraudulent behavior, such as computer hacking and identity theft. Businesses should develop policies about removing digital information from their facilities. A patent provides legal protection to the owners of inventions. The customers' privacy, rather than employees' privacy, has been compromised in the presented situation. There is no indication that data entry problems exist with the information provided.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: TechTarget. (2016). Information security. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/definition/information-security-infosec
71. C
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity. Today, connectivity may be by dial-up to telephone lines, through broadband technology, or through wireless routers. All people around the world do not have access to an Intranet or an Extranet. Broadband is a type of technology.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 223). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Templates. The template feature of presentation software allows the user to enter information into a set of standardized slides that all have a similar look. The wizard uses already-prepared slide shows to suggest content. Blank slides allow the user to prepare the presentation from scratch. The premade slides would be considered part of the wizard.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Baycon Group. (1999-2015). Lesson two: PowerPoint overview. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.baycongroup.com/powerpoint/02_powerpoint.htm
73. A
Use short blocks of text. Since web surfers want information quickly, they tend to scan over the web page rather than reading the text in detail. Therefore, short blocks of text are often most effective in grabbing the reader's attention. In some situations, such as presenting a product's features, the text may be presented in a bullet-point format. Using too many fonts may make the text difficult to read. Applicable graphics should be included on the web page to add interest. Not all web pages include advertising, so leaving space for banner ads is not always necessary.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Friedman, V. (2008, January 31). Ten principles of effective web design. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2008/01/31/10-principles-ofeffective-web-design/
74. B
Data normalization. Normalization is the process of efficiently organizing data in a database. There are two goals of the normalization process: eliminating redundant data and ensuring that data is stored in ways that make sense. By eliminating redundant data, Jonas is performing data normalization. Digital analysis involves analyzing and interpreting data for patterns, consistencies, or discrepancies. Data filtering involves refining data sets so that they can be more easily understood. Information scanning is not a term not typically used in the business world.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2016). Database normalization basics. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/normalization.htm
75. D
Award purchasing contracts. Businesses maintain records about their vendors and use the information in the records to award contracts to the most appropriate vendor. When selecting a vendor, a business usually wants to buy from the vendor that offers the best price for the value, has reasonable delivery terms, and favorable credit policies. By comparing the information about each vendor, a business can make an informed decision about the best vendor. This type of information does not help a business to negotiate higher discounts, monitor inventory levels, or follow safe shipping procedures.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Advameg, Inc. (2016). Record retention. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/small/Qu-Sm/Record-Retention.html
76. B
Protect the well-being of the business's employees and customers. Governments develop and enforce various regulations to protect the well-being of society. If a business is not following safety regulations, it is not protecting the well-being of its employees and customers. An employee should report the noncompliance so the government can step in and ensure that the business takes corrective action before an accident occurs and someone is injured. By reporting noncompliance of safety regulations, the employee may prevent a tragedy from occurring and prevent the business from receiving poor publicity and a bad reputation that would likely result from an accident or injury. Although it depends on the type of product, it is often legal for a business to sell substitute goods to consumers. Labor laws, rather than safety regulations, regulate the ways in which businesses pay their employees.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Kline, D. (2014, June 11). Hear it from employees first: Why managers should encourage whistleblowers. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.navexglobal.com/blog/hearit-employees-first-why-managers-should-encourage-whistleblowers
77. B
Tom checks the amount and date on all personal checks. To reduce the risk of identity theft, the cashier should make sure that customers' checks are filled out correctly and include the proper amounts and dates. In addition, the signature on the check should match that on another piece of identification such as a driver's license, and any information from the backup identification should be recorded on the check. The times and routes for bank deposits should vary to deter a robber. Chatting with customers is a distraction that can cause errors and promote point-of-sale fraud. Many businesses do not permit personal belongings at the workstation to reduce the chance of employee theft.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Slater, D. (2010, July 28). Retail security: Critical strategies. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.csoonline.com/article/2125650/investigations-forensics/investigationsforensics-retail-security-critical-strategies.html
78. B
30. An important part of developing a project plan is determining how much time it will take to perform each task. Then, the business develops a schedule specifying the number of hours to spend on each task during each week of the project. In Week 3, Task 2 is allocated 10 hours and Task 4 is allocated 20 hours for a total of 30 hours (10 + 20 = 30).
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Dummies. (2016). How to develop your project's schedule. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/careers/project-management/how-to-develop-your-projects-schedule/
79. A
Develop a list of supplies that the business needs. Businesses need to keep supplies on hand for their employees to perform their jobs. The types and quantities of supplies vary by business. A business should keep some supplies on hand so that employees can obtain them when needed. To maintain an inventory of supplies, a business should first determine which supplies the employees need to perform their jobs, such as pencils, printer paper, calculators, etc. After developing a list of necessary supplies, the business can locate vendors, compare prices, order the supplies, and organize a space to store the supplies.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Phillips, C. (2016). How to manage inventory of office supplies. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4518917_manage-office-supplies-inventory.html
80. A
Specifications and deadlines. The request for quotation (RFQ) summarizes the details about the business's needs, bid requirements (guidelines), and deadlines. The business should include statistical data if the prospective vendor needs them to respond to the RFQ. Businesses typically do not include prices, purchase orders, discounts, and checklists in their RFQs.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Arthur, L. (2016). Five steps of a bidding process. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/five-steps-bidding-process-23870.html
81. C
Estimating how long each step in production will take. Scheduling establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Employees responsible for scheduling look at the number of steps in the production process and estimate how long each step will take. Purchasing is the production activity that obtains the needed resources. Routing is the production activity that establishes the path inputs take from the time they are received by the business until they become outputs. Dispatching is issuing orders for production to start.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
82. D
It must be measured in some way to be effective. To truly monitor your quality control progress, it's important to have some sort of measurement system in place. The type of measurement you use depends on what your business provides or produces. Quality control is important for businesses of all sizes, not just large ones. Quality control doesn't consist of common sense procedures. In fact, it can be a very complicated process. That's why it's so important to plan your quality control system and extensively train all employees.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Webber, L., & Wallace, M. (2016). Applying fundamental quality control concepts. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/applying-fundamentalquality-control-concepts.html
83. A
Identified. An essential step in effective time management is to identify all of your required activities. These activities can then be classified according to type, prioritized according to importance, scheduled to be done at an appropriate time, and finally performed.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
84. A
Choosing an appropriate career. Each of us has a unique combination of abilities and aptitudes for particular skills. Choosing a career is done by deciding which career matches one's abilities and aptitudes. Establishing a value system is developing your values, identifying which are most important to you, and creating a personal value system. Helping to understand people refers to being able to understand yourself in order to help understand and get along with others. Obtaining feedback from others refers to getting the thoughts and reactions from others about you and your behavior.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: McKay, D. (2015, April 7). How to use self assessment tools to help you choose a career. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/self-assessment-toolschoose-a-career-526172
85. C
Employment outlook. Governments often post information on their websites about employment and occupation trends. For example, the U.S. government posts the Occupational Outlook Handbook online, which provides information about employment trends in the United States. This information includes general job responsibilities, salary ranges, number of workers currently working in a particular field, employment outlook, etc. The Canadian government also posts employment trends in Canada (Job Futures). Individuals set their own career goals, which are not included on career-related government websites. Programming needs and testing tips are not included on career-related government websites.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Ryan, L. (2014, July 7). How to follow up after a job interview. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/lizryan/2014/07/07/1132/#7402f920740a
86. C
A question about salary or benefits. The main purpose of the follow-up letter is to show your appreciation to the interviewer. It would be inappropriate to include a question about salary and benefits, which should have been discussed during the job interview. If the applicant is offered the job, then s/he should bring up any further questions about salary, benefits, hours, vacation time, etc. Making a comment that indicates you understand something about what the business does, referring to your qualifications for the job, and expressing a wish to be hired for the job are all acceptable.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Ryan, L. (2014, July 7). How to follow up after a job interview. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/lizryan/2014/07/07/1132/#7402f920740a
87. B
Networking. Networking is an effort to connect with individuals who might help an individual to accomplish personal career and professional goals. Because Jan acted on a tip from a friend, she was connecting with another person to further her personal career goals, which is an example of networking. Managing involves coordinating resources to accomplish an organization's goals. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Linking is the ability to move from one web page to another by using a hyperlink.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Speisman, S. (2016). Ten tips for successful business networking. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.businessknowhow.com/tips/networking.htm
88. A
Budgeting, financial planning, and implementing capital structure. The corporate finance function in a company is to manage policy and strategy for liquidity and solvency. In other words, people who work in corporate finance are in charge of finding money for their company and then making sure that money is managed correctly. This involves the implementation of capital structure, budgeting and financial planning, acquisition and investment, funding, dividends, and taxation policies and decisions. The insurance industry is responsible for delivering products that transfer risk from customers to the company. The banking services industry accepts deposits, lends funds, and extends credit. It also deals with cash management, short-term investments, and mortgages.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: PD LAP 20—Career Opportunities in Finance
89. C
The board of directors. A corporation's board of directors is responsible for approving and reviewing the corporate governance policies of the business. These corporate governance policies specify the guidelines and rules by which a corporation is directed and run. Although shareholders, the management team, and the investors are affected by these rules, it is the job of the board to approve and review them.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Brefi Group Limited. (2016). Roles and responsibilities of directors and boards. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.brefigroup.co.uk/directors/directors_roles_and_responsibilities.html
90. C
Provide feedback to improve objectives. The board of directors should obtain feedback from employees about the company's direction. This can help to improve governance objectives and align them with the company's vision. In this way, employees have a say in the company's goals and will be more likely to work toward achieving them. Drafting bylaws is generally the role of an organization's founders or directors, rather than employees. Creating policies to enforce objectives is usually a task for the board of directors, rather than employees. Reporting progress to shareholders is also generally the responsibility of the board members, rather than that of employees.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Williams, O. (n.d.) Corporate governance objectives. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/corporate-governance-objectives-17344.html
91. D
The board of directors represents the shareholders. A company's board of directors represents the interests of the shareholders through the board's management of the company. The shareholders often have a role in electing the board members. The shareholders do not pay dividends to the board of directors. The shareholders also do not make decisions for the board members; rather, board members make decisions on behalf of the shareholders. The board of directors does not hold the shareholders accountable; rather, the shareholders hold the board of directors accountable.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Corporate governance. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
92. A
More ethical. Governance objectives are often based on integrity and ethical principles. Therefore, if a company has strong governance practices, it is likely to be ethical in its investment decisions. Good governance should not make investment decisions subject to the influence of individuals. Rather, it should remove interference from individuals by giving the board independence to make decisions free of influence. Good governance does not necessarily make investment decisions less regulated; in fact, it gives the board of directors the power to enact financial controls and monitor reporting. Finally, governance makes a company's investment decisions less vulnerable to risk because the governance objectives and policies should preemptively lessen the potential for risks.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2016). The impact of corporate governance practices on the investment decisions of companies. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/impact-corporate-governance-practices-investmentdecisions-companies-79389.html
93. C
Retail Merchants Association. The Retail Merchants Association is a national trade association with local branches in all parts of the country. The Lions Club and Civitan Club are service organizations. The American Management Association is a professional organization.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Dictionary.com. (2016). Trade association. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.dictionary.com/browse/trade-association
94. A
A real estate agent and an insurance broker refer clients to each other. Relationships among business professionals are most likely to survive and be successful when everyone involved benefits in a substantial way. One common way to build mutually beneficial relationships is to refer clients to each other. While taking donuts to other finance professionals, sending cards to clients, and socializing with each other at professional association meetings can help to build professional relationships, those methods are not as likely to be successful in building enduring relationships as sharing clients with each other.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Gullo, F. (2012, August 31). Ten tips for building strong professional relationships. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.businessinsider.com/10-tips-for-appreciating-yournetwork-contacts-2012-8
95. C
Withholding information from insurance underwriters. In the insurance industry, underwriters assess the risks of insuring an applicant and approve compensation for loss under the terms of an insurance policy. Withholding information that may affect the approval of the applicant or the compensation associated with a claim is unethical behavior. Requesting documents to process a loan, issuing bonds to raise funds for a corporation, and using third-party debt collectors to obtain overdue payments are ethical activities.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Jones, R. (2012, March 7). The ethics of risk management: No easy answers. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://ww2.cfo.com/risk-management/2012/03/the-ethics-of-riskmanagement-no-easy-answers/
96. B
Security risks. Risk management is a business activity that involves planning, controlling, preventing, and establishing procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit card numbers). Natural disasters include occurrences such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods. Physical safety risks involve threats to a person's well-being and may include environmental hazards such as air pollution and water toxins.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Haag, S., & Cummings, M. (2008). Management information systems for the information age (7th ed.) [pp. 262-265]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
97. B
Conduct background checks on job applicants. Because hiring and training employees is an expense for businesses, they should ensure that the applicants' previous work experiences do not present business risks for them. Because applicants are unlikely to discuss unfavorable past work experiences during an interview, businesses need to take action to verify the information on their employment applications. Employers should confirm the applicants' previous employment, verify their references, and conduct background checks on applicants if needed. CopyIt may have reduced its liability by checking the drivers' previous driving records and employment history before extending job offers to them. There is not enough information provided to determine if the accidents involve substance abuse, so mandating monthly drug testing for all employees may not prevent future driving accidents. Requiring current drivers to take a driving exam every six months will not prevent the business from hiring unsafe drivers.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 252-253]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
98. A
Internal controls are a component of enterprise risk management. An internal control system consists of procedures and practices designed to ensure compliance, protect resources, and increase reliability of company data. Risk management and internal control systems are both key components of enterprise risk management (ERM). Company management uses ERM to assess, manage, and limit risks throughout business operations and across all business departments, divisions, etc. By assessing, managing, and limiting the company's risks, the enterprise risk management system (including internal controls and risk management) helps the business to reach its objectives and goals. Although an internal control system can reduce risk, it cannot eliminate all risk. Internal control systems and risk management work together in an organization; a business cannot have one without the other. Even if a company has an internal control system, periodic monitoring and reporting of business processes and data are still necessary.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: McNally, J.S., & Tophoff, V.H. (2014). Leveraging effective risk management and internal control. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from http://www.imanet.org/PDFs/Public/SF/2014_04/04_2014_mcnally.pdf
99. C
Develop a way to encrypt and store customers' bank information in the company database for future use. By encrypting the information, the company can eliminate some of the risk of storing customers' banking information while making the payment process easier, leading to less lost revenue and more satisfied customers. Letters explaining the policy may help customers understand the need for security, but they do nothing to help with the loss of revenue or to satisfy customers. Eliminating the pay-by-phone option would upset the customers who pay in that manner, and requiring payments by mail would probably lead to more lost revenue. Asking customers to set up automatic payments doesn't mean they will, and it doesn't address what they want—an easy way to pay by phone; it would not eliminate the need to store the banking information.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kaplan, R., & Mikes. A. (2012, June). Managing risks: A new framework. Retrieved September 14, 2016, from https://hbr.org/2012/06/managing-risks-a-new-framework
100. D
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1152
Finance Cluster Exam
1. C
Appropriation. Torts are civil wrongdoings that cause harm or injury to another party. Appropriation, wrongful interference, defamation, and conversion are four kinds of torts. Appropriation, which Brix Beauty Salon committed, involves a business or person who uses—without permission—another person's name, likeness, and other unique characteristics for the benefit or gain of the user. Brix Beauty Salon used the celebrity's name and picture to attract customers to the salon. Unfortunately, Brix had not obtained permission to use the celebrity's name or likeness. As a result, the celebrity could sue Brix for appropriation. Wrongful interference consists of predatory behavior undertaken by a business to draw either customers or employees away from a competitor. Defamation involves making false, malicious statements about a person or organization. Conversion occurs when personal property is taken from the owner and given to someone else to use.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Nationa! Paralegal College. (2003-2016). Appropriation of plaintiff's name or likeness. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://nationalparalegal.edu/public_documents/courseware_asp_files/torts2/InvasionofPriva cy/AppropriationOfPlaintiffsNameOrLikeness.asp
2. A
Business-format franchise. A business-format franchise is a franchise agreement in which the franchisee must operate under the trade name of the parent company that provides continuous assistance in setting up and operating the business. This kind of business arrangement would give Jake more assistance than any of the other alternatives. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who takes all of the risk and responsibility. A private corporation is a type of corporation owned by a few people that does not offer its shares for sale to the public. A product trade- name franchise is based on an independent sales relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee to stock and sell a specific line of goods.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BLLAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
A senior manager tells a stakeholder that the government did not approve a new product because it did not meet safety standards. When a group of people has access to non-public information (material information) and makes trades based on this knowledge, those individuals have an unfair advantage over others. If the insider (senior manager) gives this information to others (stakeholders) so they can make trades based on the knowledge, both parties could be prosecuted for insider trading. In the example, the company's stock values are likely to be affected by the problems with a new product. When an employee shares material information with a person outside the company and who can act on the knowledge before it is revealed to the general public, it is an example of illegal insider trading. On the other hand, officers and board members of a company who buy or sell their own company's securities and report the trades to the SEC are not conducting illegal insider trading activities. Advising customers about mortgage rates, giving financial advice to a client, and providing an auditor with the company's material or financial information are not examples of insider trading.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Reh, F. (2016, June 16). Understanding the issue and implications of insider trading. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://nationalparalegal.edu/public_documents/courseware_asp_files/torts2/InvasionofPrivacy/AppropriationOfPlaintiffsNameOrLikeness.asp
4. C
Targets identifiable groups of people. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme and involves targeting members who belong to the same group such as a church, senior citizen's social club, or civic organization. Because the scammer claims an association with the group and often lures group leaders or respected group members into investing in the scheme, other group members may believe that they can trust the scammer, which prompts them to hand over their money for "investment." The leaders or respected group members who fall prey to the scheme may provide testimonials to encourage investment. Group members who invest later in the scam often do not see any return on their investment. Affinity fraud does not primarily involve buying and selling commodities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: North American Securities Administrators Association. (n.d.), Affinity fraud: Beware of swindlers who claim loyalty to your group. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.nasaa.org/7 157/affinity-fraud-beware-of-swindlers-who-claim-loyalty-to-your- group/
5. C
Tax-deferred income. Certain types of investments or funds are not taxed until the money is being used, such as money in an individual retirement account (IRA) that retirees use for living expenses. Capital gains refers to the difference between the purchase price and selling price of an investment. For example, the capital gains on a house purchased for $250,000 and sold for $300,000 is $50,000. Dividends are subject to dual taxation—both the campany and the shareholder pay tax on stock earnings. Tax-exemption involves money that is not taxed, such as certain types of charitable donations.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Investing Answers. (2016). Tax deferred. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://wwww.investinganswers.com/financial-dictionary/tax-center/tax-deferred-2477
6. A
Corrective. Corrective controls are initiatives taken to fix a problem that has already been detected. Hiring a compliance officer to monitor financial processes is a corrective action because someone had already detected data inconsistencies. Preventative controls involve actions to keep something from happening before it occurs. Product controls are activities the business uses to manage the processes, quality, and quantity of goods and services. Conditional controls allow certain actions to occur within a specific set of circumstances.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: CFO Career Planning Tools. (2013, October 16). Manage risks with preventive, detective, and corrective controls. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://wwww.cfocareer.com/manage-risks-preventive-detective-corrective-controls/
7. B
Detect compliance inconsistencies across different jurisdictions. Businesses use compliance software to aid them in detecting financial transaction problems. Because interstate and international commerce involves following different regulations in different locations, advanced compliance technologies can scan or audit the data to ensure their compliance with different jurisdictions’ regulations and rules. The purpose of compliance software is not to evaluate a competitor's compliance, correct human-resource problems, or improve product quality and satisfaction levels.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Capterra. (2016). Top compliance software products. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.capterra.com/compliance-software/
8. A
Completing steps in the order written. It's important to complete steps in the order written when you are following written directions. You should read directions when you can focus on them, not when you are distracted. You should follow directions in the correct order, not in any order you choose. Read every step of the written instructions before completing the first step.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: eHow. (1999-2016). How fo follow written instructions. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http:///wwww.ehow.com/how_2251998_follow-written-instructions.html
9. C
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker, and its desire to hear what the speaker has to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. B
Noise. Noise in the background can distract the listener. Emotional perceptions are the ways in which people interpret things. They are usually created or influenced by the background, or upbringing, of the individual, and they can create emotional barriers to communication. Bias is opinion based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. It can also create an emotional barrier.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008), Business communication today (Sth ed.) [p. 12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Note cards. Speakers often write brief notes on small cards to help them remember to discuss important points they want to present to the audience. Flash cards contain important information; however, they are most often used to help someone study or retain information for a test or exam. Storyboards are pieces of paper with frames containing script information for television or radio commercials. People place important information that they need to remember on memo boards. Memo boards are often placed near workstations or telephones, and are not tools that speakers use during a presentation.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Write-out-loud.com. (2006-2016). Cue cards: how to make and use them effectively. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. write-out-loud.com/cue-cards. html
12. C
Are meaningful to the notetaker. Effective note-taking involves writing down the most important information or key points for future reference. Writing or typing key phrases, words, or symbols that are meaningful to the notetaker are ways of capturing the most important information. Because the notes are for personal use, they do not need to reflect proper punctuation and grammar or make sense to the speaker. Notes do not always include personal opinion and bias.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: North Shore Community College Student Support Center. (n.d.). Effective listening and notetaking. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.northshore.edu/support_center/pdf/listen_notes.pdf
13. B
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
SOURCE: C0:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 204-205). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
14. B 
Friendly. Positive customer/client relations are important to the success of the business because they help to create repeat business. Many businesses encourage employees to adopt a friendly, helpful attitude toward customers as part of their efforts to create positive relations. Being reserved could prevent employees from offering appropriate help and might be interpreted as coldness. Being talkative may offend customers or prevent employees from identifying their needs. Being authoritative is only appropriate when providing the customer with technical or factual information. 
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. B
A primary goal of CRM is to maximize the long-term value of customer relationships. Customer relationship management (CRM) involves the use of strategies, processes, technology, and people to build, maintain, and maximize the long-term value of customer relationships. Although one aspect of effective CRM is providing excellent customer service, customer service is not the only factor that affects a customer's loyalty to a business. A business can provide excellent customer service without having a formal CRM program in place. Other aspects that affect CRM include the business's organizational culture. It is important that employees adopt the business's customer-relationship philosophy to facilitate positive relationships with customers. Price is one factor that may affect the long-term buyer/seller relationship, but is not the most important factor to all customers. Customers also consider factors such as convenience and product quality.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CRLAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. C
Ask her assistant to inform Mr. Williams that Tobi will return his call at 5:00 p.m. An important factor in retaining clients is returning their calls in a timely fashion. By personally responding to Mr. Williams’ questions promptly instead of calling him back in the morning or having her assistant answer his questions, Tobi shows him that he is important to her. At the same time, though, Tobi needs to show the new clients that she respects them and their time. For that reason, Tobi should finish her meeting with them prior to speaking with Mr. Williams.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: SlClytics. (2016). The importance of promptly returning all of your phone calls. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://siclytics.com/the-importance-of-promptly-returning-all-of-your- phone-calls/
17. D
Can become inaccurate over time. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data are often referred to as “perishable” data because while the data are true at the time they are recorded, the data are likely to become inaccurate over time. For example, someone's address or phone number may change as the result of a move. CRM data are sometimes duplicated, non-standardized, unformatted, junk, or garbage, but those characteristics alone do not make them perishable.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: WhatIs.com. (2016). Perishable data. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/perishable-data
18. C
Specialty. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. The specialty item Keisha desires will take a lot of money and effort to acquire. A shopping good is a consumer good purchased after consumers compare goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Keisha is not concerned with price. A convenience good is a consumer good purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Keisha has put a lot of thought into this purchase. Industrial goods are purchased for resale, not consumer usage.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services) 
19. A 
Increase. The law of demand is the economic principle which states that the quantity of a good or service that people will buy varies inversely with the price of the good or service. As prices decrease, the quantity demanded will generally increase because consumers increase their consumption. Lowering prices does not decrease, lessen, or stabilize demand. 
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
20. A
Share human resources. The matrix organizational structure involves integrated departmental functions with product or project orientation. For example, a technology specialist, a marketing researcher, a financial advisor, and a manufacturing line supervisor are members of different departments but often work together to develop a product or improve a process. The advantage to businesses of using this organizational structure is that the business is applying its resources efficiently because a representative from each of the major departments provides a unique set of skills and knowledge to achieve the business's goals. Often, workers have two or more supervisors in the matrix organizational design. The matrix organizational design may improve the business's overall efficiency, but it does not always improve an individual's productivity. Departmental organizational design segments employees by their areas of expertise (e.g., accounting, sales, and production). Policies and procedures are developed to standardize various business activities and tasks in all types of organizational designs.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Griffin, R.\W., & Moorhead, G. (2010). Organizational behavior: Managing people and organizations (9th ed.) [pp. 453-455]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
21. D
The supply of materials used in manufacturing a product has decreased. Businesses must be alert to changes occurring in their environments so that they can be proactive in making changes rather than being reactive once changes have taken place. A reduction in the supply of materials used in manufacturing the business's products indicates that the business will be paying higher prices for the materials, or the business should find substitute materials to replace those currently used. Stable demand and little employee turnover indicate stability and would not require changes. The business may or may not need to make adjustments if the number of their competitors decreases.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: Fields, J. (2011). Adapt or die: Selling into a falling market. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://wwww.jonathanfields.com/blog/adapt-or-die-selling-into-a-falling-market/
22. C
Gain a competitive advantage over other businesses. Competition is affected in a variety of ways by productivity. A business must be highly productive in order to compete successfully. The business that can produce goods or services efficiently can sell them to consumers at more competitive prices. This gives the business a competitive advantage over other businesses in the marketplace. Helping to increase the standard of living and providing a wealth of goods and services from which to choose are effects that productivity has on workers and society. The health of a country's economy can be determined by measuring its productivity, but this is not an effect on business.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
23. D
Demand for products. When the economy is stable and growing, peaple have confidence in the future of the economy and increase spending. An increase In spending leads to an increase in demand for products, which also leads to an increase in production. When production increases, more people have jobs and money to spend, which also increases demand for products. This situation stimulates a continued growth in the economy. An increase in interest rates and unemployment levels often leads to a decrease in consumer spending. Increased spending does not lead to an increase in the scarcity of resources.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Consumer spending. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from hito://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/consumer-spending.asp7Igl=no-infinite
24. C
Interdependent. Since nations have an unequal distribution of economic factors, they are dependent on other nations. Each nation may need something that another has in abundance. Nations are interdependent because they need imports that are essential to the welfare of their citizens, and they need exports to provide opportunities for increased employment. When nations buy from and sell to each other, they are not competitors. Isolationists do not trade with other nations. Democratic is a type of political system.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (Global Trade)
25. D
Two or more of your values may come into conflict. It isn't always clear what the right thing to do is. When two of your personal values—loyalty and honesty, for example—come into conflict, there may not be just one right way to go. The rules of acting responsibly are not always black-and-white. We sometimes get conflicting advice from the different people in our lives. There isn't a law to govern every situation, but our ethics are there to help us distinguish right from wrong.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
26. C
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. People with integrity know right from wrong, and they try to do what is right. Because Lauren consistently takes care of personal business and socializes on her own time rather than on company time, she is demonstrating integrity. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Humility is a lack of pride.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Tucker, K. (n.d.). Examples of integrity in the workplace. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://everydaylife.globalpost.com/examples-integrity-workplace-1730.html
27. A
Listen and pay attention while a coworker speaks. Positive people are respectful, and this includes listening and paying attention to the people around them. Positive people accept responsibility for their mistakes instead of blaming them on others. They don't complain about problems, disappointments, or unexpected setbacks. Positive people are also understanding and accepting of others, so they will forgive a friend instead of holding a grudge.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
28. C
Positive. Positive feedback is the type of feedback that provides a message receiver with approval or praise. A characteristic of positive feedback is that it motivates the message receiver to continue a specific behavior. Vague is a general term that means unclear. Environmental is a general term used to describe the external forces that affect an entity. Practical is a general term that means useful, sensible, or realistic. Vague, environmental, and practical are nat terms commonly used to describe types of feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. C
Self-management. Stacie is demonstrating self-management. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is purposeful. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of his/her own emotions. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions. Social management is the ability to respond effectively to others’ emotions.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
30. D
Vision. A vision is a dream that with hard work and determination over a long period of time has every chance of becoming a reality. However, a vision is more than just a dream because it requires effort to accomplish the dream. People who have a vision often accomplish change for the good because they can see a better future. An idea is a formulated thought resulting from a representation of a concept within the mind. A goal is an objective to achieve. A mission is what someone wants to do.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2016, July 3). Create your personal vision statement. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://;www.thebalance.com/create-your-personal-vision-statement-1919208
31. C
No. In many situations, groups can influence management to make positive changes. Political relationships involve influencing others to take a certain course of action. Political relationships form at different levels of a business for different reasons. Political groups tend to form when employees share similar concerns or ideas about a single issue. The group may last for a limited time to accomplish a specific goal. For example, several employees may have a common goal to improve a production process so they can perform their jobs more efficiently. Once the improvements have been made, the group would likely dissolve. Employees may engage in backstabbing practices to advance their careers, but this is not normal behavior for most workers. Exclusive groups can form in any type of group or organization, but do not always result in inefficiencies or conflict. Conflict or disagreement is unavoidable in business—the way the conflict is handled influences the outcome.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: Rawes, E.M. (2016). Power, influence, & politics in the workplace. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/power-influence-politics-workplace-19058.html
32. C
Employees' perceptions. Organizational culture is the standards, rituals, attitudes, and belief systems that create the workplace environment and influence the interactions within it. In business, management defines the culture through its actions and leadership, which is based on the management team's collective values (belief systems), expectations, and goals. The employees contribute to the organizational culture with their unique skills and experiences and perceptions (points of view). Shareholders, customers, and competitors are external factors that can affect the workplace environment in a variety of ways.
SOURCE: EI:064
SOURCE: Watkins, M. (2013, May 15). What is organizational culture and why should we care? Retrieved December 7, 2016, from https://hbr.org/2013/05/what-is-organizational-culture
33. D
The first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing how you spend your money—understanding your spending habits—is the first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing your spending habits does not guarantee that you will exceed your financial goals. Although it's helpful to know how many checks you expect to write in a month, you don't need to understand your spending habits to open a bank account.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Hovey, J. (2010, February 1). 8 steps to creating a smart financial plan. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. investinganswers.com/personal-finance/retirement-planning/8- steps-creating-smart-financial-plan-1022
34. B
Compounding. The magic of compounding is earning interest upon interest. Compounding takes place any time you earn interest, but its effects are most dramatic when you're investing. Key factors involved in compounding growth are the amount of money invested, how long the money is invested, and how much the investment grows each year. With the stock market's average yearly gain of 10 percent, after one year, Cheryl's $6,000 was $6,600. With the same 10 percent return the next year, Cheryl's $6,600 turned into $7,260. She earned interest on her interest. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive personal information to a legitimate website. To diversify means to spread out your investment dollars among a number of different securities. Market timing is a form of the "buy low and sell high" trading strategy, in which investors purchase securities at low prices and sell them at high prices to profit from the difference. There is no indication that Cheryl's profit is the result of phishing, diversifying, or market timing.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Compound interest. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp?igl=no-infinite
35. D
A key factor to long-term financial well-being is to start saving and investing early on. Getting started early is the key to successful investing. The sooner you begin to take advantage of the compounding growth of the stock market, the more money you will have long-term. Inflation is an increase in the cost of goods and services. Over the years, the value of money declines. If you begin to save and invest when you are young, your interest compounds more, making the overall impact of inflation less dramatic. If you have extravagant spending habits, you will not have as much money to save and invest. Investments tend to yield higher returns than interest earned on a savings account.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Fisher, G. (2013, March 11). Savings: start early. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. forbes.com/sites/greggfisher/2013/03/1 1/savings-start-early/#4da1cbh2e5f20
36. C
Credit report, credit bureau. Because businesses often base their decisions about extending credit or providing a loan on credit history, it is important for individuals and businesses to periodically check and ensure that their credit information is accurate. Credit history is provided in the form of a credit report. By reviewing the credit report, individuals and businesses can determine if there are any problems (e.g., identity theft) or discrepancies on the report that need resolved. Credit reports are available through recognized credit bureaus or agencies, which maintain files of credit information on individuals and businesses. Credit histories are not documented on bank statements, lending statements, or credit certificates. The primary purpose of financial institutions, tax agencies, and credit unions is not to maintain comprehensive credit histories for individuals and businesses.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Credit.com. (1996-2016). Credit report basics. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.credit.com/credit_information/credit_report/Credit-Repart-Basics jsp
37. A
A deposit-taking institution's primary liabilities are checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit. Deposit-taking institutions such as commercial banks are one type of financial institution. Deposit-taking institutions serve as financial intermediaries. Savers deposit their funds in depositary institutions, and then these deposit-taking institutions lend the funds to individuals and firms who need to borrow money. Checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit are liabilities for deposit-taking institutions. Essentially, the funds deposited in these accounts are loans made to the institution by individuals, firms, and the government. When a saver deposits funds in a deposit-taking institution, s/ne receives a claim on his/her bank account, not the individual or firm who borrows those funds from the bank. The Small Business Administration and the Federal Housing Administration are examples of government and semigovernment financial institutions. Mutual savings banks and savings and loan associations are types of thrifts, not commercial banks.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Szulezyk, K. (2016). A bank's balance sheet. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://wwww.boundless.com/users/23341 6/textbooks/money-banking-and-international- finance/the-banking-business-10/the-banking-business-31/a-bank-s-balance-sheet-99- 15197/
38. C
Eurobonds. Eurobonds are bonds sold in a foreign country in the currency of the issuing company. Frankfort and Sons, for example, is an American firm, so its Eurobonds will be denominated in American dollars. However, these bonds will be sold overseas, not in the United States. Yankee bonds are issued in the U.S. by a foreign company and denominated in American dollars. Interbonds are fictitious. Savings bonds are issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. They are nontransferable securities that can be cashed prior to their maturity date.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Eurobond. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/e/eurobond.asp7igl=no-infinite
39. D
Increased customer risk. While convergence and consolidation in the finance industry have created a “one-stop shopping” environment for customers, they have also increased the risk that many customers face. If a customer relies upon a single financial firm to satisfy all of her/his financial needs, there is a higher chance that the customer will suffer if and when the firm experiences financial and/or legal difficulties. Because of convergence and consolidation, financial providers are able to provide a wider variety of products. The convergence and consolidation of multiple financial companies usually result in more liquid capital for all companies involved. As a result, companies that previously had limited funds to lend may now have more capital available to offer in the form of loans.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106-5-107), Columbus, OH: Author.
40. C
When consumer spending increases. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is growing and unemployment is low. Because more people are working, they have more money to invest in the financial markets. Higher interest rates make it more expensive for businesses to obtain the funds they need to expand their operations and typically cause stock prices to decrease. A bear market exists when stock prices decrease, and a bull market exists when the stock prices increase.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
41. B
Quickly withdraw their money from the emerging market. When an emerging market suffers an economic decline, market prices are likely to decline as well. Rather than investing more in the emerging market at the lowered prices and helping the emerging market to recover, foreign investors are typically self- interested. Therefore, they are likely to withdraw their money from the emerging market and invest the funds in more stable markets elsewhere in the world. The loss of foreign investors' funds often wreaks even more havoc on the emerging market. An economic decline is not likely to reduce transaction costs in the emerging market.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156, 5-157, 5-158). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
42. B
Herd behavior among investors. Although financial globalization tends to increase investors’ access to many different financial markets, financial globalization also seems to increase the risks of speculative bubbles and herd behavior among investors. Herd behavior involves individuals who act together as a group without any planned direction. It is usually irrational and driven by emotions. In good times, investors hurry to join others in a buying frenzy. But, in bad financial times, fearful investors join others in a rush to get out of risky markets. By diversifying their funds in many different countries, investors are able to diversify their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. To enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, many countries have lowered their taxes on international financial transactions.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
43. B
The annual report, Form 10-K is the annual report that a company must file with the SEC. It is less attractive than the annual report that companies send to their shareholders. Form 10-Q is a quarterly report. The bottom line and cash flow statements appear in 10-Ks.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Accounting Coach. (2016). What is form 10-K? Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.accountingcoach.cam/blog/form-10k
44. A
Income statement. Some investors believe the income statement is the most important document to review because it shows the company's “bottom line,” a term that refers to net income. The income statement shows a company's profitability over a specific period of time. You read an income statement from top to bottom. The top line shows the revenues. Each line below the first line deducts expenses, until you get to the bottom line that shows the net income. A cash flow statement tracks the money that comes into and flows back out of a company. A balance sheet gives a summary of a company's financial health at a specific point in time. A statement of retained earnings indicates the amount of profit that is being retained in the business, as well as the dividends paid by the company during a specific period of time.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). income statement. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/i/incomestatement.asp7lgl=no-infinite
45. B
It's a well-established company. Typically, well-established companies are the ones that pay dividends. Companies that are still growing tend to put their profits back into their companies and, therefore, do not pay dividends. Whether or not a company is trying to rid itself of cash, or is paying back a loan, cannot be determined by the numbers in the dividend column of a stock table.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Dividend payout ratio. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/d/dividendpayoutratio.asp?|gl=no-infinite
46. B
You can often write checks from a money market account. Money market accounts and savings accounts are very similar. One advantage of a money market account over a savings account, however, is that you can often write checks from your money market account (something savings accounts don't allow). Stocks, not money market accounts, provide corporate ownership rights. The rate of return for money market accounts is currently just about the same as the rates for savings accounts. Both types of accounts are insured by the FDIC.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—invest for Success (Types of Investments)
47. D
Gathering financial information. Accounting is the process of gathering, recording, organizing, and reporting financial data. Accountants do not create the data they gather, nor do they make decisions based on the data—they simply gather, record, organize, and report it. Marketers develop marketing campaigns, not accountants.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
48. D
Cost of goads. Cash payments are the specific sources of money flowing out of a business. Cash payments include cost of goods, variable expenses, and fixed expenses. Cost of goods is the amount of money a business pays for the products it will sell and often is a sizeable expense. Previous month's balance is the amount of cash a business has left at the end of the previous month. Total credit sales equal the amount of purchases that customers make on credit and will pay later. Interest from loans is income, often from credit sales.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
49. B
Investors. A statement of changes in equity provides information about shareholders’ ownership and how it has changed during a period of time. Therefore, investors of an organization would be interested to know how their accounts have changed over time. Customers, competitors, and employees would be less interested in changes in equity because they do not necessarily hold equity in the company.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Jan, O. (2011-2013). Statement of changes in shareholders' equity. Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://accountingexplained.com/financial/statements/changes-in-shareholders- equity
50. A
Differential cost. Differential cost is the difference between the costs of two alternatives. Differential cost would help Lauren see which furniture supplier is the best choice. Sunk cost, indirect cost, and imputed cost do not help as directly with determining between two choices.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Accounting for Management. (2015). Differential, opportunity and sunk costs. Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://www.accountingformanagement.org/differential-opportunity- and-sunk-costs/
51. B
Perform marginal analysis. Marginal analysis helps businesses understand the additional benefits of an activity as compared to the costs of that activity. Adding a new salad might generate revenue, but it will also cost money. Marginal analysis can determine whether or not it is financially worthwhile. Sunk costs are not related to marginal analysis. Eliminating indirect costs is not feasible and would not necessarily help the owner in this situation. Labor costs might be one factor related to the owner's decision, but she needs more information to determine how much money she will make.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Ross, S. (2015, April 23). How is marginal analysis used in making a managerial decision? Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/ask/answers/04231 5/how-marginal-analysis-used-making-managerial-decision.asp
52. C
Examining the relevant costs of advertising options. Managerial accountants can use techniques such as relevant cost analysis to assist marketers in making decisions regarding advertising options. They can determine which will have the lowest and highest costs. Determining whether to buy or make a component is not necessarily a marketing decision. Developing a target market analysis would generally not be a task for a managerial accountant. Creating a budget for hiring increases is not directly related to marketing products.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Freedman, J. (2016). Why management accounting is important in decision-making. Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/management-accounting-important-decisionmaking-53947.htm!
53. A
Carter determined that storage costs exceeded the budgeted amount. Variance analysis helps managerial accountants see the difference between actual costs and standard costs. They can then isolate the areas where costs are causing problems and adjust accordingly. Carter can use variance analysis to determine that a certain cost, such as storage, is causing the organization to go over its budget. Figuring out which product line would be most profitable, making pricing suggestions, and informing a manager about the amount of money left for travel are all tasks of managerial accountants, but not necessarily related to variance analysis.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Tutor2u. (n.d.) Accounting and finance: Variance analysis. Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://www.tutor2unet/business/presentations/accounts/varianceanalysis/default.html
54. D 
Directing. Budgeting involves setting goals, executing those goals, and comparing results to those goals. Kenneth is executing his goals by directing his employees’ actions with the help of his budget. Planning is setting goals. Controlling is comparing performance to expectations. Monitoring is tracking progress. They are all functions of budgets, but they are not specifically related to Kenneth's example.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., Reeve, J.M., & Duchac, J. (2014). Managerial accounting (12th ed.) [p. 230}. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
55. B
Cost driver. A factor that causes a change in the cost of an activity is called a cost driver. Changes such as the amount of labor used, the number of machines used, the power used to run the machinery, and the number of hours that the machinery is operated are cost drivers. Increases in these activities increase the costs of making outputs (products), while decreases in these activities decrease the costs of making the outputs. Cost drivers are not unexpected expenses or inflexible transactions.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Activity cost driver. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/a/activity-cost-driver.asp
56. D
A cost is not controlled by any department. If no departments in an organization can control a cost, it is acceptable to refrain from allocating it to any specific department. Whether a cost is fixed or variable does not determine whether or not it will be allocated. Refraining from allocating costs will not help if an organization is over budget. The amount of the cost does not necessarily determine whether or not it will be allocated.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2016). What is cost allocation? Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/what-is-cost-allocation.html 
57. C
$2,060. The formula for calculating future value is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Discount Rate). To determine how much your investment will be worth in a year, convert the annual rate to a decimal (3% = 0.03), and add one (1 + 0.03 = 1.03). Finally, multiply that sum by the original amount of your investment ($2,000 X 1.03 = $2,060).
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2016, October 20), Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved December 1, 2016, from http:///wwww.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp 
58. B
Customer service sending brochures about the company's loans to people who've just taken out loans with the company. Financial-information management systems tie financial transaction data with non- financial transaction data so that money is not wasted on promoting financial products to those who've just obtained the financial product. They encompass both processes and technologies to manage data about finances, internal operational information, and external market and competitive indicators. Use of a financial-information management system will not keep a company's computer from crashing, nor will it keep different versions of a database application from being incompatible. Mergers and acquisitions present a challenge to the finance industry in terms of financial-information management, however, its use will not eliminate mergers and acquisitions from happening.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Acevedo, L. (n.d.). What are the benefits of a financial information management system? Retrieved October 25, 2013, from http://(www.ehow.com/facts_5031791_benefits-financial- management-information-system.html
59. A
Non-financial managers have difficulty accessing needed financial data. Because financial data are often housed in disparate data structures, it is sometimes difficult to extract these data into warehouses that individuals outside the finance department can access and utilize. As a result, rather than being bombarded with excess financial data, many non-financial managers suffer from a lack of financial data. Financial-information management personnel typically maintain financial data, operational data, market and competitive indicators, etc. Although some large companies do not have effective financial- information management systems, most of them do have some sort of financial-information management system in place.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2016). Financial data management. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://searchfinancialapplications.techtarget.com/definition/financial-data-management
60. B
Audit trails of data changes. An organization should maintain audit trails to record the details of any financial data tampering and/or erasures. After the organization discovers tampering and/or erasures, the data in question can be recovered and/or restored to its original state. It is not necessary to keep hard copies of every document. An accounts receivable schedule and daily balance sheets do not guard against deliberate financial data tampering or erasures.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2016). Audit trail. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/A/audit_trail.ntml
61. A
Provides users with faster, better access to data from multiple sources. Financial-information management software has a number of benefits. It provides users with faster, better access to data, even from multiple sources. It also improves productivity by replacing tasks that used to be completed by hand with automated activities. It lowers compliance costs, but it does so by increasing audit trails and economies of scale, not eliminating them. Finally, it reduces risk and increases users’ confidence in the confidentiality, safety, and integrity of data.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2016). What are the benefits of a financial management information system? Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-financial- management-information-system-71943.html
62. D
Most budgeting software can be used to measure the impact of different actions on the budget. Budgeting software, which is generally much more sophisticated than standard spreadsheet software, allows business owners and managers to study each item in a budget individually as well as together as a whole. Owners and managers can see the impact that different actions have on a business's budget, both before and after these actions take place. The software also allows them to pinpoint business units/products that are underperforming and helps them to determine suitable corrective action. Creating line-item projections using standard spreadsheet software can be extremely time-consuming, but budgeting applications shorten the process considerably. Spreadsheet software also makes it difficult to adapt to unexpected events and changing economic conditions, while budgeting software is much more nimble. Therefore, budgets prepared with budgeting-specific software are much easier and simpler to modify. While some budgeting software is appropriate for both business and personal use, many programs are designed to be used solely by a business or an individual, not both.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Plunkett, N. (2013, February 28). Advantages of using budgeting and forecasting software. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://choosingfinancialsoftware.blogspot.com/2013/02/advantages-of-using-budgeting- and.html
63. C
Financial scorecard. Many financial analysis applications include the capability to create financial scorecards containing key financial indicators and up-to-date financial information. Cash flow, liquidity, profitability, and liability are examples of metrics that are often included on a financial scorecard. Rather than simply listing data on the scorecard, business employees can use financial analysis applications to develop charts and graphs that present the data in much more readily understandable ways. A profit-and- loss statement is a summary of business transactions that shows net profit before and after taxes by analyzing sales, purchases, cost of goods sold, and operating expenses for a specified period. While Lawrence's financial scorecard probably contains information that also appears on the company's profit- and-loss statement, the financial scorecard presents additional financial metrics. Cost standards are established specifications used to measure how much a project or product costs. An operating agreement is a written document signed by members of a limited liability partnership or limited liability company that specifies the terms of the business arrangement.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: iDashboards. (2004-2014). Scorecards. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www. idashboards.com/Solutions/For-Your-Function/Scorecards.aspx
64. D
Reduced waste adds to profit. Lean manufacturing means reducing as much waste as possible, which helps increase profit margins. Improved quality of products does not necessarily relate as directly to the financial status of an organization. Improved customer service does not necessarily cut expenses. Lead times and response times are shorter, but this does not necessarily help directly with the financial improvement of an organization.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Lean Enterprise Institute, Inc. (2000-2016). What is lean? Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://www.lean.org/whatslean/
65. A
The current balance that the customer owes to each of its existing suppliers. Businesses often analyze customer financial information to determine their customers’ creditworthiness. If a potential business customer applies for a loan or line of credit, the creditor is likely to review the customer's bank information, financial statements, and trade references. These trade references should come from three or four of the customer's existing suppliers who have already extended credit to the customer. Each trade reference should provide information such as the customer's credit line, high balance, current balance, and payment history. Reviewing this information will help the company to determine whether it wants to extend credit to the customer, too. The name of the customer's purchasing agent, each supplier's articles of incorporation, and a list of the items that the business typically purchases from each supplier are not usually needed when determining whether to extend credit to a potential customer.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: CreditGuru.com. (1999-2016). Trade references. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.creditguru.com/TradeRef.htm
66. D
Job satisfaction. Employees who go through orientation programs usually have greater job satisfaction because they are comfortable with their work environment and understand what is expected of them. Many businesses have extensive orientation programs designed to familiarize new employees with their jobs, coworkers, and aspects of the business. Orienting new employees helps them to better understand the business and to more effectively perform their assignments. Labor agreements are the result of negotiations between labor and management. Employee orientation does not increase competition. increased compensation is an employee benefit but not a direct result of orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 335-336]. New York: McGraw- Hill/Irwin.
67. C
Competition. Marketing encourages competition among businesses. Consequently, businesses consistently search for ways to make their products better and cheaper than their competitors’. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it. E-commerce is the buying and selling of goods online. Service marketing involves providing services, which are intangible activities performed by other people for money, to satisfy needs and wants.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
68. C
Opinion. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. A person's preference is an opinion. A fact is a true statement. This is not an example of criticism or a statistic.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2014, December 4). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-the-difference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
69. D
Comply with government regulations. Governments regulate the ways in which companies record, maintain, and store various types of business information. For example, in the United States, corporations must comply with the laws detailed in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These laws were put in place to increase transparency and reduce questionable recordkeeping practices related to business financial information. If companies do not comply with these rules, they may be subject to fines and other legal repercussions. Working remotely, prioritizing the information, and lessening the effects of information overload are not primary reasons why businesses are required to manage financial information in specific ways.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. D
Hyperlink. Many pages on the World Wide Web are connected by hyperlinks. A business's home page may include hyperlinks that users can click on to jump to other pages on the business's website. Same businesses include hyperlinks from their websites to other related sites. For example, a business searching government agencies might be able to jump from the FBI's site to the CIA's site by clicking on the hyperlink for that agency. An attachment is an electronic file attached to an email message. A banner is a type of online ad that appears at the side or bottom of the web page. A symbol is a representation of something.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 164, 405]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
71. A
Improve data integrity. Data normalization is a process that improves data integrity by reducing data redundancy, removing anomalies, and making it easier to accommodate new types of data. The purpose of data normalization is not to increase data redundancy, delete conforming data, or remove new types of data.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Ambysoft Inc. (2002-2013). Introduction to data normalization: A database “best” practice. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://agiledata.org/essays/dataNormalization.html
72. C
Because companies need to document wages paid. Businesses typically keep payroll records so they can document what they've paid their employees—including wages earned and deductions made. Businesses do not keep payroll records because employees might quit, a governing agency might ask to see them, or employees might ask questions about the deductions made. They keep them for documentation purposes and, if the records happen to be useful in other situations, that's an added benefit.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
73. D
Accounts-payable records. Accounts payable are the monies that a business owes to others (e.g., vendors). Because the accounts-payable function or department of a business is responsible for tracking and paying expenses, Delia can obtain information about a specific vendor by obtaining an accounts- payable report or by reviewing copies of the vendor's invoices. Production status reports, customer invoices, and sales reports will not provide Delia with the information she needs regarding the business's purchases from a specific vendor.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Shoreline Records Management. (2016). AP automation—AP scanning and workflow solutions. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from htto://www.shorelinerecordsmanagement.com/departmental-records-management/accounts- payable/
74. B
Identify trends. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Statistics can be used to identify trends. Trends indicate the general direction in which people or events are moving. If numerical data show that the demand for a product has been steadily increasing for several months, then the trend indicates that more people want or need the product. By analyzing this information, the business can determine if it wants to enter a new market. Or, if the business already sells the product, it can use the information to decide if the business should increase its production of or inventory levels for the product. Although statistics are used to analyze costs, inventory, and quotas, the information provided cannot be used to assess those situations.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: WhatIs.com. (2016). Statistical analysis. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/statistical-analysis
75. A
To make changes. Businesses use the information from accident report forms to identify accident trends, such as the areas of the workplace that tend to have the highest number of accidents, the time of day during which accidents occur, types of injuries, and ages of victims. Businesses use this information to make changes in the workplace that will improve safety and help prevent accidents in the future. Recording injuries, processing claims, and fixing blame are not purposes of identifying accident trends.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2016). Commonly used statistics. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from https://www.osha.gov/oshstats/commonstats.html
76. B
Are located in isolated areas. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Other common targets are businesses that have large amounts of cash on hand, are poorly lit at night, or are attended by only one employee.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 388, 405-406]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
77. C
12. During the project planning process, businesses usually estimate the time it will take to complete projects. This is an important step because businesses must assign employees to work on the project. Major projects usually require a significant amount of time to complete, which means that several employees need to work on the project. In this example, the business assigns three part-time employees who each work 25 hours a week and one full-time employee. To calculate how many weeks it will take to complete a 1,380-hour project, first determine the total number of hours the employees work each week (25 hours a week X 3 employees = 75 hours a week, plus one full-time employee at 40 hours a week = 115). Then, divide the number of hours needed to complete the project by the total weekly hours (1,380 + 115 = 12).
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Larson, E. (2012, May 17). 10 steps to creating a project plan. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from https://www.projecttimes.com/articles/10-steps-to-creating-a-project-plan.html
78. A
Following an annual self-assessment and improvement process, Continuous improvement involves always moving forward to make improvements. An annual! process guides an organization to steadily improve. While minimizing defects is important to quality, setting a minimum level does not mean continuous improvement, especially when that minimum is met. Likewise, selecting the best supplier is not a continuous process. Giving managers responsibility does not necessarily mean they will work to continually improve.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: ASQ. (n.d.). Continuous improvement. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.asq. org/learn-about-quality/continuous-improvement/overview/overview.html
79. B
Operating costs. The costs of doing business, such as paying rent and utilities, are known as operating costs, Most businesses try to project what their operating costs will be to know how much money will be needed to run the business. Projected income is an estimate of the amount of money the business owner expects to earn. Inventory costs involve the amount of money a business owner must spend to purchase goods for resale. Sales revenue is income from sales.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (p. 767). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. D
Expenses. Damage to equipment can be expensive to businesses in terms of repair or replacement costs. Employees who carefully handle equipment help control business expenses by preventing damage to equipment that would cost businesses additional money. Carefully handling business equipment does not control usage, overtime, or theft.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: NCSU. (n.d.). Managers departmental checklist for employee safety training. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.ncsu.edu/ehs/safetyplan/newemplo.paf
81. D
Open-mindedness. Innovative people are open-minded, or open to new ideas. This doesn't mean they take every single new idea they hear to heart, but it does mean they don't automatically reject things that are new or unusual. Flexibility, creativity, and determination are all important traits for innovators to possess, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—lIdeas in Action (Innovation Skills)
82. C
Recognition. Praise and recognition are primary motivators for creative people. They do not exhibit a marked desire for conflict. While money and promotion may be important, they are usually secondary motives to highly creative types.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 12—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
83. D
Data. Individuals should consider what they like to do, their favorite activities, when identifying possible occupations. For example, some individuals like to keep track of information, such as facts and statistics. They enjoy doing mathematical calculations and working with complex or technical ideas. As a result, they should consider an occupation that involves working with data, such as an accountant, statistician, researcher, or website designer. Careers that relate to things involve working with tangible items, such as a landscaper who operates equipment. Careers that involve working with people require a lot of personal interaction.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2016). How to choose the right career. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.wikihow.com/Choose-the-Right-Career
84. C
Volunteer work. Volunteering is a great way to gain experience and learn different skills. Nick should include this information in his résumé because it shows potential employers that he takes initiative to get involved in different activities that interest him. It would be inappropriate for Nick to include information about his political views, salary expectations, and physical characteristics in his résumé.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). Schoo/ to career (9th ed.) [p. 335]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goadheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
85. C
Generally speaking, the U.S. population is worse off financially than before. One of the reasons there will be increased demand for financial analysts and personal financial advisors is that, generally speaking, the U.S. population is better, not worse, off than before. Other reasons for increased demand include a large segment of the population, namely Baby Boomers, is facing retirement; generally speaking, the U.S. population is better educated; and globalization of securities markets makes investing more complicated.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: PD LAP 20—Career Opportunities in Finance
86. C
It exists to protect customers from financial losses. The insurance industry delivers products that transfer risk from an individual or business to an insurance company. The insurance industry exists to protect individuals and businesses from financial losses. Insurance agent is one position in the insurance field, but there are many other jobs, as well. The job titles “auditor” and “accountant” are included in the accounting field. Accepting deposits and lending funds are jab duties for people who work in banking services.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: PD LAP 20—Career Opportunities in Finance
87. B
Increased risk of scandal. Corporate governance helps organizations avoid scandal by providing a framework for ethical behavior and allowing an organization to police itself. Insufficient corporate governance can lead to risk of scandal. It can also decrease accountability and make it difficult to know who Is responsible for what. Insufficient corporate governance can also damage public image and make decision-making more difficult.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Klazema, A. (2014, May 14). The importance of corporate governance. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from https://olog.udemy.com/importance-of-corporate-governance/
88. C
Allocating funds for the objectives in the budget. For an organization to meet its governance objectives, all members must be working toward them. An accountant can contribute to this process by understanding governance objectives and accounting for them in the budget. An accountant does not necessarily work to minimize risks associated with objectives or ensure strong community relations. Accountants may determine whether profit margins are shrinking, but this does not necessarily relate to governance objectives.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Safetrac. (2016). Achieving good corporate governance. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://www. safetrac.com.au/achieving-good-corporate-governance/
89. A
Management; stakeholders. Internal audits are performed for management within a company to analyze practices and examine risks. External audits are done by outside firms and are used by stakeholders such as investors, creditors, and lenders. External audits are generally not used by employees, management, or competitors. Internal audits are not used by stakeholders or creditors.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2015, October 30). The difference between internal and external audits. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://wwww.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/the-difference-between-internal-and-external-audits.html
90. D
Provide an objective perspective. An organization's board of directors should include both inside and independent members. Inside members are high-level executives, shareholders, or stakeholders in the organization. Independent members are not involved with the organization. They provide an objective view, keep the board transparent, and help to balance out the power of the board. They do not represent the interests of management. They also do not necessarily understand the company's inner workings, at least not as well as inside members. Independent members are not necessarily any less likely to act unethically than inside members.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Knowledge @ Wharton. (2015, June 16). How independent directors bridge the information gap. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/how- independent-directors-bridge-the-information-gap/
91. A
Wesley bases his management decisions on the strategies outlined by governance processes. Governance provides a framework for decision-making and management. Managers such as Wesley must work within the guidelines and processes established by the governing body. The manager generally does not provide the board of directors with a framework for determining goals; rather, the board of directors or other governing body provides the framework to managers, Governance processes do not necessarily aim to place strict limits on managers. Also, management and governance are rarely separate; there is usually substantial overlap as managers assist with and serve on governing bodies.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: World Bank. (n.d.). Governance and management. Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://siteresources.worldbank.org/EXTGLOREGPARPROG/Resources/grpp_sourcebook_chap12.pdf
92. A
Communication. Hard and soft skills are both important for employees who hope to progress in their careers. Soft skills are also often known as interpersonal skills or people skills. Communication is one important soft skill. Degrees, computer programming, and foreign language proficiency are all hard skills—they are teachable skills that can be more easily measured than soft skills.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Doyle, Alison. (2016, May 30). Hard skills vs. soft skills. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://jobsearch.about.com/ad/skills/qVhard-soft-skills.htm
93. A
Treating the person to a round of golf. Something as simple as four hours of golf gives you the opportunity to get to know a vendor better. It gives you an opportunity to learn the person's interests and to talk business in a casual environment. Giving the vendor an expensive gift might be construed as a bribe. Although having salespeople talk to the vendor is helpful, it doesn't foster a professional relationship with you. Offering jobs to people on the vendor's staff would create conflict rather than helping to build a positive, professional relationship.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/building-business-relationships
94. A
Withholding pertinent information from insurance underwriters. While withholding pertinent information from or misrepresenting information to insurance underwriters may help risk managers to obtain unfairly favorable premium rates from insurers in the short-term, doing so Is highly unethical and likely to cause problems in the long-term, such as when the company attempts to renew the policy. However, securing fair, favorable premium rates from insurers through ethical, honest actions is acceptable. Companies are typically required to pay a share of the loss exposures pooled through insurance. Embezzling from the organization is unethical, but reporting that someone within the company is embezzling is good, ethical risk management.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Carton, B. (2011, October 20). The role of compliance and ethics in risk management. Retrieved December 7, 2016, from https://wwww.complianceweek.com/blogs/enforcement- action/the-role-of-compliance-and-ethics-in-risk-management#.WEgj7_krKUk
95. D
Identify and prioritize their primary business risks. Risk-matrix software applications help businesses evaluate different categories of risk such as information security, investments, development costs, etc. The purpose of the risk-matrix software application is not to organize financial data in secure locations or determine the amount of their insurance premiums. Risk-matrix software applications do not eliminate external risks such as identity theft.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Chittoor, A. (2013, April 14). What is a risk matrix? Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://network. projectmanagers.net/profiles/blogs/what-is-a-risk-matrix
96. B
Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. By putting the terms of an agreement or business arrangement in a written contract that both parties sign, the business reduces the risk of misunderstanding about what is expected and what will be provided. When agreements are not documented and a problem occurs, legal action may be required, which can be costly to the business. An invoice is a bill. A premium is a fee for an insurance policy. A warrant is a legal document issued by authorities that requires an individual or business to take a certain action.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 214]. Mason, OH: Thomsen/South-Western.
97. B
Captive insurer. When businesses cannot obtain commercial insurance to cover a risk, they may legally form insurance companies as subsidiaries or sister companies to cover the losses associated with the risk. These insurance companies are called captive insurers because they exist only to serve a specific purpose—they are held "captive" by their parent companies. Lending institutions loan money to individuals and businesses. Generic provider and organic entity are not types of insurance providers.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Captive.com. (2016). What is captive insurance? Retrieved December 7, 2016, from http://www.captive.com/resources/captive-insurance-basic-information-index/what-is-captive-insurance
98. D
Obtain adequate property insurance. Businesses purchase various types of insurance to transfer risk. To minimize its risk, a business must ensure that it obtains adequate insurance coverage. For one premium amount, a business can obtain comprehensive property insurance that covers losses associated with building damage and equipment and inventory theft or damage. Businesses can select the appropriate Coverage based on their specific needs. If the business does not purchase enough insurance, the Insurance payout amount may not cover all of the business's losses, which would be more costly to the business. To maintain insurance coverage, businesses need to pay premiums when they are due, which may be on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. Disability insurance is a type of insurance that pays a percentage of employees’ salaries if they are unable to work for an extended period of time. Lenders often require that businesses carry certain types and levels of insurance before they will loan them money.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 312-313). Mason, OH: South- Western Cengage Learning.
99. A
ERM focuses on the combined impact of all risks. Enterprise risk management takes into account all of the risks that an organization may face and looks at their combined impact. Not all risks are negative; risk can be positive, and positive risks must be considered as well as negative risks. Enterprise risk management does not make it more difficult to achieve goals; in fact, it can help an organization achieve its goals. Risks are not usually related to relationships between employees; there are many types of risk related to all aspects of an organization.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, March 17). What is enterprise risk management and why is it important? Retrieved December 2, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/ask/answers/0317 15/what-enterprise-risk-management-and- why-it-important.asp
100. B
Supervisory. First-line management is made up of the supervisors who work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. Supervisors are involved in hands-on management because they are responsible for the day-to-day activities of workers. Executives are top-level managers who are responsible for the entire company. Regional managers are mid-level managers who serve as links between top-level and supervisory level management. Regulatory is not a level of management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1163
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Pay a fine. Financial institutions often have to pay fines for noncompliance. Noncompliance does not typically lead to a better reputation or new business. In fact, clients may be reluctant to do business with a financial institution known for breaking the rules. Financial institutions can be audited by government agencies.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Maguire, A. (2015, January 30). The dangers of non-compliance for your business. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/hr-laws-and-regulation/the-dangersof-non-compliance-for-your-business
2. C
Efficient. Technology can make compliance processes more efficient and effective. Manual compliance processes can be more costly, more time-consuming, and more error-prone.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: PricewaterhouseCoopers. (2011). Integrating technology into your compliance program to improve effectiveness and efficiency. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.financial-tracking.com/docs/pwc_integrating-technology-into-your-complianceprogram.pdf
3. C
Conservation. Many nations have developed environmental regulations to conserve their natural resources by requiring businesses to control pollution, dispose of hazardous waste properly, and use nonrenewable resources wisely. These regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. Nations realize that natural resources are limited and must be conserved or renewed in order to be available for future generations. Nations did not develop environmental regulations to encourage ethical behavior or moral conduct, although some environmental regulations deal with ethical and moral issues. Industrialization is the changeover from producing goods by hand labor to the use of machines and the organization of such production into industries.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: HG.org Legal Resources. (n.d.). Environment law—Environmental and natural resources law. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.hg.org/environ.html
4. A
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is owned and operated by one individual. Although Joan obtained a loan, she is still the sole owner/operator. A partnership is owned and operated by two or more people. A limited partnership exists when some (but not all) partners have limited legal liability for the business. A corporation is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by stockholders who have purchased shares of stock.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
5. B
Phishing. Phishing is an online identity theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information such as bank or credit card numbers to a legitimate website. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures new investors by promising high rates of return with little to no risk. Accounting fraud occurs when a company or organization knowingly publishes incorrect information on its financial statements. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. By claiming to be a member of the group, the target audience is more likely to trust the scammer and turn over its money to him/her.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 89-90]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
6. B
Claiming the loss as a tax deduction. The difference between the cost of an investment and the selling price of that same investment is either a capital gain or capital loss. The federal government taxes the capital gains on investments. If an investment suffers a loss in value in relation to its purchase price, the government allows the owner to claim the loss as a tax deduction. Liquidating remaining assets, obtaining a loan, and renegotiating lower insurance premiums may provide the investor with needed cash or savings, but these actions do not change or minimize the monetary loss on the investment property.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2017, August 17). Capital gains and losses - 10 helpful facts to know. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/capital-gains-andlosses-10-helpful-facts-to-know
7. B
Restating directions in your own words helps clarify them. When you restate the directions, the person giving the directions can correct any misunderstanding you may have had about what you are to do. Listening is more than hearing. Listening is an active behavior that involves understanding, evaluating, and responding to what is being said. Asking questions and taking notes will also help you to understand and to follow directions accurately.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [p. 327]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
8. B
Give concrete examples. When giving verbal instructions, it's important to give concrete examples. This will ensure that your listeners will understand exactly what they're supposed to do. You should make eye contact with your listeners, not avoid eye contact. Information should be given in as few steps as possible. This makes it easier for your listeners to remember information and keep things straight. Although writing your directions can be helpful to your recipients, it may not always be practical.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (2015). How to give verbal directions. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2108584_give-verbal-instructions.html.
9. A
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you should think about what you want to say before speaking. Make sure that you state accurate information and that you don't say something in a way that is offensive to others. You should communicate facts and express opinions when appropriate. You should talk about what's on your mind. And, you should pay attention when others are speaking.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 332-338]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
10. A
Easily understand it. Effective written communications are those that are presented clearly, in simple language, and in an interesting style so that readers will easily understand the message. Written business messages do not need to be entertaining. When written communications are unclear, complicated, or difficult to understand, readers tend to lose interest and ignore them. Readers should not have to read written communications many times to find out what they really mean.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 179-188]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
11. B
Write please and thank ou hen necessar . It's important to be polite hen riting professional emails. This means using please and thank ou hen necessar . You should a oid using all capitals, as this can make your recipient(s) think that you are angry. Your email should be brief, not as long as possible. You should get to your main point immediately, as some recipients may not read your entire email.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Gillett, R., & Smith, J. (2016, September 7). 19 unprofessional email habits that make everyone hate you. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.businessinsider.com/bad-email-habits-that-make-you-look-unprofessional-20169/#-2
12. A
An opportunity for feedback. Staff communication should not be a one way street. Maintaining open lines of communication in a business setting is important, and employees need to feel comfortable giving feedback to their coworkers and supervisors. Staff communication is not an optional formality; it's a crucial part of running a successful business. It should be continual, not saved for individual performance reviews or contained in one meeting.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Go2. (2013). Speak easy: The importance of ongoing employee communication. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from https://www.go2hr.ca/articles/speak-easy-importance-ongoingemployee-communications
13. B
Read important documents and do research ahead of time so you're prepared. The most important way to participate in a staff meeting is by making sure you're prepared! Read any necessary documents and do research if needed. Personal concerns should not be brought up in staff meetings; instead, bring these up in private meetings with your manager. Although you may be tempted to respond to emails or check your phone during any slow points in the meeting, it's important to pay attention. Even if you don't know much about the topic everyone else is discussing, listen politely. You don't need to share your opinion about everything being discussed. You don't want to dominate the conversation give someone else a chance to speak! Quietly listening is appropriate and polite.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (n.d.) Six tips on how to participate in a meeting. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://work.chron.com/six-tips-participate-meeting-2014.html
14. A
Listen respectfully. The best way for businesses to communicate with customers is to listen respectfully. Customers have a lot of useful information to give businesses if they will listen. Renting billboards, sending direct mail, and providing information about the business are all forms of communication, but none is as valuable as listening.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Suspicious. Suspicious customers only want the facts, and they don't like being pushed. Once you gain their confidence and trust, you will have a customer for life. Dishonest customers may steal goods or purchase items, use them, and return them for a full refund, if they can get away with it. Disagreeable customers are negative, quick tempered, and may never be your best customer. Slow/Methodical customers generally need help to feel comfortable about buying a good/service each time they go shopping.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. C
What are the client's expectations? To provide the level of service that their clients desire, finance professionals need to understand and know the level of service and communication that their clients expect. To build long-term client relationships, finance professionals should participate in ongoing communication with clients, which includes following up with clients to answer questions and resolve problems. Answering questions about personal career goals and personal financial returns are not directly related to providing the appropriate levels of service to clients.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Jarrell, M. (2015, August 4). 7 questions all financial advisors need to ask. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-advisors/080415/7questions-all-financial-advisors-need-ask.asp
17. B
Customer life. The basic steps of the customer life cycle involve attracting current customers, acquiring new customers, serving the customers, and retaining the customers. The accounting cycle begins when a sale is made and ends when the books are closed in accounting. Business cycles are the rise and fall in economic activity that businesses experience. Customer complaint cycle is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: CRMsolution.com. (n.d.). CRM software strategy: Sample CRM objectives. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.crmsolution.com/crm-strategy.html
18. B
Conserving the resources. The most environmentally friendly way to make the most of limited resources is to decrease (conserve) the amount being used. Tapping the resources and increasing production would increase usage. When resources are scare and demand is high, prices tend to increase rather than decrease.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
19. C
Production. The movement of goods, services, and resources is possible because of four economic activities: consumption, production, exchange, and distribution. In order for consumption to occur, goods and services must be made or produced. Production relies on consumers to provide resources, and consumption relies on producers to provide goods and services. Opportunity is a chance or benefit. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
20. A
Financial risk. Businesses that exhibit unethical behavior expose themselves to increased financial risk through lost productivity, fines, employee turnover, and more. Unethical behavior often leads to decreased sales, because customers prefer to buy from companies they perceive as ethical. Unethical actions typically lead to a negative public image among customers. Stock values often decrease as a result of declining sales revenue and a diminished public image.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106 On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
21. C
Robbery. Robbery and theft insurance covers specific risks such as theft of equipment or merchandise or risk of holdups. Spoilage, competition, and economic conditions are risks that usually cannot be covered by insurance.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
22. A
Progressive. Gary favors a progressive tax structure. A progressive tax structure is one in which those who earn more are required to pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes. In other words, as the income increases, the tax rate also increases. The U.S. income tax is a progressive tax. If using a regressive tax structure, people who earn more income pay a lower percentage of income in taxes. As income increases, the tax rate decreases. Sales and excise taxes are considered to be regressive taxes, because people with lower incomes ultimately pay a larger percentage of their income in sales and excise taxes. A proportional tax structure is one in which everyone pays the same percentage of income in taxes, regardless of income level. Few taxes are completely proportional in nature. Exclusive is not a type of tax structure.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
23. A
Strengthen their bargaining power. Workers want better wages, working conditions, and hours, but they have no real power as individuals to bargain effectively with management for these things. Banding together in a union gives them this power.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: LAP-EC-005 Get United (Organized Labor)
24. B
Output decreases. Interest is the money payments for the use of borrowed money. Payment amounts vary when interest rates change. When interest rates rise, the economy often experiences a decline in consumer demand, in consumer spending, in job growth, and in output. Output refers to the goods and services produced as the result of combining inputs an output is a product available for sale. Output decreases because product demand and consumer spending decrease when interest rates rise. High interest rates do not necessarily result in higher profits for businesses or mean that the costs of goods decrease.
SOURCE: EC:084
SOURCE: Economics Help. (2016). Effect of raising interest rates. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from www.economicshelp.org/macroeconomics/monetary-policy/effect-raising-interest-rates
25. B
Strive to communicate clearly. Avoiding the use of slang is a way to communicate more clearly with those from other cultures, who might not understand the hidden meaning of the words. This is a communication issue, not necessarily an issue of respect, patience, or expecting differences to arise.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
26. B
Cara stereotypes other people. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person or thing. Stereotyping is believing that all the people in a particular group are alike or very similar. In this case, Cara believes that all blondes are dumb and lazy. She is not a good judge of people because her opinions of others are based on prejudice or bias. Stereotyping is often the result of a closed mind. It is unfair and creates problems for everyone because it makes people less tolerant of others.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139 Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
27. B
Balances her/his needs with those of others. A person who is fair balances her/his personal needs with the needs of others. Fairness doesn't mean that we always get what we want. No one gets her/his own way all the time. Fairness is making sure that one person doesn't always win out over the other. Fairness also means pursuing justice rather than vengeance. People who are fair protect their rights, but not at the expense of others.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. B
Are ethical principles being violated? When determining whether you're facing an ethical dilemma, you should ask ourself, "Are ethical principles being violated?" The other three alternatives are not questions that determine whether or not you are facing an ethical dilemma.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125 Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
29. A
Manage your work commitments effectively. By planning ahead and determining how long it will take you to complete your tasks, you can better manage your commitments. Planning your work helps you to avoid scheduling too many activities that are close together, which may cause you problems in maintaining commitments. Planning your workload also reduces procrastination, which is putting tasks off until the last minute. Training and practice, rather than planning ahead, will help you to improve your technical skills. Planning ahead and estimating the time it will take to complete various tasks will not reduce your workload, but will help you work more efficiently.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Birkinshaw, J., & Cohen, J. (2013, September). Make time for the work that matters. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from https://hbr.org/2013/09/make-time-for-the-work-thatmatters
30. B
Improve your ability to do the job. Constructive criticism points out mistakes for the purpose of helping someone to improve. It is your responsibility to accept the criticism and to improve your job performance. Showing you your lack of ability, demonstrating the supervisor's superior job knowledge, or trying to hurt or discredit you are examples of destructive criticism.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. A
Make changes of their own. Some outside changes create problems for businesses and make it necessary for them to make changes of their own. These may be changes in the organizational structure, workloads, or functions. Most successful businesses realize that change is a fact of life and that they should not resist changes that will benefit the company. Economic changes would only prompt the business to expand if the economic change is for the better. Technological changes would cause the business to hire more skilled workers with special training.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Quick Base. (2012, January 19). Being an adaptable leader is a new requirement. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.quickbase.com/blog/being-an-adaptable-leader-is-anew-requirement
32. D
Assertive. Assertive behavior is characterized by a willingness to stand up for one's own rights while showing respect for the rights of others. The goals of assertive behavior include improving the general quality of relationships, self-esteem, mutual respect and understanding, and cooperation. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit others in order to achieve personal goals. Aggressive behavior is one kind of negative behavior. Independent behavior is characterized by the tendency to make decisions without consulting others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
33. C
Low morale. Companies work best when employees are enthusiastic about the work they do. However, it's hard for employees to get excited about their work when they're under a lot of stress. Productivity is usually reduced in people who are stressed. Burnout is a type of exhaustion that is usually caused by too much stress. Endorphins are released through exercise and make people feel happier and calmer.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025 Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
34. D
Job satisfaction. Knowing that you are making a contribution to the business by being part of a team can improve your self-confidence and job satisfaction. It can also improve your decision-making and problemsolving skills. Teams often improve overall productivity, expense control, and product quality; however, these are benefits to the business rather than to the individual.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045 Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
35. C
Have a clear picture of what your goals in life are. Having a personal vision allows you to set goals for yourself that fully align with your ultimate ambitions, making seemingly tough decisions much easier. Having a personal vision does not mean that you will face tough decisions less frequently, or that you will be successful no matter what decisions you make. You will still need to reflect carefully before making any decisions to ensure that your choice will help you achieve your goals.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063 Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
36. B
Knowledge gap. Brittanie has a knowledge gap something she simply doesn't know. It isn't a bias or prejudice preconceived idea about something or someone. And, it isn't necessarily a viability problem an issue with the long-term value of Brittanie's choices. She can learn about the program or help her coworker find a person who can answer the question.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137 Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
37. A
Developing a new wood-cutting device to sell. An innovative entrepreneurial endeavor is one that involves creating or inventing something new to sell in the marketplace, such as a new wood-cutting device. A coffee shop, a sushi franchise, and a trendy online clothing store all sell commonly known products and are not examples of innovative endeavors because nothing new is being developed or invented.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 587-588]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
38. B
Money. Money is the most common medium of exchange. Countries use different forms of currency. For example, the Japanese use the yen, Mexico uses the peso, many European countries use the euro, and the United States and Canada use the dollar. A bond is a lending security, and stock is an ownership security.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Phelps, C. (1999-2012). Types of foreign currency. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/about_5349743_types-foreign-currency.html
39. C
Subtract all applicable fees from. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank statement that details your checking account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter transactions in your check register, you may overdraft your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When reconciling your check register, you want to make sure that you have subtracted all fees including debit card transactions and ATM withdrawals. You should add the interest earned if your account is set up to earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Mycreditunion.gov. (2016). Understanding a check and balancing a checkbook. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.mycreditunion.gov/Pages/pocket-cents-understandinga-check-and-balancing-checkbook.aspx
40. B
Credit unions, savings and loan associations, and commercial banks. Deposit-taking financial institutions accept funds from customers (depositors) and pay interest on the funds. Credit unions, commercial banks, savings and loan associations (banks), and mutual savings banks are types of deposit-taking financial institutions. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares of the company. Brokerages are financial intermediaries that sell securities. Insurance firms sell insurance and securities. Corporations, brokerages, and insurance firms are not types of deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Introduction—Types of financial institutions and their rates. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporatefinance/1/financial-institutions.aspx
41. C
Short-term debt securities. Investors who put their funds into a money market are typically looking for a source of additional capital that will mature in a short period of time, usually less than one year. Examples of short-term debt securities include Treasury bills and certificates of deposit. Short-term debt securities often carry less risk than long-term debt and equity securities, which are bought and sold on capital markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Maverick, J.B. (2015, May 13). What's the difference between short-term investments and marketable securities? Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051315/whats-difference-between-shortterminvestments-and-marketable-securities.asp
42. C
One-stop shopping environment for consumers. Convergence, which is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors, and consolidation, which is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category, have created a one-stop shopping environment for consumers. Rather than having to go to different financial providers for different financial products and services, customers can find all of the financial products that they need banking services, insurance policies, brokerage services, etc. in one place, from one company. Rather than creating a highly compartmentalized finance industry, convergence and consolidation have created finance companies that want to be everything to everybody. Rather than specializing in any one service, many of today's financial firms offer a vast array of products and services. As financial firms merge and grow in size, it becomes more difficult for financial experts and the government to get an accurate picture of the firms' current financial condition. As finance corporations expand their product offerings to encompass several financial sectors, it becomes increasingly difficult to determine which agency should oversee the companies. There is no single supervisory agency to regulate the entire finance industry.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 4-49 4-51). Columbus, OH: Author.
43. A
Healthcare. Healthcare, food, drink, and tobacco are generally considered to be non-cyclical industries, meaning that they are not greatly impacted by changes in the business cycle. The demand for such products and their stocks remains fairly steady regardless of the stage of the business cycle. Stocks in industry sectors such as energy, technology, and capital goods, on the other hand, often change in response to changes in the business cycle. The energy sector is affected by supply and demand of energy around the world, and political unrest can impact the industry considerably. Energy stocks seem to perform best late in the business cycle. Technology stocks are also affected by the business cycle, often in direct relation to the demand for capital goods. Technology stocks and capital goods stocks do well during business cycle expansion.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2016, May 12). A beginner's guide to economic indicators. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://economics.about.com/cs/businesscycles/a/economic_ind.htm
44. B
Business expansion slows quickly. Slower business expansion is one factor that indicates an economic recession. When business productivity slows, there is less work for laborers. When there is less work for laborers, businesses tend to lay off employees, causing unemployment rates to rise. Unemployment leads to less consumer spending because the displaced workers do not have income available to buy goods and services, including financial products. Fluctuating interest rates do not always indicate problems with financial markets because slight daily fluctuations are normal. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is rebounding, that people are working, and that people have more money to invest in the financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2016, May 12). A beginner's guide to economic indicators. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://economics.about.com/cs/businesscycles/a/economic_ind.htm
45. B
Emerging market economy. Emerging markets are growing markets (e.g., stock, bond, commodities, etc.) that result when a country initiates reforms that move it from a closed economy to an open or market economy. An integrated financial market involves a market with barrier-free financial flow. An economic recession is a six-month contraction in the gross domestic product (GDP). Because circumstances change and many factors affect the health of an economy, economic systems are not recession-proof. An industrial-based market is a market in which businesses sell goods and services to industrial businesses.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Emerging market economy. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/emergingmarketeconomy.asp
46. B
A company's annual report. A company's annual report is an example of an internal source, because it comes from the company itself. The Value Line Investment Survey®, brokerage firm research, and financial web portals are all examples of external stock information resources.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
47. D
Access a financial website. Pricing on the stock exchange fluctuates constantly, so accessing a financial website such as Bloomberg can give Kayla the most current information. A newspaper is typically printed on a daily basis so some of the information in the stock table is likely to be outdated by the time Kayla reads it. The "About Us" section of a business's website discusses the purpose of the business. The annual report is an overview of the business's performance for the previous year. Neither the "About Us" section of a business's website nor a business's annual report will contain the most current pricing for different stocks.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
48. A
Themselves. Businesses invest money just as individuals do, with the hope for a healthy return. Often, businesses invest back into themselves by researching and developing new products, purchasing the latest and most efficient technologies, expanding into new markets, etc. They may also invest in stocks, bonds, or real estate, but putting money back into the company is the most common form of business investment.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
49. C
Consistent. Consistent financial information results from the application of similar or identical accounting methods and systems over time within an organization. The Normandy Company has applied very similar accounting methods over its 20 years of operation. Therefore, the company's financial information is likely to be consistent. However, consistent information is not necessarily comparable, reliable, or conservative. There is no way of knowing if the company's accounting methods are similar to those of other businesses in the industry, so the accounting information may not be comparable. Reliable information is accurate and unbiased. The Normandy Company, though, could easily have inaccurate financial information, even though it is consistent. Conservative financial information does not overstate assets and sales or understate liabilities and expenses. There is no indication that the Normandy Company's information is conservative.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
50. A
Track credit transactions. Accounting software programs allow businesses to efficiently track various financial data and generate financial reports. Accounting software tracks bank and credit transactions, generates invoices, and maintains tax information. Some accounting software programs have inventory applications. Inventory software applications are used to track various types of stock, including office supplies, raw materials, and resale items. Multimedia software is used to create and play audio and video media. Simulation software applications are used to create virtual situations that are similar to real-life situations, such as aircraft-flight simulations.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Shanker, S. (n.d.). Information on accounting and information technology. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6603681_information-accountinginformation-technology.html
51. B
Revenue. Revenue is the money received by resource owners and by producers for supplying goods and services to consumers. Revenue is an important component of an income statement because it indicates the total amount of money a business earns from all sources such as sales, interest, and dividends. A business's revenue should exceed its expenses in order for the business to make a profit. Taxes are calculated on the net income determined by the income statement. Assets are anything of value that a business owns. Liabilities are debts that a business owes.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
52. A
Dividends paid. Retained earnings are the income that a corporation keeps after paying dividends to its stockholders. This amount, which includes any forwarding balance of retained earnings from the previous accounting period, is reported on the company's statement of equity, which is also called the statement of retained earnings. The depreciation of assets, sales tax payable, and bad or uncollectible debt are not included on the statement of equity.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2017, March 17). What is a statement of retained earnings? Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/yourfinancialposition/tp/Statement_Retained_Earnings.htm
53. A
Incrementalism. Incrementalism is the diminishing of ethical values over time. Penny's ethical standards have decreased over time. She might have once thought she would never exaggerate financial projections, but now she does it frequently and does not believe it is wrong. Self-interest is looking out for your own wellbeing and acting accordingly. Obedience to authority is the tendency to please authority figures and go along with them. Conformity is the tendency to behave in the same way that everyone else does, rather than exercising our own judgment.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355 Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
54. C
Qualitative factors. Marginal analysis only focuses on quantitative differences among choices and does not consider qualitative factors, such as customer service or trusted recommendations. Marginal analysis does account for sunk costs, which are costs that cannot be recovered and thus should not be included in marginal analysis. Outsourcing is using suppliers outside of an organization, and is one possible decision that could come out of a marginal analysis. Labor costs are generally considered when a marginal analysis is performed.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Crosson, S.V., & Needles, B.E. (2014). Managerial accounting (10th ed.) [pp. 332-344]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. B
Recording and classifying transactions. Managerial accounting can aid in the implementation phase of a decision-making process through the practice of recording and classifying transactions. For example, if a payment is made to a designer, the payment will be recorded and classified for future reference. Budgeting expected revenue is a managerial accounting technique that would assist during the planning stages of the decision-making process. Comparing results to the budget would occur during the evaluation stage of the decision-making process. Representing plans financially is manifested in the budget and other reports that are completed during the planning phase, rather than during implementation.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Datar, S.M., & Rajan, M.V. (2014). Managerial accounting: Making decisions and motivating performance (p. 11). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
56. A
Provide a lofty goal for employees to strive for. Some businesses challenge employees by setting ideal standards standards that are or are almost unattainable because they're set so high. They identify the quantity and quality of output that can occur if no mistakes or errors occur and if workers do not need to rest. These businesses feel that these standards help employees to strive to achieve more than they would if attainable standards were set. Although some workers are challenged by the lofty goals, others question why they should bother with the work since the standards can't be reached.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Crosson, S.V., & Needles, B.E. (2014). Managerial accounting (10th ed.) [p. 218]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. B
Make informed decisions. Managerial or cost accounting involves obtaining and analyzing data about a business's activities (e.g., financial), which the business's employees use to make decisions. For example, managerial accounting information might reveal that sales are lower than anticipated and overhead is higher than expected for a specific time period. The appropriate employees can use the information to make decisions to help the business get back on track (e.g., cut unnecessary costs, increase efficiency). Businesses can monitor external factors, but cannot control them. Obtaining a loan might be a decision that a business makes as a result of the managerial accounting information it obtains. Not all businesses are legally established as corporations, so the primary purpose of managerial accounting is not to help employees understand corporate policies, which is usually a human resources function.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Managerial accounting. Retrieved September 27, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/managerialaccounting.asp
58. C
Allocation. Cost allocation is the assignment of costs to cost objects, such as a project, a department, a customer, etc. The company in this example allocates the cost of its new software system to two departments. This is not considered cost accumulation, dividing, or precision.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2015). What is cost allocation? Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-cost-allocation
59. D
$7,111.75. To determine how much you should invest today, calculate the present value of your investment using the formula Present Value = Future Value / (1 + Interest Rate) Number of Years. So, the present value of your investment is equal to $8,000 / (1 + 0.04) 3. To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1 + 0.04 = 1.04). Next, raise this sum to the third power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself three times (1.043 = 1.04 X 1.04 X 1.04 = 1.1249). Finally, divide the future value of your investment by this product ($8,000 / 1.1249 = $7,111.75). To have $8,000 in three years, you need to invest $7,111.75 today.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Garrison, S. (n.d.). Time value of money: Self-paced overview. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.studyfinance.com/lessons/timevalue/index.mv
60. C
A financial-information management system can be used to support operations management decisions. Operations managers might use a financial-information management system to determine operating efficiency, manage inventory, or evaluate key suppliers. Although technology is an integral part of financial-information management function, it is not the only part. The financial-information management function involves people, processes, and equipment/technology. Due to increased compliance requirements, the financial-information management function's responsibilities have increased in recent years. Much more data must be maintained by the financial-information management system for longer periods of time as a result of new laws and regulations. Data in a financial-information management system should be current. In many situations, decision makers need to know what is happening right now, not what happened months or even years ago.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [pp. 294298]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
61. A
Protect their customers' privacy. Businesses have an ethical responsibility to maintain the privacy of their customers' financial information. Businesses must take precautions to ensure that customers' credit information, bank accounts, and other types of financial data are kept confidential. To maintain confidentiality, businesses must develop and implement security policies. These policies may restrict the employees' access to customers' financial information. Maintaining a safe work environment involves physical safety. Safeguarding cash drawers is a security issue rather than privacy issue regarding information. Collection procedures are the steps that employees take to collect money from others.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Kothari, J. (2010). Conceptual framework for financial reporting. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://catalogue.pearsoned.co.uk/assets/hip/gb/hip_gb_pearsonhighered/samplechapter/Kot hariCh2.pdf
62. D
Digital microfilm scanner. Businesses must keep a variety of financial information for a certain length of time, often for several years. Many businesses have saved their archived financial information on microfilm. Microfilm is a type of film that stores photographed images and text in a condensed format for easy storage. A digital microfilm scanner can take existing microfilm, which is older technology, and convert it into a digital format. The advantage to switching microfilm records to a digital format is that businesses can easily view the data on computers and share information quickly through the Internet. Direct-response software is a computer program that helps businesses automate their direct-marketing efforts. Electronic data interchange (EDI) is a network of computers that allows businesses to share information. Businesses use web-development programs to develop and maintain web sites.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Tomas, L. (n.d.). How to convert mircrofilm with personal scanner. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from https://ourpastimes.com/scan-microfilm-personal-scanner-7470174.html
63. A
Revenue recognition. The primary function of budgeting software is to help a business forecast and monitor income and expenses for all of its functions, including sales, promotion, production, payroll, etc. Advanced software can generate different types of reports by integrating financial data from a variety of sources (e.g., cash flows) to help the business make decisions about how to best manage its money. Because an important aspect of budgeting involves knowing how much money the business has at any given time, revenue recognition applications help the business track various sources of revenue. Analyzing the amount of revenue available helps the business determine how to allocate funds to cover its various cash outflows, such as capital expenses, inventory purchases, and operating (e.g., workflow) expenses.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage Corporation. (2001-2014). Compare Budget Maestro budgeting software products. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://centage.com/Products/Editions/Budget-MaestroCompare.asp
64. D
Benchmarking. Many financial-analysis software applications can provide users with benchmarking information that compares a company's financial performance with other specific companies in its industry and/or with industry standards. Other financial-analysis software features include ratio analysis, DuPont modeling, and forecasting. Financial ratios are comparisons of different numbers from a business's financial statement. Most financial-analysis software calculates the different financial ratios automatically and then evaluates those ratios to determine company strengths and weaknesses for the user. DuPont modeling helps the user to examine the impact of each financial ratio on return on equity. Forecasting features are often used to make predictions, develop budgets, and experiment with what-if scenarios.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Jackson, A. (2014, June 13). Ratio analysis and industry benchmarking reveal hidden messages in your financial statements. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/x/320334/Audit/Ratio+Analysis+and+Industry+Benchm arking+Reveal+Hidden+Messages+in+Your+Financial+Statements
65. A
Sustainability report. Sustainability reporting looks beyond the business's financial data and summarizes its position in terms of social responsibility its governance practices, commitment to stakeholders, and the economic effect on the natural environment and community at large. A business that uses all of its resources responsibly and has a positive effect on the external environment is more likely to be sustainable in a position to continue operating long-term. Existing and potential stakeholders often review a business's sustainability report when making investment decisions because they do not want to invest in a company that is not sustainable. A mission statement is a brief summary of what the business owner wants a business to be doing it defines the business's overall purpose. An executive summary is the component of a complex report that summarizes the key points of the entire document. An action plan documents the methods in which a business will carry out a project or activity.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Global Reporting Initiative. (2011). Sustainability reporting guidelines: The purpose of a sustainability report. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/G3.1-Guidelines-Incl-Technical-Protocol.pdf
66. D
Develop a financial strategy to help the customer. Whether the finance professional works internally or externally, or works with individuals or businesses, s/he should be able to analyze the customer's financial information to recommend an appropriate financial strategy for the "customer." Business management would declare a company in bankruptcy based on information provided by the finance professional. Just having a customer's financial information requires finance professionals to protect its privacy analysis is not required. The customer's marketing department would determine its newest target market, while the finance professional will measure the target market's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Kolakowski, M. (2017, March 12). Financial planner. Retrieved September 15, 2017, from http://financecareers.about.com/od/financialplanner/a/finplanner.htm
67. D
Human resources management. This is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. One way that computer technology impacts this process is by making it possible for businesses to post employment information online so it is available to job seekers in many locations at the same time. As a result, potential job applicants throughout the world have an opportunity to access the Internet and view information about job openings and, in many cases, complete online applications. Business development usually involves attracting more customers to increase sales. Corporate communications usually involves communication within the business. Organizational decisionmaking involves making decisions about the structure of the business.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [pp. 176177]. South-Western, Cengage Learning.
68. B
Learn where activities are located in the park to answer visitors' questions courteously. Businesses work hard to develop and maintain a certain brand or image in the minds of their customers. Employees are touch points that help the business reinforce that image by the ways in which they conduct their work. Front-line employees (e.g., ticket takers, concession workers, ride operators) should greet the customers pleasantly and be able to direct them to various park services. So employees understand what is expected of them, management should communicate and train the employees and familiarize them with the park. Front-line employees may hand out brochures, but they usually do not print them. The public relations function carries out public relations activities. Designated employees will arrive at the park before it opens to perform pre-opening duties.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
69. C
Visit the bank's website. Because many businesses post and update product information on their websites, their customers can access information they need 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Many customers obtain product information from websites because it is quick, convenient, accurate, and secure. A bank's financial officer does not usually take routine customer-service calls and may not be available to take a customer's call. Customers usually do not need to make appointments with bank tellers. Driving to the bank to get a product brochure is not as efficient as visiting the bank's website. Because the interest rates for financial products change, product brochures may not contain the most current rates.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 250251]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
70. C
Create a system and keep only what she needs. Irene may think she's playing it safe by keeping every single piece of paperwork, but she's actually making her job much harder. When she keeps everything, it's more difficult to find the things she actually needs. This leads to frustration and wasted time. Irene should create a system to decide what she actually needs to keep and then toss all other documents. Although Irene may want to consider storing her documents virtually instead of physically, this wouldn't necessarily help her become more organized. While virtual storage wouldn't take up physical space, Irene could still waste just as much time searching through a mess of documents if she insists on saving everything. Irene doesn't need to hire a new employee to handle the filing; instead, creating a system will make Irene's files easier to use. Irene should resist purging all of her old documents there are many things she'll need to keep, both for practical and legal reasons.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Lawson, S. (2009, May 6). Why IT should start throwing data away. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.pcworld.com/businesscenter/article/164457/article.html
71. A
Constantly changing. Information management can be a challenge because the business world is constantly changing. Companies can't sit back and assume their current programs will continue to fit the bill. They must stay alert to information management needs and trends and be willing to adjust accordingly. Business technology is always changing, and companies' information is often electronic rather than paper. Employees often suffer from too much information, known as information overload.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
72. B
Operating system. An operating system runs the computer, serving as a go-between for hardware and software applications. In addition, the operating system provides security for the computer system. A server is any combination of hardware or software designed to provide services to clients. Application software is software that enables the users to perform specific tasks, such as word processing. A computer's hard drive is the element of the system that stores software applications, the operating system, and other data.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (2015). Operating system. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
73. D
Talk to her boss in person instead of sending an email. Jillian should reconsider sending an email. If she's concerned about the possibility of misinterpretation, she should discuss the matter with her boss in person. That way, Jillian can explain herself immediately or discuss any concerns her boss may have. It's also a good idea to discuss this in person because other people have the potential to see the email. It may even be read by the coworkers Jillian is discussing, which would likely not help her situation. Jillian should avoid using emoticons in her email you should never use emoticons when emailing supervisors. Jillian should also avoid sending a lengthy email. In general, people dislike reading long documents online. Just as she should stay away from emoticons, Jillian should also avoid being too informal in her email. When emailing a supervisor, it's important to be respectful and professional.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 173-181). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
74. B
Avoid the use of decorative fonts. Decorative fonts are often difficult to see and read, so it is best to avoid using them when developing slideshow presentations. Flashy backgrounds and too much clipart can be distracting and take away from the message, so it is best to limit the use of these elements as well. The number of slides needed for the presentation depends on the topic; therefore, it may be necessary to use more than twelve slides to support the presentation's message.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 268-278). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
75. A
Date/Time stamp. The date/time stamp enables a business to identify the date and time that a particular record was added to the database. This can help a business track employees' keying activities and track when customers are added to the database. The validation-rules application enables a database developer to restrict how and/or what data can be keyed in a particular database field. The data replication application involves copying data from one database to another. This enables users to access the data they need to perform their tasks without interfering with others' work. The sort application enables users to view only the data they need to view, such as orders placed on a particular date.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (n.d.). How to add a date or time stamp to an Access 2010 database table. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://databases.about.com/od/tutorials/ht/Access_2010_Timestamps.htm
76. C
Economy. Inflation is a factor associated with the economy. The economy greatly affects businesses and the decisions they must make to satisfy customers and remain profitable. Inflation is not necessarily involved in technology, competition, or demographics (the physical and social characteristics of the population).
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015 Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
77. D
Logistics. Operations are the day-to-day activities for continued business functioning. Logistics refers to the function of operations that manages the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. Logistics includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing (e.g., type of warehouse) and transporting goods (e.g., shipping method). Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Maintenance needs refer to the routine maintenance and repair of business facilities and equipment. The operations function controls many activities within the business, which means that this function encounters a lot of expenses incurred by the business. Therefore, expense control is an important operations activity because it focuses on efficiency and keeping the business's costs low for its day-to-day activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
78. D
It is cheaper than producing a physical prototype. Computer-aided design (CAD) uses computer technology to design and modify products. Designers use CAD because it saves them the money and time of creating a prototype. CAD does not manufacture products; computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) does. CAD does not control or order stock. It decreases, not increases, the time spent designing products.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Trika. J. (2016, August 17). The advantages of computer aided design over traditional drafting. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from https://www.crowdreviews.com/blog/theadvantages-of-computer-aided-design-over-traditional-drafting/
79. A
Determine the severity of the injury. The first thing an employee should do if an accident occurs and a customer is injured is to determine the severity of the injury and decide quickly whether the injury is lifethreatening. If the injury appears to be life-threatening, the employee should then call the emergency squad. If the injury does not appear to be life-threatening, the employee should notify the department manager who will then handle the situation. Once the customer has been cared for, the employee should complete an accident report form.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Find Law. (n.d.) The small business owner and slip-and-fall accidents. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.findlaw.com/liability-and-insurance/the-small-businessowner-and-slip-and-fall-accidents.html
80. A
Wikis. Project management can benefit greatly from user-generated, user-updated websites called wikis. Encyclopedias, forums, and flash drives are not names of commonly used technologies for project management.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-006 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
81. B
Time-management. Time management is the process of controlling events in order to accomplish priorities. Time-management skills are techniques that can be applied to aid in the wise use of time. These techniques include preparing to-do lists and scheduling activities. By developing timemanagement skills, project managers will be able to plan and control activities to do the required work in the amount of time that is available. Creative thinking is a process that generates new ideas, approaches, and solutions. Managers use information to prepare to-do lists and schedule activities, but the process is not considered to be information-based. Problem-solving skills involve the ability to find solutions to obstacles or problems.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Kloppenborg, T.J. (2015). Contemporary project management (3rd ed.) [p. 9]. Stamford, CT: Cengage Learning.
82. A
The company's production capabilities and the cost of making the needed parts. When making a makeor-buy decision, a purchasing specialist should consider whether the company is capable of making the needed parts and whether it would be cost effective for the company to make the parts instead of purchasing them. A purchasing specialist does not need to consider the sales of the finished product, the purchasing department structure, or the marketing mix when making a make-or-buy decision.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
83. C
Control its expenses. Most businesses have a petty cash fund from which employees withdraw small sums of money to buy such items as stamps, pens, notepads, or tape that are needed unexpectedly or in a hurry. Employees should record each of these purchases so that the business knows what was purchased and can control the amount spent if necessary. Keeping a record also helps to protect the petty cash fund from employee theft. There is no law that a business must record petty cash purchases. Keeping a record of the petty cash does not improve cash flow, the movement of funds in and out of the business, or reduce major spending since all petty cash purchases are small.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
84. A
Think in new ways. Employees who have innovation skills are able to think in new ways and come up with new ideas and new solutions to problems and situations. Having innovation skills helps employees to think critically and find effective options and solutions to work-related issues. Employees who have innovation skills do not necessarily behave aggressively or socialize effectively. Having innovation skills helps employees to find solutions to problems rather than react to problems.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126 Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
85. D
Arrange everything within easy reach. A lot of time can be wasted when work areas are unorganized. Desks or counters should be free of clutter. Everything should be arranged so that you don't have to walk across the room to use it. Files should be kept in your desk, in filing cabinets, or in storage areas when no longer needed. Reference materials should be close to your desk for easy, quick use.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001 About Time (Time Management in Business)
86. C
Full-time manager needed immediately. Two years' experience required. Equal opportunity employer. Businesses frequently use abbreviations in their want ads. In this example, F/T Mgr. is an abbreviation for full-time manager; immed. is an abbreviation for immediately; yrs. exp. req. is an abbreviation for years' experience required; and EOE is an abbreviation for equal opportunity employer. Applicants should learn the language of classified ads to understand the nature of the position, its requirements, and the employer.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 74-82). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
87. A
Nickname. When signing the sections of an employment application that require a signature, applicants should always use their correct name, not a nickname. A nickname is a familiar form of a proper name and is generally used only by a person's family and friends. Nicknames are not considered to be professional and should not be used on applications, which are types of business documents. If an applicant has a title, such as doctor, it is acceptable to include the title with the signature. An individual's surname, or last name, is always included in the signature. Applicants should include their initials because it is possible for several people to have the same first and last names, but they usually have different middle initials.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 74-80). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
88. B
Credit analyst. Credit analysts research and confirm loan applicants' employment, income, and credit histories to ensure that the bank has the correct information. It is important to verify the accuracy of the loan applicants' information to reduce risks associated with loan defaults. This information helps credit analysts like Lynette determine if the bank should lend funds to customers. The collections function involves collecting past-due payments from customers. A chartered financial consultant is a licensed financial advisor with special certification in retirement and estate planning. A bank agent or agent bank is an intermediary in the banking industry.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020 Career Opportunities in Finance
89. D
Corporate finance. The corporate finance function in a company is to manage policy and strategy for liquidity and solvency. In other words, people who work in corporate finance (like Eduardo) are in charge of finding money for their company and then making sure that money is managed correctly. These are not job duties for people who work in banking services, securities and investments, or insurance.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020 Career Opportunities in Finance
90. B
Stakeholders'. Corporate governance is the system of rules and practices that control the company. Corporate governance revolves around balancing the desires of the stakeholders in a company. Corporate governance is not just concerned with the CEO's or vendors' desires; instead, it focuses on the desires of all stakeholders, including customers, financiers, the community, the government, and managers. Corporate governance is not necessarily concerned with a company's competitors' desires.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Corporate governance. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
91. D
Independent thinking. It is important for members of a corporation's board of directors to be able to think independently. This involves questioning current policies and proposed actions so that the board as a whole acts in the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders. Board members should also be open-minded and willing to listen to suggestions and different opinions so they can make informed, thoughtful decisions. Conformit often in ol es follo ing or agreeing ith others to fit in ith the group. Conformity can lead to decision-making practices that do not look out for the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Hoban, M. (2013, March 8). Outstanding directors: The five essential traits for great directors. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.bizjournals.com/baltimore/printedition/2013/03/08/outstanding-directors-the-five.html
92. C
Chief executive officer. The board of directors is the group of people chosen to govern the activities of a corporation. The board members are elected by the corporation's shareholders. The corporation's chief executive officer (CEO) reports directly to the board of directors. The vice president of operations is most likely to report to the CEO. The accounting manager and director of marketing are mid-level managers. The accounting manager is most likely to report to the vice president of finance, and the director of sales is most likely to report to the vice president of marketing.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). The basics of corporate structure. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/03/022803.asp
93. B
Trade publications. Trade publications are journals or magazines published by a particular industry for the businesses in that industry. Trade publications provide current information on what is happening in an industry and what can be expected in the future. Employees often read trade publications in order to keep up-to-date with trends and events in their specific industries. Consumer reports, news magazines, and local periodicals are general-interest publications directed toward a broad audience rather than a particular industry.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 327-328]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
94. B
Social networking. Networking involves connecting with others who might help them accomplish their personal career and professional goals. By networking with others working in the same profession, finance professionals often learn about employment and continuing education opportunities as well as gain leads for prospective clients. Professional networking can occur under a variety of circumstances, while at work, during a professional association meeting, or in a social situation, such as the cookout that Tony attended. Tony and Melissa did not meet at a formal event, in an educational setting, or in a corporate environment.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 56-58]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
95. A
Understanding loss experience and exposure to an insurance underwriter. Ethical behavior and risk management are closely related. Unethical behavior can expose a company to a variety of different risks. To manage these risks, a risk manager must exercise ethical behavior and expect it of other employees within the company as well. A wide range of internal ethical hazards arise when working with an insurance company. If the risk manager understates the company's loss experience or loss exposure to an insurance underwriter to reduce the company's insurance premium, s/he exposes the company to legal and financial risks. A risk manager can reduce his/her company's exposure to risk by working with a public accounting firm that has a whistleblower mechanism, contracting with an insurer with a reputation of adequate claims reserving, and questioning a supplier's history of disobeying state and federal regulations.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Carris, R., & Duska, R. (n.d.). Ethics and the risk manager. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://cf.rims.org/Magazine/PrintTemplate.cfm?AID=1921
96. C
Intrusion detection systems. An intrusion detection system monitors and detects computer hacking activities that compromise the security of a business's computer data. Typically used in television studios, a teleprompter is an off-camera device that projects a script for speakers or performers. The purpose of concurrency control applications is to address issues that occur when multiple computer users access the same data at the same time. Pirated software is computer programs that are illegally copied and used by individuals other than the software owners.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Patterson, T. (2015, September). The use of information technology in risk management. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from https://www.aicpa.org/InterestAreas/FRC/AssuranceAdvisoryServices/DownloadableDocume nts/ASEC_Whitepapers/Risk_Technology.pdf
97. D
Inadequate product warnings. Though specifications vary by product type, businesses must provide adequate information about their products. For example, pharmaceutical companies must advise consumers about a medication's dosage, ingredients, side effects, and possible negative interactions with food, other medications, alcohol, etc. Businesses that do not appropriately label their products increase their risks of lawsuits in relation to inadequate product warnings. Medications are not mechanical in nature. Product recalls occur when quality issues are detected after the products are released for sale. When this occurs, businesses take steps to retrieve those goods to reduce the consumers' exposure to safety risks. A product return is the process by which buyers return defective or unwanted good to the seller.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 533-549]. Mason, OH: Thomson/SouthWestern.
98. B
Loss reduction. Loss reduction is a form of risk control. Risk control methods are used to reduce or minimize loss. Loss reduction lessens the impact of a loss after it occurs. For instance, although the automatic sprinklers won't prevent a fire from starting, they will lessen the impact that the fire has on the company's buildings. Companies utilize loss avoidance when they choose not to take part in risky activity. Loss prevention focuses on stopping certain losses from occurring. Companies transfer risk by purchasing insurance and entering into contracts that transfer the risk to others.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012) Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 533-549]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
99. D
Enterprise risk management. Enterprise risk management involves a corporation identifying all the risks that threaten the company, deciding which risks to focus on, and sharing that information with stakeholders. This is not known as corporate risk organization, competitive risk assessment, or environmental risk planning.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Investopedia (n.d.). Enterprise risk management. Retrieved September 18, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/fundamental-analysis/08/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp
100. B
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It includes identifying the jobs to be performed, assigning responsibility for them, establishing departments to handle the jobs, and determining how many and which employees managers will supervise. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1173
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
Civil. Civil law includes laws that deal with rights and duties of private entities and disputes between them, including contract disputes, personal injury claims, property disputes, and civil rights violations. Copyright law falls in this category. Copyright law violations do not lead to criminal lawsuits, administrative lawsuits, or common lawsuits.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
Limited. A limited partnership permits a partner to invest in a business but have limited liability. For example, the amount of the financial responsibility could be limited to the amount the partner invested. Or, a partner could limit his/her time involved in managing the business. Close and "S" are types of corporations. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. Since franchises can be proprietorships, partnerships, or corporations, more information would be needed in this question for franchise to be the correct response.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
Pump and dump. Pump and dump is an investment scam that takes place mostly online. Scammers buy a small stock and then hype it up to other investors, causing its price to rise. When the price is high, the scammers sell their stock, leaving the victims to deal with the rapid price decline afterwards. A pyramid scheme is an illegal form of multi-level marketing in which emphasis is placed on collecting initial fees from as many people as possible. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: New York State Office of the Attorney General. (2017). Common investment scams. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://ag.ny.gov/investor-protection/commoninvestment-scams
4. A
Exhibiting fiduciary responsibility. In the financial industry, a fiduciary is a financial professional (e.g., financial planner) who has been given legal authority to make financial transactions on behalf of an individual or business—the owner of the financial product (e.g., stock). Fiduciary responsibility involves making wise financial decisions and obtaining financial products that will help the client achieve his/her financial goals. Due process embraces the concept that a jurisdiction's government must respect all of the legal rights that are owed to individuals and businesses according to the law of the land. The duty of control for the conduct of others involves taking reasonable care to ensure the safety of another person. For example, a parent has the duty to control their toddlers' conduct (actions) by taking steps to control a toddler from running into traffic. Credit requirements are a business's policies about offering credit to customers.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Garber, J. (2017, March 21). What is a fiduciary? Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-fiduciary-3505114
5. C
A computer for a home-based business. Many business expenses—equipment, supplies, and travel—are tax deductible under specific conditions. Often, individuals pay for business-related goods and services upfront and list them as deductions on their tax returns, which can lower their tax obligation. A computer used for a home-based business is an example of an item that can be claimed as a tax deduction on a tax return. Goods and services for personal consumption—personal telephone charges, athletic-club membership fees, and international leisure travel—are not tax-deductible expenses.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Maertin, J. (n.d.). Deductions. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from http://www.jamesdance.com/deductions.htm
6. D
Individuals' defense of their departmental specialties. It is difficult to take an enterprise-wide approach to governance, risk management, and compliance when data are held by individual departments, and the departments fail to share information. A business's ability to stay within its risk tolerance level, its officials' ability to attain trust, and its desire to eliminate the rework of financial data are benefits of government, risk management, and compliance.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: MetricStream. (2017). Integrated GRC: The key to better risk awareness and better performance. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.metricstream.com/insights/integrated-grc-key-to-better-risk.htm
7. D
High cost and lack of evidence of return on investment. Although GRC technology can be very beneficial for business, many companies encounter difficulties when implementing the technology. The most significant barriers are the perceived high cost of the technology and a lack of evidence that the technology will provide a sufficient return on investment. Other barriers include a lack of adequate technology solutions, the absence of a common risk management/compliance “language,” and poor change management during the implementation process. Benefits of GRC technology include the use of a single GRC platform, increased communication among risk management teams, and centralized risk and compliance oversight. Centralized business risk is neither a barrier nor a benefit of GRC technology.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Protiviti. (2009, June). Key questions surrounding integrated GRC. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.risk.net/sites/risk/files/import_unmanaged/db.riskwaters.com/data/operationalrisk /pdf/GRC_july09/4.pdf
8. B
Enunciation. Proper enunciation involves clearly and distinctly voicing the sounds of words. Using proper enunciation is important when giving verbal presentations because it makes it easier for listeners to understand the message. Jargon is specialized language known only to a certain group of people. Vocabulary includes all words understood by an individual. Tone communicates emotions and attitudes through the voice.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2017, March 16). Speak for success lesson 1: Enunciation. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/speak-for-success-lesson-1-enunciation2948543
9. A
Clarifying. Clarifying questions are used to get more explanation or clarify a point. Leading questions are meant to make a person answer in a certain way. This is not a provocative or hypothetical question.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Indiana University. (2013). Handout: Clarifying and probing questions. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://global.indiana.edu/documents/global-perspectives/clarifying-andprobing-questions-handout-step-2-define.pdf
10. A
Benefits of taking action. The purpose of writing persuasive messages is to convince customers to do something such as buy a product or pay an overdue bill. To encourage them to take the correct action, it is important to appeal to their needs and show them why it is a benefit to do what you want them to do. For example, if you want customers to buy a new product, explain how that product will benefit them, such as by saving money or speeding up production. Customers are more likely to respond favorably when they understand how their needs will be satisfied, and they will benefit from taking action. Customers usually are not interested in the business's point of view or predictions for the future unless those predictions will benefit them. Persuasive messages are more effective if they explain how customers will benefit rather than explaining the technical aspects in detail.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Scribd. (2017). Chapter 9: Persuasive messages. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.scribd.com/presentation/11856858/Persuasive-Messages
11. C
Developing a rough draft. An important step in preparing a simple written report is developing a rough draft. After the research is complete, the next step is to put the information into a logical format that covers the major points of the report. A rough draft may be revised many times, but it is the beginning of the actual writing process. Visual aids generally are used to support oral presentations. Scheduling a meeting is not part of writing a report. Interviewing may occur as part of the research process, but it is not a common step in writing simple reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Trusted Media Brands, Inc. and Author Solutions, LLC. (2017). The 3-step writing process: From brainstorming to publishing. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.liferichpublishing.com/AuthorResources/General/5-Step-Writing-Process.aspx
12. C
Horizontal. An example of horizontal communication would be a memo from one vice president to another. Downward communication involves communications from management to subordinates. Upward communication entails communications from employees to management. Vertical communication may move up or down the chain of command.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Rawes, E.M. (2017, September 26). Types of communication in the workplace. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/info-7742528-types-communicationworkplace.html
13. B
Prepare by reading the agenda and brushing up on relevant topics. It is important to go into a meeting prepared and armed with the knowledge you need to participate effectively. Reading the agenda and familiarizing yourself with important topics is a good way to prepare yourself. You should not necessarily compliment everyone in the room because this might come off as insincere. Arguing with participants every time you disagree is not a good idea because you will not seem like a team player, and you will waste time. Instead, you should pick your battles and only argue when necessary. Finally, you should not necessarily be the first person to respond to questions and proposals in every situation. If you do not have a leadership role, for example, you might want to wait for managers to respond first.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2016, November 9). Six tips on how to participate in a meeting. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://work.chron.com/six-tips-participate-meeting2014.html
14. B
Image of the business. Customers form an image of a business as they communicate with employees. When employees cannot answer questions, customers receive a negative impression. The customer's purchasing ability is determined by the amount of his/her disposable income or budget. The customer's sourcing strategies are generally determined independent of a specific employee interaction. Price fixing is an illegal activity in which a business charges different prices for similar amounts and types of products.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 546-547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
15. A
Taking steps to secure their customers' confidential information. Companies must take steps to earn their customers' trust and build long-term customer relationships. Customers are more likely to trust a company if they know that the company is taking steps to protect their confidential information (e.g., credit-card numbers). Developing rigid customer-service policies may be ethical but may not build positive relationships with customers. Releasing customers' personal information to others without permission is unethical behavior. Companies typically store and maintain their customer records in databases and use presentation software to develop visual aids for presentations.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: Markgraf, B. (2017, September 26). Ethical issues in CRM. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8384284-ethical-issues-crm.html
16. A
Ann strives to solve customer problems promptly and accurately. To meet or exceed customer expectations, finance professionals should respond promptly to customer needs, requests, and problems. While wearing a business suit every day can help to demonstrate a finance professional's commitment to her/his job, doing so doesn't necessarily demonstrate the person's commitment to customer service. Finance professionals should not take cellphone calls while meeting with customers, nor should they use technical jargon. Instead, they should speak in simple terms that customers will understand.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2017). Customer service mindset: Getting passionate about satisfying others. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newCDV_77.htm
17. D
Data warehousing. Data warehousing involves combining data from a variety of internal and external sources into one large database. A business can access current and historic data from a data warehouse to identify and monitor customer buying behavior, trends, etc. Businesses use project management computer applications to track resources and activities for short- and long-term projects. Electronic data interchange systems transmit sales and ordering information among a business and its suppliers. Data acquired from an electronic data interchange can be stored in a data warehouse. Systematic laddering is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: White, D., Foster, N., & Wiesen, G. (2017, November 2). What is data warehousing? Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-data-warehousing.htm
18. D
Powering a motor vehicle with biodiesel instead of gasoline. A nonrenewable natural resource has the potential to become entirely depleted, and once gone, it cannot be replenished. Oil, which is used to produce gasoline, is an example of a nonrenewable natural resource. One way to conserve nonrenewable natural resources is to find alternative resources to use in their place. To conserve oil, automobile manufacturers offer vehicles that are powered by biodiesel, electricity, ethanol, or hydrogen instead of gasoline. While passing legislation to prevent the killing of endangered animals protects limited wildlife from being overused, it does not involve finding an alternative resource to use in place of a nonrenewable natural resource. Wind and the sun are both renewable natural resources. Searching for oil in new locations involves finding another source for the nonrenewable resource rather than finding an alternative resource to use in its place.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
19. C
Political. Many factors affect the ways in which businesses operate. Political factors include the regulatory and trade issues that affect businesses. When a country lifts a trade embargo, the ability to trade with another country provides an opportunity for businesses to expand their markets and increase their sales and profits. Demographics (e.g., age and gender), attitudes, values, and trends are social factors that affect a society. An embargo is not a technological factor that affects the business environment.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
20. A
No competition. Monopoly is the opposite of competition. A monopoly exists when there is only one supplier of a good or service, thereby eliminating any competition. An example of a monopoly in the U.S. is a utility company that is regulated by the government for the purpose of protecting consumers. Direct competition is rivalry between or among businesses that offer similar types of goods or services. Nonprice competition is based on factors other than price, such as customer service or product assortment. Price competition focuses on the use of price to attract scarce customer dollars.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
21. A
Granting copyrights. Government provides protection to business property by issuing patents, copyrights, and trademarks. Patents are legal protection of inventions or processes granted by the government to their owners for a certain number of years. Trademarks are symbols, designs, or words used by producers to identify goods or services and may be registered with the government to prevent use by others. Copyrights are legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for 28 years. Government does not provide businesses with property protection by denying insurance policies, setting prices, or increasing natural risk.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
22. D
Boosting employment. Some of the negative effects of inflation are offset by its positive benefit of boosting employment. When there is inflation, there is usually more money circulating in the economy. Businesses often use this money to expand and hire more employees. Higher interest rates, lowered value of exports, and increased prices are all negative effects of inflation.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
23. B
Cultural characteristics. The cultural characteristics of a country include the customs, habits, and traditions of the people who live in that country. Businesses that want to trade with foreign countries need to understand their unique cultural characteristics because culture affects what people in other parts of the world want to buy. Some products need to be modified in order to make them appealing to people in other countries. Also, the marketing techniques that a company uses may need to be changed in order to conform to the way that business is conducted in foreign countries. Businesses do not need to understand the geographical landmarks, historical significance, or environmental aspects of foreign countries in order to trade with them.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
24. A
He might place a high value on social interaction. Your personality, temperament, and preferences can impact your values. Alex's outgoing, talkative personality might encourage him to place a high value on social interaction. There is no indication that Alex's values might not align with his behavior, that he might place less emphasis on his values, or that he might have more confidence in his values.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
25. D
Determine which traits are desirable. Rhonda needs to decide which of her traits are desirable in order to know which ones she should develop. Analyzing undesirable traits is a first step in getting rid of those traits. Exercising or putting the desirable traits into action can only be done after determining which traits are desirable. It is not necessary to seek a mentor in order to change personal traits.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personal Traits in Business)
26. A
Not sharing confidential information. At work and in your personal life, you probably come across lots of information that's private. Although being honest is an important part of being trustworthy, it's just as important to keep confidential information to yourself. This means that if you overhear something private about a friend, you should keep the information confidential. Communicating often and openly, taking responsibility for your mistakes, and keeping your promises are all important techniques, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
27. B
Optimistic. An individual with a high tolerance for ambiguity is willing to take action despite having incomplete information or a clear direction. This individual tends to be confident and optimistic that things will work out regardless of the amount of information that s/he has when making a decision. Flexibility is also a key characteristic of individuals with a high tolerance for ambiguity. Flexible people understand that they may need to make changes if it appears that a decision or course of action is not working. Routine-oriented people tend to be uncomfortable with change. Detail-oriented people tend to itemize things and want to have all of the information available before they take action. Emotions are feelings about a situation (e.g., joy, sorrow, love, anger).
SOURCE: EI:092
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
28. C
Helping you to think before you speak. Self-control helps you to have successful interpersonal relationships because it helps you to avoid making angry or insulting remarks by thinking before you speak. Self-control cannot prevent you from getting angry, but it can help you to deal with your anger. Self-control will help you to cope with life, but it doesn't show you how. Venting your anger on others indicates a lack of self-control that would damage interpersonal relationships.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
29. B
External. External feedback is feedback that comes from sources outside yourself. These sources include friends, classmates, family, teachers, counselors, principal, employer, etc. Internal feedback comes from within yourself. A compliment is a form of positive feedback, not negative. Since the compliment was in the form of a written note, it was not oral, or spoken.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. B
A bonus based on performance. Extrinsic motivation is external. It refers to motivators that come from outside the individual. An extrinsic motivator that a supervisor could offer her/his team members is a bonus based on performance. Personal satisfaction, a sense of accomplishment, and enjoyment of work are all intrinsic motivations. Supervisors can take actions to ensure that team members will hopefully be satisfied, accomplished, and happy, but these motivators still come from within.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: The Happy Manager. (2007-2017). Intrinsic extrinsic motivation. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.the-happy-manager.com/tips/intrinsic-extrinsic-motivation/.
31. B
Transition period. Transition periods are designed to allow you to adjust to your new surroundings over time. When you can slowly adjust to new ideas or processes, you're less likely to feel overwhelmed. Orientation helps Jackie gradually adjust to college. Emergencies include situations like injuries and natural disasters. Resource issues occur when there isn't enough of an essential item, like people, money, information, or ideas. Personal interactions involve adapting your behavior to suit each individual person you interact with.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
32. B
Inability to get along with coworkers. The most common reason that people lose their jobs is because they have difficulties getting along with other workers. An inability to get along with coworkers can result in a dysfunctional work environment, which often prompts an employer to dismiss the employee. Employees who perform their jobs adequately and generate ideas are not as likely to be terminated as those who cannot get along with coworkers. Not all employees have sales goals that they must achieve for the business.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
33. A
A travel and entertainment card. These cards are especially popular with travelers who do not wish to carry large amounts of cash. Customers must have an excellent credit rating to obtain a card and are billed monthly. An unsecured loan is an amount of money borrowed by an individual or business by signing a note promising to repay the loan. An installment credit account is a credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit, which is to be paid off in regular installments. Budget credit accounts are a form of short-term credit with a payment due every 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
34. C
Collecting taxes. All levels of government collect taxes from individuals and businesses. The taxes are used to pay for different types of public services such as police protection, road repairs, and public education. Donations are given rather than mandated. Embargoes are actions that suspend trade with another country and are used for political reasons or during hostilities. Government policies are one of many factors that influence the ebb and flow of the business cycle; however, there are aspects of the business cycle that cannot be regulated.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Scott, K. (2017, July 27). What is the purpose of imposing taxes? Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://pocketsense.com/purpose-imposing-taxes-5782868.html
35. B
First Street Credit Union. Credit unions are cooperatives that provide financial products and services to a group of individuals who share a common characteristic such as working for the same employer or working in the same industry. Credit unions offer many different types of financial products, including savings and checking accounts for their members. Insurance companies, credit-services companies (e.g., MasterCard), and mortgage companies do not provide deposit-taking financial products.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, October 10). Types of financial institutions and their roles. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporatefinance/1/financial-institutions.aspx
36. C
Soft commodities. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including the commodities market. Commodities are resources, including agricultural goods and mined goods (e.g., gold, silver) that are often used to make other goods. Agricultural goods such as cocoa beans and corn are types of soft commodities. Money markets facilitate the buying and selling of short-term, low-risk financial products (e.g., treasury bills). Selective property and insurance do not describe types of financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Cross, D. (2016, June 29). Understanding the difference between hard and soft commodities. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://commodityhq.com/education/understanding-the-difference-between-hard-and-softcommodities/
37. B
Foreign exchange. The largest, most liquid financial market in the world is the foreign exchange market. There are typically more active traders and a higher volume of trading on the foreign exchange market than any of the other markets. Very liquid markets such as the foreign exchange market experience very gradual, small price changes, while markets with low liquidity often experience volatile changes in price, meaning that prices change abruptly and in larger increments than in highly liquid markets. The debt market is also known as the bond market, and the equity market is also called the stock market. A commodity market deals with raw, primary products such as oil, silver, gold, etc.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (n.d.). Liquidity and the foreign exchange market. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.dummies.com/personal-finance/investing/liquidity-and-the-foreignexchange-market/
38. C
To lower costs. Consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. For example, consolidation occurs when two banks merge to form one bank. By consolidating, the financial firms can achieve economies of scale, which result in reduced redundancy and lower costs. Consolidation can increase the assets (liquid capital) for all of the financial firms involved. Consolidation can also provide consumers with a wider range of financial products. Consolidation may or may not lower business risk.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Hartman, D. (2017, September 26). The advantages of bank mergers. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8188967-advantages-bank-mergers.html
39. B
Remain steady throughout all phases. The business cycle affects the stock prices of various industries in different ways. The demand for the products of non-cyclical industries (e.g., food, beverage, tobacco, healthcare) tends to remain consistent throughout all phases of the business cycle. Therefore, the stock performance of non-cyclical industries tends to remain steady throughout all stages of the business cycle, as well. Changes in the business cycle tend to affect the stock prices of other industries, including energy and capital goods. The energy sector (e.g., oil) is affected by the global supply and demand, which influences energy stock performance. Historically, energy stocks tend to perform best late in the business cycle. Capital goods stocks tend to perform well during expansion phase of the business cycle because businesses are expanding and buying equipment.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Investopedia Staff. (2015, November 24). Cyclical versus non-cyclical stocks. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/00/082800.asp
40. C
Fixed; floating. To enable capital to flow more freely internationally, countries around the world have reduced or eliminated many regulations and restrictions. For example, many developed countries shifted their exchange rates from being fixed to floating. Fixed exchange rates are set by the government, while floating exchange rates are determined by market supply and demand for currency. Although fixed exchange rates are still popular in some parts of the world, most developed countries have floating exchange rates. A pegged exchange rate is a fixed exchange rate. Declining exchange rates have not significantly contributed to financial globalization.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: TransferWise. (2017, May 15). Explaining the difference between fixed and floating exchange rates. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://transferwise.com/gb/blog/fixedfloating-exchange-rate-difference
41. C
Lower taxes. Regulations that reduce taxes on financial transactions facilitate the flow of financial products among nations. Protectionism involves actions that attempt to limit trade with other countries to protect domestic businesses from foreign competition. Quotas limit the volume of exports or imports that move into or out of a country. An embargo bans trade with a specific country. Protectionism, high quotas, and embargos hinder international trade and globalization.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Amadeo, L. (2017, October 31). Deregulation pros, cons, and examples. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/deregulation-definition-pros-consexamples-3305921
42. C
Stockbroker. Securities refer to the legal owning or lending agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments. Securities include investments such as stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. A stockbroker is a licensed person who has the authority and expertise to buy and sell securities on behalf of a client. Unless they are stockbrokers, trusted friends, colleagues, and loan officers may not be the most reliable sources of securities information.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
43. D
Over a period of time. Watching numbers over a period of time is a good idea because investors can get a sense of what is normal for a stock price. Looking at the numbers once a year, on a given day, or when dividends are paid does not give you enough time to obtain this kind of information.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Kansas, D. (2017). Evaluating a stock. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://guides.wsj.com/personal-finance/investing/how-to-evaluate-a-stock/
44. B
No-load. No-load mutual funds do not charge sales commissions or purchase fees. According to the mutual fund provided, the maximum initial charge for purchasing shares of the AnMl mutual fund is $0.00. So, all of an individual's investment would go toward the purchase of shares of AnMl. A front-load mutual fund charges commissions and/or purchase fees when buying shares of the fund. A back-load mutual fund charges fees when an investor sells her/his shares of the fund. An expiring back-load mutual fund also charges fees when an investor sells her/his shares, but at a certain point in time or when the account reaches a certain level, these fees decline or disappear completely.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: DeYoung, G. (2016, July). What's the difference between a load and no-load mutual fund? Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/125.asp
45. C
Tax reporting. All businesses are required by law to report and pay a variety of taxes. Tax reporting is a legal consideration that pertains to accounting because income and expenses can be reported in different ways. For example, it is illegal for a business to misrepresent financial information to indicate a loss for the purpose of not paying taxes. It is also illegal for a business to fail to report and pay sales tax and payroll withholding tax for employees. Businesses need to be aware of legal issues to avoid potential problems. Gift giving, entertaining, and computer hacking are usually ethical considerations rather than legal considerations.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: US Legal. (1997-2016). Accounting law and legal definition. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://definitions.uslegal.com/a/accounting/
46. A
Sales-tax payable. Balance sheets help organizations make important business decisions. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business as of that particular moment. A business summarizes its financial condition by categorizing financial data into three groups— assets, liabilities, and equity. Liabilities are the debts that the business owes others, such as salaries, sales-tax due to the government, etc. An asset is anything that the business owns or anything that can be converted into cash, such as equipment, marketable securities, and accumulated interest.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
47. A
Lower than the previous period. The formula for a statement of changes in equity is: beginning earnings + net income - dividends = retained earnings. If dividends are higher than net income, retained earnings will be lower than beginning earnings. In order for retained earnings to stay the same, the net income would have to be exactly equal to the dividend payments. For retained earnings to be higher than the previous period, net income would have to exceed dividends. For retained earnings to equal zero, the dividend payments would have to be equal to the beginning earnings and net income would have to be zero.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Basu, C. (2011, August 19). How to calculate dividends, retained earnings, and statement of cash flow. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/calculatedividends-retained-earnings-statement-cash-flow-19419.html
48. B
Accounts receivable. All the money owed to the business by others is considered accounts receivable. All the money that the business owes others is considered accounts payable. It's important for financial managers to balance accounts payable and receivable and ensure that the company's cash flow stays positive. Equity refers to assets the company already owns. Capital investment decisions determine which projects the business will invest in, how the investment(s) will be financed, and whether or not to pay dividends to the company's shareholders. Capital investment decisions are made for the long term.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
49. D
Tell investors about the risks of these securities. Companies that sell securities have to tell the truth about the securities they sell. They must be honest about their business and the risks of securities. Securities cannot be guaranteed because they always involve some degree of risk. Investors should ask questions and do research on securities; a company should not discourage them from doing so.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (n.d.). The role of the SEC. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://investor.gov/introduction-markets/role-sec#.VDa8xPldXZJ
50. A
The marketing study that yielded the negative feedback. A sunk cost is a cost that has already been incurred and cannot be recovered. Because the marketing study has already occurred, it has already been paid for and the money cannot be recovered, despite the unfavorable results. However, the new materials, promotional campaign, and time needed to make the product more successful are all prospective costs that can be recovered if the company decides to discontinue the product. Therefore, these are not sunk costs and should be factors in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2017, August 23). Sunk cost. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-a-sunk-cost.html
51. B
A restaurant chain manager must decide whether or not to keep a certain franchise open. Marginal analysis can be used to make many types of decisions. One type of decision that it can be used for is a segment profitability decision, which is the process of deciding if it is more profitable to keep or drop an unsuccessful segment of the business. The restaurant manager must decide if the franchise (a segment of his business) is profitable enough to remain open. The clothing retailer who must decide how many units of each product to sell is making a sales mix decision. A company deciding whether to use an outside marketing firm or hire someone internally is making a make-or-buy decision. The furniture company deciding whether or not to assemble its pieces before sale is making a sell-or-process-further decision. All of these cases can benefit from marginal analysis.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Crosson, S.V., & Needles, B.E. (2014). Managerial accounting (10th ed.) [pp. 335-344]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. C
Is a certain product generating enough revenue? Managerial accounting is used to provide internal information for a business to guide planning and decision-making. One question that managerial accounting can answer for a manager is whether or not a specific product is generating enough revenue to be profitable or financially viable. A job cost report can provide this information. Managerial accountants do not deal with external information such as stocks and investments. They also do not provide information about whether or not employees are working well together. Finally, managerial accountants do not analyze liquidity; that would fall under financial accounting.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Sullivan, D. (2012, November 24). Types of managerial accounting reports. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-managerial-accountingreports-58384.html
53. D
The planned email marketing campaigns were not completed. If money was not spent on email marketing, it is possible that the campaigns planned in the budget were never carried out, which would not demonstrate efficient use of funds. Positive variance does not necessarily relate to the ineffectiveness of email marketing. If there is a positive variance, it would suggest that the budget allocated too much toward email marketing rather than not enough. Finally, the positive variance does not necessarily imply that email marketing is or is not important to an organization.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Berry, T. (2017, May 12). Plan vs. actual, part 3: Understanding variance analysis. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://articles.bplans.com/plan-vs-actual-part-3-understandingvariance-analysis/
54. B
Is used to monitor activities in a business. A financial control is a tool that is used to monitor business activities, such as reviewing spending and comparing it to the budget. A cost accounting budget keeps companies from exceeding their spending limits. Financial control does not mean that access to financial data is restricted. While budgets do predict what will happen with finances in the future, this is not what is meant by financial control. Finally, budgets aid the decision-making process rather than making it more complicated.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Boyd, K. (n.d.). Cost accounting: Budgeting basics. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from http://www.dummies.com/business/accounting/cost-accounting-budgeting-basics/
55. D
Company executives. Managerial cost accounting is the process of preparing and reporting financial information that is used internally by an organization's management. It is used for decision-making and planning. Stockholders, investors, and customers are not internal users. They more likely to use the information provided by financial accounting, rather than managerial cost accounting.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: AccountingExplained.com. (2011-2013). Managerial accounting. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://accountingexplained.com/managerial/introduction/
56. A
Number of customers. A cost driver is a variable that causally affects costs over time. Because Internet service becomes more expensive as the number of people using it increases, the number of customers in a coffee shop drives the cost of the Internet service. The number of products sold, the number of direct labor hours, and the number of ingredients per product could all be considered cost drivers, but not specifically for the cost of Internet service.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Datar, S.M., & Rajan, M.V. (2014). Managerial accounting: Making decisions and motivating performance (p. 33). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
57. C
$7,347. To calculate the future value of money, first add 1 to the interest rate expressed as a decimal (1 + 0.08 = 1.08). Then, raise that sum to the power of the number of periods; in other words, multiply that sum by itself 5 times (1.08 x 1.08 x 1.08 x 1.08 x 1.08 = 1.46933). Finally, multiply the product by the original investment (1.46933 x $5,000 = $7,346.65). Rounded up, the final value is $7,347.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
58. D
Report financial transactions. Financial-information management is the ongoing process of gathering, maintaining, and storing financial data. Businesses use financial data to develop reports that aid the business decision-making process and meet compliance requirements. An important aspect of financial information management is maintaining data about financial transactions such as accounts receivable (e.g., customer sales transactions) and accounts payable (monetary outflows). The business's buyers negotiate contracts with vendors. Buyers may or may not use financial information as leverage during the negotiation process with vendors. The product/service management function of the business focuses on new product development. The selling function of the business implements sales policies.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2016, September 29). Why is financial management so important in business? Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/financialmanagement-important-business-4406.html
59. C
Protecting customer information. An important aspect of managing financial information is making sure that customers' confidential information is secure. Having customers enter a password to access their banking information from their computers is one way that financial institutions secure information and prevent others from obtaining confidential information without authorization. Reporting accurate data, collecting financial information, and conducting financial audits are important financial-information management activities, but these are not described in the situation provided.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Association of Modern Technologies Professionals. (2017). Financial management information systems. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.itinfo.am/eng/financialmanagement-information-systems/
60. B
Audit trails. Although unethical individuals might erase certain accounts or transactions from their financial-information management system, a record of their erasures would appear in system audit trails. What-if planning involves identifying and considering options for financial decision-making by applying different assumptions to financial data within spreadsheet software. Long-term liabilities are debts that will take longer than a year to pay. A direct check is a method of checking goods in which the goods received are checked directly against the purchase order or the invoice.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Bossart, M. (2015, March 2). What is an audit trail? Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/accounting/training/blog/what-is-an-audit-trail/
61. C
Central data repository. A central data repository is a centralized comprehensive database used to store financial information from across an organization. Benefits of a central data repository include more consistent and up-to-date data, faster response to queries, economies of scale, and accessibility by several different software applications. Encryption technology and intrusion detection systems are used to ensure the security of financial information. The principle of least authority is a concept that promotes providing database users with permission to access only those data that are absolutely necessary for fulfilling their duties and work obligations.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: InterSystems. (2012). Caché and data management in the financial services industry. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.intersystems.com/resources/detail/cachand-data-management-in-the-financial-services-industry/
62. D
Scanning. Some budgeting software programs come complete with scanning capabilities, making it possible for a small business owner such as Carrie to scan and save certain documents digitally. Depending on the nature of these documents, Carrie may be able to dispose of the paper copies, freeing up precious space in her home office. While forecasting, internal-control, and variance-analysis capabilities are helpful, they are not as well suited as scanning capabilities are to help Carrie transition to a paperless office.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Elmblad, S. (2017, October 12). How to organize receipts into digital files. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/take-the-headache-out-of-organizingreceipts-1293793
63. C
Asset utilization. Businesses use computer software applications to calculate various types of financial ratios. Businesses use many types of financial ratios to evaluate different aspects of their processes, including their profitability, performance, and efficiency. Asset-utilization ratios help businesses determine if they are using their assets, inventory, and cash in the most effective ways. If the asset-utilization analysis indicates low efficiency, then businesses can take steps to isolate and fix the problems. Financial analysts use market-value ratios to evaluate stocks and liquidity ratios to evaluate a business's ability to pay its short-term debts. Financial analysts use profitability ratios to evaluate the overall financial success of the business.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: NetMBA. (2002-2010). Financial ratios. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.netmba.com/finance/financial/ratios/
64. D
Costs of actions taken to manage risks or opportunities associated with climate change. Many pieces of financial information are needed in a sustainability report. One example is the costs of any actions that the company has taken to manage risks and/or opportunities posed by climate change. The percentage of senior management hired from the local community, the economic development in areas of high poverty, and the percentage of recycled materials used in manufacturing are all important aspects of a sustainability report but are not related to financial information.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Global Reporting Initiative. (2015, August 5). Reporting principles and standard disclosures. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/GRIG4Part1-Reporting-Principles-and-Standard-Disclosures.pdf
65. B
Relationship management and sales. Many organizations use automated software to analyze existing customers' financial information. In some cases, this software is designed to identify cross-selling opportunities—opportunities for the firm to do additional business with its existing customers. Information of this sort is usually passed on to individuals who work in relationship management and sales. After receiving the information, the relationship managers and sales professionals can pursue these other business opportunities with the customers. Risk management and pricing personnel are not likely to receive information about cross-selling opportunities with bank customers.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2014, September 26). CRM in financial services. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.slideshare.net/Microsoft/crm-in-financial-services
66. B
Loan application. Financial institutions consider many factors before granting a loan to a prospective customer. Primary factors include the customer's credit history, credit score, assets, current income, employment status, and debt ratio. If the customer carries a high level of debt in relation to his/her assets, it would be too risky for the bank to grant a loan because the customer is more likely to become delinquent or default on the loan. Banks do not analyze a customer's current level of debt before it approves a service request or operating proposal. Customers file insurance claims with their insurance agencies.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Wong, K. (2016, November 11). The factors banks consider when you apply for a loan. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://twocents.lifehacker.com/the-factors-banksconsider-when-you-apply-for-a-loan-1788724638
67. A
Orient. One of the main sources of printed information that businesses use in order to orient new employees is the company manual. A manual usually contains the information that a new employee needs to know about company benefits, vacation policy, absenteeism, etc. Businesses usually encourage new employees to thoroughly read the company manual because it will answer most of their questions about routine policies. Businesses do not use their company manuals as a source of information to recruit, manage, or select new employees.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-334]. New York: McGrawHill Irwin.
68. A
Setting aside funds to research what customers want. Company commitment involves everyone in the organization embracing the marketing concept and putting customers' interests first. One way to demonstrate a commitment to the marketing concept is to set aside money to fund the research needed to develop a product according to customers' wishes. Leaving marketing to the marketing department prevents the rest of the company from being involved in marketing. Teaching marketing to college students is honorable, but it does not demonstrate the marketing concept's theme of company commitment. Pricing a product to maximize profitability per item allows the company to earn as much money as it can, but customers may not be willing to purchase the product at that high of a price. Pricing a product to maximize profitability per item puts the company's interests before the customers', which goes against the marketing concept.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. C
Everyone in the organization. Everyone in the organization is responsible to do his/her part to contribute to appropriate information management. This includes, but is not limited to, the information management department, an information technology manager, and the chief executive officer.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. B
Internet companies offering phone service. Digital convergence is the tendency of digital services that were once separate entities to combine into new forms. An example of the Internet offering phone service is Skype. Wireless, bandwidth, and WANS are not examples of digital convergence.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Roland, C. (2017, May 15). The complete and modern guide to technology convergence. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://developer.att.com/blog/technology-convergence
71. C
Performing financial calculations. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting, financial, and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. For example, spreadsheet programs can calculate sales forecasts and develop budget projections. Presentation software is used to create slide presentations. Desktop publishing software is used to prepare promotional brochures. Database software is used to manage database files.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199-200). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. B
Data normalization. Data normalization is the process of organizing a database into tables and columns. It makes sure data are all being used for the same purpose and helps eliminate duplicate data. Nonconforming data are data that do not align with a certain specification. Data entry is the process of inputting data into a database. Database administration involves activities such as maintaining data security, regulating access to the database, and recovering corrupt data.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Wenzel, K. (2017, May 29). Database normalization explained in simple English. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.essentialsql.com/get-ready-to-learn-sql-databasenormalization-explained-in-simple-english/
73. A
State. A filter involves grouping data based on certain criteria. Because the company may have thousands of customers, and Marilee only wants to view a small portion of those customers, she can use the filter application to set the criteria for fields that she wants to view. Because she wants to view all of the customers located in Florida, she should filter the data by state. Filtering the data by the customer's last name, the telephone area code, or the city would not quickly yield the desired results.
SOURCE: NF:141
SOURCE: Hamel, G. (2012, April 17). What client information is needed in a database? Retrieved November 2, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/client-information-needed-database42984.html
74. D
Accessed when needed. Businesses need to organize their records in a systematic manner so that information can be accessed when it is needed. This is what record keeping is all about--managing the information a business needs in order to make operational and financial decisions. Some business records contain confidential information and should not be distributed freely, available to everyone, or published in newsletters. However, this information should be organized so that employees who are supposed to use it can access it when needed.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
75. C
External environment. A business cannot control its external environment—factors such as demographics, the economy, and the competition. It can, however, control its internal environment. A business's personnel, production, and research and development are all part of its internal environment.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
76. A
Function effectively. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Operations make sure that there are materials and supplies available so employees can do their jobs. Operations make sure the physical facility is in good condition so work can be performed efficiently. Effective operations are important because the activities help to increase productivity and make the business successful. Operations are not involved in making sure that the business is able to motivate employees, sell quickly, or inventory products.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
77. B
Material requirements planning (MRP). MRP software helps manufacturers streamline production efforts and operate efficiently. The software has forecasting applications that help manufacturers determine the quantities of and delivery systems for the raw materials that they need for production. Job sequencing involves determining the order in which tasks must be carried out to complete a process or activity. Reverse logistics occur when unwanted or undesirable goods are returned to a business for reuse, recycling, or disposal. Critical path involves evaluating the sequence of steps to complete complex project tasks and identifying alternative systems to use project resources in the most efficient manner.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Bozarth, C.C., & Handfield, R.B. (2013). Introduction to operations and supply chain management (3rd ed.) [p. 368]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education Prentice Hall.
78. B
Put away the ladder. Anything left on the selling floor is dangerous for both customers and store personnel. This includes boxes, hand trucks, or supplies. The other alternatives are activities that might occur after the light bulb is replaced.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
79. C
Make sure the project stays on track. During the execution-and-monitoring stage of project management, the actual work of the project is performed. The project manager's job at this point is to make sure the project stays on track and to take corrective measures if it doesn't. Delivering the final product occurs during the closing stage. Securing funding for the project is often the project champion's task and occurs before the project is authorized. Assigning roles to team members occurs during the planning-anddevelopment stage.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-006—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
80. A
Time. A component of the people resource is time. People have only so much time to work on projects because time is limited. There are exactly 24 hours in a day and seven days in a week. Also, people have other responsibilities and can't give all their time to a project. Equipment, facilities, and taxes are not components of the people resource.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: Bright Hub Project Management. (2013, May 15). How to plan your project's resource capacity. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/resourcemanagement/13031-how-to-plan-your-projects-resource-capacity/
81. D
Who pays the transportation charges. When placing orders with suppliers, businesses usually negotiate who pays the transportation charges. In some cases, businesses prefer to pay the transportation charges and own the goods while they are in transit. In other cases, it might be better for the business to have the supplier pay the charges and own the goods until they are delivered to the business. Because transportation charges may be high, negotiating who pays them is often a key factor when placing an order. Businesses usually are not concerned with which transportation service is used, who prepares the goods for shipment, or which warehouse is the most modern.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2017, February 3). Negotiation in the purchasing process. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/negotiation-in-the-purchasing-process-2221379
82. B
Minimal. Creative people are often very independent and prefer working with minimal or no supervision. They tend to rebel against a great deal of authoritative control. They may appear to be nonconformists and perform better without close or direct supervision.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
83. C
Prioritize everything that needs to be done. Prioritizing involves determining the order for completion of activities based on their importance. It helps you to see which jobs should be tackled first. Doing assignments as quickly as possible may result in careless mistakes. Jobs should be prioritized so that the nonessential jobs are done after the important jobs. Varying activities whenever possible makes life more interesting but does not necessarily help you manage your time wisely.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001—About Time (Time Management)
84. B
A thank-you, confirming interest in the job, and follow-up information. All of this information should be included in the letter. Including the names of high-ranking people in the company does not guarantee a position. A short statement as to why you would be the best individual for the position is important but should not be the only item. It is never wise to plead for a position.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Purdue OWL. (2010, April 25). Follow-up to an interview. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/634/03
85. B
Treasurer. A treasurer is a title for a type of financial manager, or a person who is responsible for overseeing part or all of an organization's finances. Treasurers are responsible for an organization's financial goals and objectives. They oversee investments, cash management, and capital raising. Bill and account collectors, procurement clerks, and billing clerks are all types of financial clerks who are responsible for financial recordkeeping.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
86. D
Securities and investments. The securities and investments industry supports the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. Related services include financial planning, asset management, mutual- or hedge-fund management, and custody services. These are not job duties in corporate finance, accounting, or insurance.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
87. D
Improved access to capital. Corporate governance includes the structures and processes that direct and control companies. Evidence indicates that well-governed companies receive higher market valuations and have increased capital flows. Strong corporate governance practices do not increase distance from investors; rather, corporate governance makes companies more accountable and transparent to investors. Corporate governance does not give companies the ability to bypass sustainability efforts. It instead gives them more tools to increase sustainability. Finally, corporate governance increases stakeholder involvement, rather than limiting it.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Corporate governance - definition, scope and benefits. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
88. C
Train employees on governance objectives. One way that a board of directors can make sure employees are involved and motivated to work toward corporate governance objectives is to train employees on company goals. Training gives employees the skills and knowledge they need to achieve objectives. Presenting objectives to upper management does not necessarily involve all employees in corporate governance; rather, it only includes upper management. Restricting access to governance goals does not allow all employees to understand corporate governance objectives. Finally, it is important to clearly define roles and responsibilities in achieving corporate governance objectives, rather than leaving roles and responsibilities undefined.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Frost, S. (2011, June 30). How to align employees with company goals. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/align-employees-company-goals-11667.html
89. A
Demonstrating transparency. Transparency involves maintaining open and truthful communications. For corporate governance to be effective, it must be transparent with stakeholders so they are aware of what is going on and can make decisions accordingly. Golden Ray Corporation is being transparent by releasing a statement about its former board member's personal scandal. Golden Ray Corporation is not necessarily lacking accountability, following regulatory guidelines, or measuring internal performance.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Pearse Trust Blog. (2014, February 19). The core principles of good corporate governance. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from https://www.pearse-trust.ie/blog/bid/108866/The-CorePrinciples-Of-Good-Corporate-Governance
90. B
Government regulations. External mechanisms are controls that come from outside of the organization. An example is government regulations that are imposed upon a company. Internal mechanisms come from within an organization. A board of directors' policies, a company's business objectives, and a company's code of conduct are all internal mechanisms of control.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2013, May 20). Three types of corporate governance mechanisms. Retrieved November 15, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-corporate-governancemechanisms-66711.html
91. B
Board of directors. The board of directors approves high-level corporate governance goals and policies. The Chief Executive Officer and management team are responsible for recommending the goals and policies to be approved by the board. Select shareholders may be on the board of directors, but the shareholders as a whole do not approve goals and policies.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Corporate governance - definition, scope and benefits. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
92. B
Trade association. People join trade associations hoping to solve problems they could not solve alone. A trade show is a group of producers who exhibit their products in one location for the convenience of buyers. A corporation is a form of business that is owned by a group and requires a charter from the state. A partnership is a form of business with two or more owners.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 657). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. B
Participating in an appropriate professional organization. When finance professionals actively participate (e.g., serve on committees) in appropriate (finance-related) professional organizations, they can network and build relationships with others who work in their field. The remaining options are situations that present networking opportunities for individuals who may or may not work in finance.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Financial Career Options. (2016, October 21). Networking in the financial industry. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://financialcareeroptions.com/networking-in-the-financialindustry/
94. C
Consumer. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. When a business sets standards to accommodate the target market's needs and wants, it is setting consumer-oriented goals. Employees often use technology to carry out the activities used to achieve the business's consumer goals. Financial goals are objectives that are measured in terms of money.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Cross, V. (2011, August 22). Customer orientation examples. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/customer-orientation-examples-10201.html
95. B
No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management. Business policies are the rules or guidelines that employees must follow. One reason that businesses develop credit policies is to protect the business from financial losses. Offering credit to a customer who does not meet the business's credit criteria may be costly to the business because the customer may not be able to make installment payments for the product. Employees who bypass these types of policies without proper authorization from management are breaking company rules, are not behaving ethically, and are, in many situations, fired for such behavior. Although some businesses have flexible policies, not all businesses do. Governments regulate credit practices, but they do not require businesses to offer credit to individuals and businesses that have poor credit scores or do not meet basic criteria.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Dahl, D. (2010, November 22). How to assess the credit risk of your customers. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.inc.com/guides/2010/11/how-to-assess-the-credit-riskof-your-customers.html
96. A
Whistleblower. One way to manage potential risks resulting from unethical conduct is to build an internal infrastructure that promotes and enforces ethical practices and offers incentives to behave ethically. This internal infrastructure typically includes appropriate audit procedures, a code of conduct, a committee to develop the code, training for employees about the code, and a whistleblower policy. A whistleblower policy encourages and enables employees to report unethical behavior or actions without fear of negative repercussions such as demotion or firing. A credit policy is a guideline for a business to follow in controlling the use of payment plans that allow customers to purchase now and pay later. Monetary policy is the government policy that determines the amount of money that will be in circulation and the level of interest rates. Constituent policies are public policies that apply to the government or nation as a whole. Constituent policies include national security, foreign affairs, diplomacy, etc.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: SHRM. (2017, May 17). Whistleblower policy. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-andsamples/policies/pages/cms_007814.aspx
97. A
What-if planning. Companies often use computer software programs to analyze their levels of risk in different business functions. The software calculates a company's risk levels in a variety of scenarios based on different types of data queries. By establishing queries using different combinations of data, the company obtains results under many circumstances. The company analyzes the quantitative results of each scenario and uses them to make business decisions. This process is “what-if” planning. Qualitative research is a study based on opinion or expertise. Top-down forecasting is a method of predicting sales. During the product-development process, businesses conduct product feasibility studies to determine the advantages and disadvantages of producing a certain good or service.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Zulz, E. (2017, October 17). How to use 'what if' scenario planning as risk management. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from http://www.thinkadvisor.com/2017/10/17/how-to-usewhat-if-scenario-planning-as-risk-manag?slreturn=1511291962
98. D
Monitor regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. Therefore, it is important for a business to continuously monitor government regulations to ensure that it is in compliance, and make changes, if necessary, to become compliant. Evaluating competitors, obtaining customer feedback and allocating operating funds are not actions that will reduce risks associated with noncompliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Kay, A. (2017, September 12). 5 simple techniques for reducing risk of noncompliance. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://talenteam.com/2017/09/12/5-simple-techniquesreducing-risk-non-compliance/
99. C
Reduce the chance of financial losses. Because risk involves the possibility of loss, businesses must be diligent to control their levels of risk. Businesses can experience financial losses in all areas of the business—from product recalls and poor hiring selections to poor credit policies and workplace injuries. Businesses can control their various risks by implementing appropriate business policies, training employees, and acquiring adequate insurance coverage. By controlling financial risk, businesses can limit their debt (liabilities). When businesses have low debt, they increase the potential to earn profit, which contributes to the well-being of society. Businesses increase their visibility in the market in different ways (positive and negative) and are not always related to controlling their levels of risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2011, January 12). Risk control. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/risk-control.asp
100. C
Annual report. Enterprise risk management allows corporations to identify risks, decide which risks to manage, and make the plan of action available to stakeholders in their annual reports. The annual budget, balance sheets, and quarterly projections are financial documents that do not deal with risk management.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, September 9). Enterprise risk management. Retrieved November 21, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-management.asp
Test 1184
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Environmental. The purpose of environmental laws is to protect the natural environment the air, soil, and water. Environmental laws help reduce pollution and govern the ways in which individuals and all types of businesses (e.g., service, industrial businesses) dispose of waste. Businesses that do not comply with environmental laws may be fined by the government or shut down. Antitrust laws protect free trade and competition in the marketplace. Property laws regulate the ownership of land and buildings.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Brown University. (2018). Fields of law. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.brown.edu/academics/college/advising/law-school/fields-law/fields-law
2. D
Corporation. By starting a corporation, the business owners can sell stock to raise the necessary capital to cover business expenses. By owning the majority of the stock themselves, they can still control the business. A sole proprietorship is a business owned by one person. A major disadvantage of a partnership is that the capital available is limited to the partners' resources, so partnership is not the best option for the business owners. A franchise owner buys the right to sell the goods or services of the parent company. Franchises are business ownership options rather than legal business structures.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
Provide information to investors so they can make informed decisions. Full-disclosure laws and regulations require companies to disclose publicize any information that could affect the value of the firms' stocks. Investors need this information so they can make informed buy, hold, or sell decisions about investments. Full-disclosure laws also prevent company employees and other insiders from using privileged information for their personal gain. Full-disclosure laws do not require companies to disclose every bit of information about their operations some undisclosed trade secrets are permitted. Fulldisclosure laws and regulations are not designed to impact par values of stock.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, April 18). Full disclosure. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fulldisclosure.asp
4. C
Charitable donation. Gifts are money, financial products, or property given to an individual or organization. Some gifts, such as charitable donations, are tax deductible. This means that the donor pays a reduced amount of tax or is exempt from paying the tax, depending on the type and value of the gift. Vacation homes, stocks, and inherited items are taxable gifts.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2018, August 20). Frequently asked questions on gift taxes. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-selfemployed/frequently-asked-questions-on-gift-taxes
5. D
Segregation of duties. Several types of internal controls are used in compliance. Preventive controls such as the segregation of duties attempt to prevent unwanted events (noncompliance) from occurring. Detective controls, on the other hand, are used to identify and document noncompliance. Data reconciliations, variance analyses, and physical inventories are all detective internal controls. Corrective controls are used after noncompliance has been identified. They may include disciplinary action or additional training.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Bradford, C. (2017, November 21). Examples of internal controls. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-internal-controls-57039.html
6. C
Virtual auditors. A virtual auditor is a type of compliance technology that uses multiple reasoning processes to help businesses identify errors that affect their compliance with government regulations. Using this technology provides a business with the ability to fix problems quickly and reduce risks associated with noncompliance. Businesses do not use cyber mapping, domain computing, or simulation browsers to inspect financial transactions and ensure that they are in compliance with government regulations.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Virtual Auditor. (2018). Virtual auditor. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.virtualauditor.com/
7. C
Evaluate the author's level of credibility. When conducting research for a business, it is important to consider the source's level of credibility. A person who has extensive knowledge of or expertise in a specific topic is more credible and more likely to present valid or reliable information. For example, an article about the side effects of a medication tends to be more credible if it was written by a doctor or pharmacist rather than if the article was written by a financial planner or mechanic. Although the timeliness of written material is a consideration, it is not related to the author's level of expertise. A researcher cannot always determine the author's level of emotional intelligence by reading a written document. And, it is possible to possess a high level of knowledge about a subject and have low emotional intelligence. The way in which the article is written, rather the author's expertise, will impact the understandability of the information.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: University of California Santa Cruz. (2018, September 6). Evaluate the quality and credibility of your sources. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://library.ucsc.edu/help/research/evaluate-the-quality-and-credibility-of-your-sources
8. B
Outline. The outline format of note-taking involves organizing the content in levels. Under each heading or subheading, the note taker writes short descriptive phrases or key points that relate to the heading or subheading. The sentence method of note-taking involves writing each new thought, topic, or point on a separate line. A disadvantage to using the sentence method is that the content is not always connected to or organized in relation to a previous topic, point, or category of information. Mapping is a visual method of note-taking that involves writing the main topic in a shape (e.g., circle or rectangle) and writing supporting ideas around the shape. Shorthand is a note-taking method that involves the use of symbols and abbreviations to represent words.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: University of Redlands. (2015, June 18). Five notetaking methods. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.redlands.edu/globalassets/depts/student-life/academicsuccess/skills-worksheets/1five_methods_of_notetaking_2015.pdf
9. D
Before the body of the letter. The word "salutation" comes from the Latin word "salve," which means "hello" or "welcome." Therefore, the salutation is a greeting that is written immediately before the beginning of the business letter. Salutations usually begin with the word "dear," followed by the addressee's name and sometimes his/her title. The salutation is not written on the front or back of the envelope or after the body of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2018). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/professional_technical_writing/basic_busi ness_letters/index.html
10. B
Date and time of appointment with customer. Informational messages are written every day in business in order to send routine information to others. Sending a customer a message confirming the date and time of the next appointment is an example of a topic that would be addressed in an informational message. The topic concerns routine information and deals with common business situations. Requesting payment on a past-due account, a charity appealing for a donation, or inviting someone to speak at a conference are examples of topics that would be addressed in persuasive messages.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Whalen, S. (2016, September 4). Written communication: Informative versus persuasive messages. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://salemwhalen.wordpress.com/2016/09/04/written-communication-informative-versuspersuasive-messages/
11. C
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. When businesspeople have time constraints, they often read the executive summary of a lengthy report. The table of contents is the portion of the report in which the various report sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. The appendices are segments that are added to the end of the report and provide supporting information. The conclusion section of the report summarizes results and in some reports, this section includes recommendations for a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (1st ed.) [pp. 420, 423]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
12. B
Suggestions. Upward communication involves sending a message to someone at a higher level in the business. Many businesses encourage upward communication by making it possible for employees to send suggestions and comments to management. Employees who have suggestions on how to improve quality or make positive changes are given an opportunity to transmit that information upward to managers. Instructions, evaluations, and corrections are usually transmitted from a higher level down to employees at a lower level.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (1st ed.) [pp. 27-28]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
13. A
S/He needs a point clarified. When employees do not understand what the speaker has said, it is appropriate to raise their hand to ask for clarification; however, it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking. In many meetings, the leader will ask the participants if they have questions, and it would be appropriate to ask for clarification at that time. Asking questions due to differing opinions or when the agenda is being distributed may not be appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Jarrow, C. (2013). Did you participate in the meeting or were you just there? Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://timemanagementninja.com/2013/10/did-you-participate-inthe-meeting-or-were-you-just-there/
14. C
Policies. Policies are established by businesses to ensure that employees make consistent decisions in handling transactions. All staff should be thoroughly familiar with the business's policies and use them as guidelines. Salespersons should also be familiar with the business's products and promotions, but that information will not help in this situation. Some salespersons are knowledgeable about the business's finances, but that information would also not be useful here.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Burrow, J., & Kleindl, B. (2013). Business management (13th ed.) [pp. 88-89]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
15. D
Sales force automation. Many companies use sales force automation (SFA) technology to support, coordinate, and increase the productivity of their sales professionals. SFA technology, which is a type of customer relationship management software, can help automate many aspects of the sales process, such as tracking leads, prospects, and customers. Other SFA technology features include contact management, sales forecasting, and sales report generation. Campaign management software is used by marketers to develop, execute, and track the effectiveness of promotional campaigns to targeted groups of potential or established customers. Businesses often use personalization technology to target certain products to certain customers based on the customer's purchase history. Matching engine technology works in a similar manner. Based on a particular customer's needs or preferences, matching engine technology determines the product offering that would best appeal to that customer.
SOURCE: CR:018
SOURCE: Krasnoff, B. (2018, July 13). The best lead management software of 2018. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.pcmag.com/roundup/356147/the-best-leadmanagement-software
16. D
Lack of communication. Although a poor investment return, high commission fees, or the geographic location of the financial advisor's office may influence a client's decision to leave the advisor, the most common reason given for firing a financial advisor is a lack of communication. Above all else, financial clients expect and need their advisors to communicate on a regular basis. This means returning the clients' phone calls as soon as possible, replying quickly to their emails, and contacting them regularly to discuss their accounts and answer any questions that they might have.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: O'Connell, B. (n.d.). Why clients fire financial advisors. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/professionals/071113/why-clients-fire-financialadvisors.asp
17. B
Update their databases. Businesses use data-cleansing applications to ensure that their customer databases contain useful, relevant, and accurate data. The data-cleansing process removes duplicate records, updates expired data, and completes incomplete data fields. When a business's database is current and up to date, it can generate accurate reports that help the business make well-informed decisions. Businesses do not use data-cleansing applications to calculate statistical data.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Technopedia. (2010-2018). Data cleansing. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.techopedia.com/definition/1174/data-cleansing18. 
18. C
Concert tickets. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a decision is made to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than for another. In this case, the concert tickets were given up; therefore, they are the opportunity cost.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
19. A
A large number of rose bushes are killed by disease. This would reduce the supply of roses and increase the price of the flowers. Any factor that causes changes in supply and demand will also cause changes in prices. The assortment carried does not affect the price of the other flowers.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012 When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
20. B
Earn a profit. The goal of business is to earn a profit. If businesses do not earn a profit, they will not be able to contribute to society. Businesses contribute to society in many ways, and most of these require money. For example, they create jobs and hire employees so members of the community have income to support themselves and their families. Businesses often allow employees to participate in certain community activities on company time, such as cleaning up a neighborhood. Businesses also donate money to support community programs. None of this would be possible if the business was not organized in a way that allowed it to earn a profit.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103 Designed To Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
21. D
Higher productivity. Higher productivity is a result of globalization. When countries or regions concentrate on creating specific goods or services in which they have a production advantage, productivity goes up all over the world. Globalization also results in increased competition. The trend does not necessarily affect consumer spending or product life cycles.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107 Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
22. B
Income. Income tax is a tax on profit. When businesses earn a profit from supplying goods and services to consumers, they pay a certain percentage of that profit to the government. The tax that businesses pay on the profits they earn is not an example of excise or sales tax. Property tax is a tax on material goods rather than on profit.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
23. C
Enrichment. Job enrichment refers to adding interest and satisfaction to a job task. Making decisions, setting work pace, and supervising fellow employees could all be ways of adding interest and satisfaction to a job. Job rotation refers to exposing employees to more than one job task. Job satisfaction refers to an employee's contentment with his/her job tasks. Job enlargement refers to combining specific job tasks in an effort to create exposure to more than just one work area. All four of these are ways in which companies combat job boredom, decreased morale, or other negatives in the workplace.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: LAP-EC-007 Divide and Conquer (Specialization and Division of Labor)
24. A
Recession. A recession occurs when an economic contraction exists for at least six consecutive months. During this time, consumer spending decreases and companies reduce hiring or lay off workers. As a result, jobs are more difficult to obtain and many workers take jobs for which they are overqualified. These workers are underemployed workers. During times of expansion or when a business cycle peaks, employment opportunities tend to increase, reducing the number underemployed workers. Inhibition is not a common term that describes a phase of a business cycle.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: LAP-EC-029 Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
25. C
Hand gestures. Nonverbal communication (body language) involves gestures or facial expressions rather than the use of words. Because different countries have unique cultural and social behaviors, it is important for businesspeople to understand these differences when doing business in other nations. For example, a hand gesture may mean a sign of friendship in one country but be a sign of disrespect in another country. Word pronunciation and grammar usage are language (verbal) issues. Interactive feedback is a general term that includes both verbal and nonverbal communication elements.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
26. A
A lack of knowledge about a group of people. If you are surrounded by those who are just like you, you may not understand people who are different. You may experience discomfort or even fear when you do encounter someone different, which can lead you to resort to prejudicial thinking. Exposing yourself to new situations and openly discussing bias with others can decrease prejudice and discrimination rather than causing it. Finally, naturally occurring differences of opinion might cause disagreements, but they do not cause prejudice and discrimination.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139 Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
27. D
Blaming another person for his mistake. Taking responsibility for your actions involves accepting the consequences (good or bad) of your behavior, admitting and learning from your mistakes, and trying to do better in the future. In the example, Jason blamed the office assistant for the mistake, but he is the employee who is responsible for ordering the washers. By blaming another employee, Jason is failing to accept responsibility for his actions. Jason was not helping Susan resolve the problem, providing a valid reason for the stock-out, or denying that a problem exists.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
28. D
No. Joe would have only 30 minutes to meet with the vendor before he needs to return to the office. Managing work commitments in a timely manner involves allowing enough time to complete the most important tasks first. Joe had commitments that he needs to keep from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. and at 2:00 p.m. Because the vendor asked Joe to meet at a restaurant that was 30 minutes away from his office, he doesn't have enough time to meet with the vendor for one hour at 1:00 p.m. If the vendor is not available at an earlier time at a closer location, Joe must decline the luncheon invitation and schedule it at a time that is more convenient for both of them. It's not unusual for last-minute meetings to take place, if other commitments are not an issue. Therefore, the vendor was not being rude by asking Joe if he had time to meet. There is not enough information to determine if Joe had the authority to reschedule the training session. Moving the lunch reservation to 12:45 p.m. would not help because Joe would be 15 minutes late to his training session.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077 Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
29. B
Inflexible and resistant to change. Negative people tend to be inflexible and resistant to change. Being flexible and open to new ideas, generous and helpful, courteous and considerate are all characteristics of someone with a positive attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
30. C
Negative. A person who is defensive is easily angered or upset by criticism or suggestions perceived as criticism. His/Her defensive response is usually irritating to the person offering the criticism or suggestions, which may trigger an unsympathetic, unpleasant, or uncooperative reaction from the speaker.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. C
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place or to "walk in another person's shoes." Respect is honor and esteem. Perspective is the way in which people view life. Understanding is the ability to comprehend or to think and learn.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
32. D
Being transparent. Being transparent is the first step toward building trusting relationships. Increased productivity, better ideas, and increased sales are all benefits of transparency.
SOURCE: EI:129
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129 Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)
33. C
Initiating conversations with others. Taking the initiative to approach other people and begin conversations is a good example of assertive verbal behavior. Other examples include openly expressing your positive or negative thoughts, asking questions, and requesting help. Maintaining appropriate eye contact is an example of nonverbal behavior. Giving a progress report in a staff meeting is a routine job task that does not demonstrate assertive verbal behavior. Complimenting someone to obtain a favor is not assertive but dishonest and manipulative.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. A
Makes employees want to support the organization's mission. When all people involved in a group behave ethically, it runs better. Productivity and morale are higher because everyone feels respected and wants to contribute to the success of the organization. They are likely to agree with and support the organization's mission. Ethical behavior does not necessarily ensure that people are following the rules. It also does not necessarily lead to increased profits and more product sales, although it can help make an organization more successful. While ethical behavior generally correlates with the law, it does not necessarily make sure that laws are never broken.
SOURCE: EI:132
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132 Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)
35. A
Driven to take action. When a person is inspired, s/he is driven to take action. An inspired individual is not disengaged from work, uninterested, bored, or likely to break the rules. In fact, inspired people are typically more engaged, enthusiastic, and excited about their work.
SOURCE: EI:133
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133 A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
36. C
Are not always illegal. Being unethical does not always mean breaking the law, so it doesn't always have legal consequences. An unethical action doesn't become acceptable if everyone is doing it. Behaving ethically means doing the right thing, no matter what. Unethical behavior doesn't just affect the person doing it it can affect everyone.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules to Live By (Nature of Ethics)
37. C
Development. An entrepreneur determines the amount of capital needed to launch a business during the development stage of the entrepreneurial process. The discovery stage involves exploring potential business opportunities for feasibility and profitability. Actualization, the actual launching and running of the business, cannot occur until capital has been obtained. Harvesting is the final step when the entrepreneur determines how to exit the business.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Business Jargons. (n.d.). Entrepreneurial process. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://businessjargons.com/entrepreneurial-process.html
38. C
It is better to receive $100 today than $101 a year from now. According to the concept of the time value of money, the sooner money is received the more time you have to let it grow. Receiving money later costs you the opportunity to earn interest or other appreciation. Saving money will not buy time on debt payment. Time and money are not related by due date.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2018, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
39. A
Will. A will is a legal document that outlines how a person wishes his/her assets to be distributed once s/he dies. If Margot wants to be sure that her sister receives her assets, she should set up a will. Retirement funds, college savings funds, and bank accounts do not guarantee that Margot's assets will be given to her sister.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Williams, G. (2018, June 19). 10 steps to writing a will. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/family-finance/articles/steps-to-writing-awill
40. D
As soon as each check is written. To keep accurate records, you need to record all information in the check register as each transaction occurs. Otherwise, the date, check number, or check amount may be recorded inaccurately. Waiting to record check information can result in difficulties with balancing bank statements when they arrive. This could also result in checks being returned to you for inadequate funds.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Mycreditunion.gov. (2018). Understanding a check and balancing a checkbook. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.mycreditunion.gov/Pages/pocket-cents-understandinga-check-and-balancing-checkbook.aspx
41. C
World Bank Group. The World Bank Group, which includes the World Bank as well as several other international organizations, is an international financial institution that provides financing and advice to impoverished countries to encourage economic development and eliminate poverty. The Small Business Administration is a U.S. government financial institution that provides financial assistance and advice to American small businesses. The Commonwealth of Nations and the Liberty Institute are not financial institutions. The Commonwealth of Nations is an international organization that promotes world peace, democracy, and free trade. The Liberty Institute is an international organization based in the country of Georgia that advocates civil liberties as well as public accountability and effective governance.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Investopedia (n.d.) The world bank. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/w/worldbank.asp
42. C
Bonds, which are debt instruments, are typically less risky investments than stocks. Equity instruments such as common stock are traded on the equity market. Individuals who purchase equity instruments, not debt instruments such as bonds, gain partial ownership of a business. If a company suffers financial difficulties, its bondholders are paid before its stockholders.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Scrofano, J. (2017, September 26). Debt and equity instruments. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7178096-debt-equity-instruments.html
43. D
Convergence. Convergence occurs when financial providers from different financial sectors (e.g., banking services and insurance) merge. Consolidation takes place when financial providers within the same institutional category merge. For example, if two banks were to merge, they would be consolidating their companies. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year) of specific actions the business will take. Two businesses should look much further ahead than just one year before making the decision to merge. Licensing is a business structure that requires the authorization or permission from an owner of another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted, or patented material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties. Businesses that enter into licensing agreements do not merge.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Abel, S., & Back, C. (2016). Achieving convergence of finance, risk and actuarial functions: Beyond transformations. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.ey.com/Publication/vwLUAssets/ey-achieving-convergence-of-finance-risk-andactuarial-function-beyond-transformation/$FILE/ey-achieving-convergence-of-finance-riskand-actuarial-function-beyond-transformation.pdf
44. B
Decrease. Economic factors such as the unemployment rate can affect stock prices. If trends indicate a rise in unemployment rates, the economy may be heading into a recession. In this situation, individuals are often fearful about losing their jobs and are likely to hold onto their money rather than invest it. They may also sell their stock in anticipation of needing the money for living expenses. Businesses often react the same way they may hold onto their funds until the economy rebounds before making major investments. All these factors can cause the value of stocks to decrease.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Levitt, A. (n.d.). Economic indicators that affect the U.S. stock market. Retrieved September 11, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/031413/economic-indicatiorsaffect-us-stock-market.asp
45. D
A movement from fixed exchange rates to floating exchange rates. A fixed exchange rate is one that the government sets and maintains. A fixed exchange rate does not change very often. A floating exchange rate, on the other hand, is constantly in flux determined by the market through supply and demand. To enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, countries around the world have moved from fixed to floating exchange rates, lowered taxes on international financial transactions, increased foreigners' access to domestic financial markets, and decreased restrictions on foreign investment and international trade.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Pologeorgis, N. (n.d.). The globalization of financial services. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-theory/09/risk-free-rate-return.asp
46. A
It has never been easier to find stock information. A few short years ago, only professionals and wealthy investors had access to in-depth stock information. Now, there is a great deal of easy-to-find information, all available to the individual investor.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 377-380]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
47. A
The previous day's closing price was $34.39, $0.62 less than the last price for today. To calculate the previous day's closing price, investors can subtract the net change (the difference between the closing price and the previous day's closing price) from the last price for the day ($35.01 - $0.62 = $34.39). The price/earnings ratio (P/E) indicates how much higher the stock share price is than its earnings per share. So, Home Depot's stock share price is 18.92 times higher than its earnings per share. The lowest price paid for Home Depot stock during the last year was $26.62. An investor who owned 100 shares of Home Depot's stock last quarter earned $95 in dividends (100 shares X $0.95 per share = $95).
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [p. 394]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. D
Investments. There is a wide range of investments available to individuals who want the opportunity to increase their worth. Some investments are riskier than others, which means that individuals might lose money rather than make money. Certificates of deposit are safe investments because they pay a guaranteed amount of interest over a specific period of time. Collectibles are a riskier type of investment because the collectible, such as a baseball card, might lose value over time and not have any worth. Certificates of deposit and collectibles are not types of accounts or securities. Certificates of deposit earn interest while collectibles may or may not increase in value.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
49. A
New investments by the owner. New investments or withdrawals by the owner are specifically represented on a statement of changes in an owner's equity document, as well as the business's net income or loss. Property taxes, depreciation of company assets, and lost revenue are considered when determining net income or loss, but they are not specifically listed on the statement of changes in an owner's equity document.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2012). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-year course) [pp. 228-231]. Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. A
During their first meeting, a financial planner asks Colin specific questions about his financial goals. Responsible financial planners ask questions to determine their clients' financial goals and their comfort levels with risk. When financial planners understand their clients' financial needs and wants, they are better equipped to help their clients set realistic financial goals. The statement does not provide enough information to determine if Katherine's client is comfortable buying a high-risk financial product. If the client is not a risk-taker, then Katherine is acting irresponsibly. Sharing a client's confidential information with a friend and delaying bad news about an investment are irresponsible and unethical behaviors.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2018, April 26). Financial ethics will improve the profitability of your small business. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/fraud/a/Financial_Ethics.htm
51. B
Sunk cost. Sunk costs are costs that are incurred and cannot be recovered. In the situation described, the business spent money to train an employee who quit shortly thereafter. The business will not be able to recoup the training costs because the employee is no longer there to perform the work that s/he was trained to do. Training is an internal cost. Current assets include things such as inventory, cash, accounts receivable, etc. A capital liability is the responsibility incurred when purchasing a capital asset such as a building or a piece of equipment. This often involves borrowing a large amount of money to obtain the asset.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Bragg. S. (2017, August 23). Sunk cost. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-a-sunk-cost.html
52. A
Examining the relevant costs of advertising options. Managerial accountants can use techniques such as relevant cost analysis to assist marketers in making decisions regarding advertising options. They can determine which will have the lowest and highest costs. Determining whether to buy or make a component is not necessarily a marketing decision. Developing a target market analysis would generally not be a task for a managerial accountant. Creating a budget for hiring increases is not directly related to marketing products.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Freedman, J. (2018, June 27). Why management accounting is important in decisionmaking. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/managementaccounting-important-decisionmaking-53947.html
53. B
Purchase price. A variance is the difference between an established standard and the actual outcome. It is important for a business to monitor variances in the price of raw materials because they affect its bottom line. When a vendor increases the prices that it charges for raw materials, it costs the business (manufacturer) more money to produce an item. The business may need to find a vendor that charges less for the materials or parts, or it may need to increase its selling price the amount that the business charges its customers for the finished good. Fixed overhead costs are expenses that do not change in relation to changes in sales volume and include things such as rent and employee salaries. Material yield analysis involves analyzing variances in the number of materials/products that are supposed to be used/sold with the actual number of materials/products that have been used/sold in a certain timeframe.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2017, August 30). Variance analysis. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
54. C
Directing. Budgeting involves setting goals, executing those goals, and comparing results to those goals. Kenneth is executing his goals by directing his employees' actions with the help of his budget. Planning is setting goals. Controlling is comparing performance to expectations. Monitoring is tracking progress. They are all functions of budgets, but they are not specifically related to Kenneth's example.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., Reeve, J.M., & Duchac, J. (2014). Managerial accounting (12th ed.) [p. 230]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. B
Managerial. Managerial accounting involves obtaining and analyzing financial data, which the business can use to make decisions about how to operate the business. For example, businesses gather financial information to develop budgets to guide the business's operations. They also analyze costs in relation to profit in order to make decisions about which products to produce and sell. Accrual is a method of accounting that records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time. The focus of financial accounting is preparing information for external users. Equity is the net worth of the business.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Investopedia. (n.d.). Managerial accounting. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/managerialaccounting.asp
56. C
Electricity. Indirect costs are those which are not associated with one particular business activity and cannot easily be assigned to specific cost objects. Because electricity is used for many purposes in an automobile factory, it is considered an indirect cost. Glass is not an indirect cost because it goes toward specific products. Shipping costs, too, can be easily allocated to a particular product or business activity. Because the workers on an assembly line are contributing their efforts toward a particular product, their salaries can also be considered direct costs. Some employees' salaries are considered indirect, depending on the nature of their jobs.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Speilman, E. (2018, February 9). Direct costs vs. indirect costs: Understanding each. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/5498-direct-costsindirect-costs.html
57. A
To estimate income. The sales budget sets the financial pace for a business by estimating what amount of expenses and income can be expected from the sale of the business's goods and services. Sales budgets are extremely important because they estimate the major source of income, which helps a business determine if it will be profitable. Businesses take into consideration future trends, the state of the economy, and the level of competition when developing sales budgets.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106 Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
58. D
$5,512.50. The formula for calculating future value is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate)number of periods. To calculate the future value of Yazmin's investment, first add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.05 = 1.05). Then square that sum, which is the same as multiplying that sum by itself (1.05 2 = 1.05 X 1.05 = 1.1025). Finally, multiply the product by the original investment to determine the value of Yazmin's investment in two years (5,000 X 1.1025 = $5,512.50).
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
59. D
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy is the last-resort action for poor credit. Late payments, liens, and collection agency reports all appear on a credit report, but none have as negative of an impact as bankruptcy.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Griffin, R. (2014, August 7). Bankruptcy may prevent qualifying for a credit card. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.experian.com/blogs/ask-experian/bankruptcy-creditcard/
60. A
Guiding decision-making. One activity of the financial-information management function is to provide accurate financial reports so that managers can make sound decisions about business activities. For instance, managers use the financial reports to make decisions about how to use or reallocate money to operate more efficiently. The reports are not being used to ensure compliance. There is not enough information provided to determine if the managers want to improve customer service or track purchasing behavior by reallocating funds to different departments or business activities.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Stair, R., & Reynolds, G. (2014). Fundamentals of information systems (7th ed.) [pp. 300303]. Boston, MA: Course Technology Cengage Learning.
61. D
Steward. A data steward is, in essence, responsible for ensuring the integrity of an organization's data. To ensure those data's integrity, data stewards must make sure that data are used ethically and honestly and only by those individuals authorized to do so. Pamela failed to fulfill her responsibilities as a data steward because she allowed a coworker to access data that he was not authorized to see or use. An auditor is responsible for verifying the accuracy of business records. In business, a sponsor is typically an individual or organization that financially supports a project, event, or promotion. A data processor is responsible for analyzing facts and figures and putting them into formats useful to the business.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Smith, A.M. (2013). A new view of data stewardship—Unbiased data presentation. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.information-management.com/news/10561501.html?zkPrintable=1&nopagination=1
62. D
Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding. As businesses have become more comfortable with the use of electronic information, their willingness to accept electronic documents as legally binding contracts has also increased. This has been buoyed by the passage of laws recognizing electronic documents and signatures as legally binding. Electronic information exchange procedures have not been removed. These procedures provide a way for people to exchange information electronically. Security remains an issue for online financial-information management. Although customers' right to privacy is an issue, it has not contributed to the increased use of online technology in financial-information management.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Swan, E. (2015, October 1). Electronic signature laws in the U.S. and around the world. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.efilecabinet.com/electronic-signature-lawsin-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/
63. B
Automated data transfer. Businesses typically use different software programs to accommodate their various needs. To quickly and efficiently obtain the financial information stored in other programs, some budgeting software programs have applications that automatically transfer data from other programs (e.g., ERP and CRM) to facilitate budget development and report generation. The cross-reference function in a spreadsheet program enables computer users to locate related data or information in other worksheets, spreadsheets, etc. The group function in a spreadsheet program enables computer users to group different cells of data. In spreadsheet applications, the data validation function ensures that computer users input correct values into specific spreadsheet cells.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage Corporation. (2018). ERP system data integration with your accounting or g/l system. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://centage.com/Products/Editions/LinkMaestro.asp
64. C
Financial analysis. Businesses often use financial analysis applications to quickly and easily examine their financial health. The software calculates and reports many different financial ratios, compares a business's financial performance to that of competitors and industry standards, and increases the finance department's productivity. Budgeting software allows business owners and managers to develop budgets, study each item in a budget individually and together as a whole, and measure the impact that different actions would have on the budget. Data mining software is often used to find relationships or patterns among a vast amount of company data. Data mining software is also used to analyze data; however, not all data mining software analyzes financial data. Field service software is typically used by businesses with sales and service teams who do most of their work outside the office. Professionals such as plumbers and home health care aides use field service software to report their hours, activities, clients, etc.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Thomson Reuters. (n.d.). Financial analysis CS: Features and benefits. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://cs.thomsonreuters.com/financial-analysis/features.aspx
65. D
Lean. Lean is a production practice that focuses on eliminating wasteful processes that do not add value. It increases implementation speeds and productivity. Six sigma is a set of strategies that focuses on limiting defects and variability in order to improve process control. Its focus is on quality rather than speed and waste elimination. Activity-based costing is a strategy for assigning overhead costs in a logical manner. Tank's Trucking Company is not necessarily focused on costing methods. Finally, sustainability is the management of social, environmental, and financial demands to minimize impact on the environment or society. Eliminating waste could be a part of sustainability, but creating more value with fewer resources is not related to sustainability.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Process Excellence Network. (2013, April 22). Process excellence explained: What's the difference between lean, six sigma, and business process management? Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.processexcellencenetwork.com/business-processmanagement-bpm/articles/process-excellence-explained-what-s-the-difference/
66. C
To determine the likelihood of getting paid. Creditors take risks when extending credit to customers whether they are letting them borrow money or defer payment for product. By analyzing customers' financial information, they have a better idea of whether the customers pay their debts. Stockholders analyze financial information to determine whether they are making good investments. The accounting method customers use indicates when sales and expenses are recorded in the customers' books. Determining how often inventory turns must be compared with other companies in the same industry to determine whether inventory is being held too long. The figure by itself does not communicate anything to creditors.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Inc. (2018). Credit evaluation and approval. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/credit-evaluation-and-approval.html
67. D
Job specification. A job specification is an explanation of the skills, knowledge, and characteristics required for a job. It describes what a person in that position should be. When Latisha lists the education and personal traits she wants a nurse to have, she's creating a job specification. A job description is an explanation of the responsibilities and tasks associated with a specific job. It describes what an employee in the position does. If Latisha wrote a job description for the nurse position, she would explain the actual duties of the job. Strategic planning is long-range planning (about three to five years) for the company as a whole. Onboarding activities are part of the staffing process and include employee orientation and various types of paperwork, like insurance, tax withholding, direct deposit, and citizenship information.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. B
Trade. Since marketing creates exchanges between people and nations, it encourages people from different countries to trade frequently. Traveling, training, and thinking are reputable activities, but they are not specifically encouraged by marketing.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. A
Reduce a business's risk. Informed decisions are better decisions, and they reduce a business's risk. Informed decisions help businesses compete better. They may or may not cost less money.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. C
To be ethical. Businesses gather and maintain a wide range of information, and some of this information may be private or confidential. For example, businesses may have personal information about customers and employees. Making sure that this information is secure is a matter of ethics. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm to individuals. Businesses do not keep information secure to be secretive, beat the competition, or avoid publicity.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Australian Association of Social Workers. (2015, December). Ethics and practice guidelineInformation management. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.aasw.asn.au/document/item/4680
71. B
Copyright. Copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and gives their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. If a business uses information that is copyrighted without obtaining permission from the copyright holder, the business is violating copyright laws. Copyright infringement is a legal issue because businesses can be sued and required to pay a substantial penalty. Patent, trademark, and contract laws do not involve the use of information.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Tysver, D. (1996-2018). Copyright law in the United States. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.bitlaw.com/copyright/index.html
72. A
Customer relationship management. Customer relationship management systems accumulate and track customer activities and allow for interactions between customers and businesses. Transaction processing systems collect data from user inputs and generate outputs that assist in the core operations of a business. Supply chain management systems allow companies to work with suppliers and partners to improve operations. Decision support systems give companies access to financial, marketing, and operational data that helps them make better decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2018, June 27). Types of information systems in an organization. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-information-systemsorganization-43097.html
73. B
Electronic task organizer. Electronic task organizers and calendars help employees keep track of their appointments and tasks, which help them be more efficient, organized, and productive workers. Spreadsheet software programs record and calculate numerical data. Instant-messaging programs allow Internet users to communicate in real time. Perpetual calendars and alarm clocks may not be computerbased.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Hein, R. (2013, April 18). 9 top iPhone and iPad productivity and time management apps. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.networkworld.com/article/2357942/smb/96495-9-Top-iPhone-and-iPadProductivity-and-Time-Management-Apps.html
74. B
Pinpoint exactly what you want to know. In order to create a successful multi-table query, the first step is figuring out exactly what question you want the database to answer. If you aren't exactly sure what you want to know, the database cannot provide you with the information you need. Determining the criteria for the query, locating the correct tables, and setting the correct join direction are all important steps to take before creating the query, but none of them will be successful unless the exact question has been determined first.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: GCF LearnFree.org. (1998-2018). Access 2013: Designing a multi-table query. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/access2013/designing-a-multitablequery/1/
75. C
Purchasing habits. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales and to be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review invoices to evaluate their customers' business plans, storage needs, or selling policies.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2018). Sales records. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/sales-records
76. C
Clickstream data. Clickstream data are information about the number of people who visit a particular website, how long they spend on the website, and what they do while visiting the website (e.g., browsing, reading reviews, purchasing products, etc.). External data are facts and figures available outside the business. Philippe needs internal data, not external data. Receiving data are information about shipments of goods received by the business. Qualitative data are facts and figures based on opinions and personal interpretations. Philippe needs quantitative data containing specific numerical facts and figures, not qualitative data.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Sentance, R. (2017, September 11). Using clickstream data to know your customer's entire online journey. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.clickz.com/usingclickstream-data-to-know-your-customers-entire-online-journey/112816/
77. C
Electronic data interchange (EDI). EDI systems allow businesses to transmit information to and from their suppliers. EDI applications can track a business's inventory and determine when the business should reorder, which increases the purchasing function's efficiency. GPS technology involves guiding and tracking vehicles en route to a destination. CRM technology is used to monitor customer data and build ongoing customer relationships. Sales departments use territorial routing software to develop efficient sales-call patterns.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Bozarth, C.C., & Handfield, R.B. (2013). Introduction to operations and supply chain management (3rd ed.) [p. 368]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education Prentice Hall.
78. A
The next accident could result in an injury. The fact that one accident does not result in an injury does not ensure that the next accident will have the same results. An accident that does not cause an injury should be reported to a supervisor so that the circumstances causing the accident can be corrected if possible. This may save someone else from injury. Government regulations vary from state to state and for different industries. Reporting an uninjurious accident does not prevent future liability.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 565-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
79. C
Determine when certain parts of the project are due. When you are creating a schedule for your project plan, you should determine when certain parts of the project are due and make sure your schedule accounts for it. You cannot figure out exactly when you will get each part of the project done, but you can make estimates. Breaking down the work into specific activities and tasks happens before the schedule is created. Identifying risks happens after you create your schedule.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519 Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
80. D
Planning. A risk analysis takes place in the planning stage of project management. Project managers analyze risk in an effort to prepare to minimize its effects as much as possible. In the initiation phase, the idea for the project is assessed and a statement of work and project charter are drafted. In the execution phase, the work of the project is completed. In the closing phase, project managers deliver the final product and tie up any loose ends.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158 Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
81. D
Translating it into a realistic budget. Determining project costs involves taking the information gained from assessing needed resources and translating it into a realistic budget, with the client's input. It shouldn't be necessary to ask the client to double the project's funding at this point in the planning process. Cost information shouldn't be necessary for creating a project schedule. The project purpose shouldn't be dependent on costs; rather, costs and budget should fit with project purpose.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
82. B
Bid analysis. Businesses compare the prices offered by different vendors for the same goods and services in order to decide from whom to make the purchase. Analyzing the bids allows businesses to find out which vendor is offering the best price. Price fixing involves businesses agreeing on prices of their products resulting in little choice for the consumer. Receipt of goods is the arrival of the order at its destination. Invoice payment is paying for the goods once they have been received.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002 Buy Right (Purchasing)
83. B
Follow company policies and procedures. Most businesses have specific policies that provide guidelines for the ways in which employees are expected to carry out their tasks. Following these guidelines can save the business money. For example, some company policies limit the time during which customers can return purchases. When employees follow this rule, the company avoids losing money on products it can neither return to the vendor nor sell to other customers. Although you should try to work as efficiently as possible, it's not a good idea to focus strictly on how much work you can get done. The quality of the work is often more important than the quantity. Instead of handling customer transactions as quickly as possible, it's better to focus on accuracy. Handling sales transactions correctly is a great opportunity to save the company money. Carrying out research and development activities is one of the effects of expense control, not a way an employee can help his or her company with expense control.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
84. A
Clarifies the goals. Writing out your goals helps you clarify them. It makes the goals real, and it also serves as a reminder. Writing out your goals does not make the goals attainable or provide a challenge. Perseverance is the ability to keep at something until it is finished, and you must develop that on your own.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
85. D
People show creativity in a variety of ways. People show creativity in a variety of ways, not just through entertainment and the arts. Creativity is a skill we use all the time. You don't have to be born with it anyone can enhance and develop her/his creativity.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012 Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
86. C
Write "does not apply." Writing "does not apply" lets the employer know you read and completed the entire application. Making up a response is deceptive and inappropriate. If the question is left blank, the employer might think you forgot to answer the question. If you write "cannot answer," the employer might think you are hiding something because you are not willing to answer the question.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [p. 343]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
87. A
It prepares you to ask good questions. As a job applicant, you should find out as much as possible about the business before a job interview so that you are prepared to ask intelligent questions about the company. This does not ensure that you'll be considered for the available job, but it does indicate your interest in the company and the job. It does not necessarily indicate that you have done a lot of reading, since you may have obtained information about the company from other sources such as current employees or television news. It is not necessary for you to have something to discuss with the interviewer as the interviewer decides what will be discussed.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 90-91). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
88. C
Provide further information. By offering to provide further information, applicants are indicating their interest in the job without stating it directly. They are reinforcing their desire to be hired. Interviewers usually take this type of offer to mean that the applicant wants to be seriously considered for the position. Applicants have applied for a specific job and should not offer to take anything that is available. The job they have applied for has a specific salary range, and it would be inappropriate to offer to work for less. Applicants are not expected to send gifts of any type to interviewers.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 90-91). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
89. A
Underwriter. The work of underwriters is important to the insurance industry. Underwriters are responsible for calculating the risk of loss, establishing premium rates, and designing policies to cover risk. Many choose to specialize in life insurance, health insurance, or property and casualty insurance. Insurance agents are responsible for selling insurance policies and other financial services. Accountants are responsible for preparing, analyzing, and verifying a variety of financial data. Financial analysts evaluate companies and industries and make recommendations to buy, sell, or hold certain securities. Financial analysts are also known as securities analysts or investment analysts.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020 Career Opportunities in Finance
90. C
Corporate governance aligns the interests of individuals, corporations, and society. Corporate governance aligns the interests of all stakeholders and emphasizes group goals. It makes a firm's managers accountable to the shareholders and protects the interests of all stakeholders.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Klazema, A. (2014, May 14). The importance of corporate governance. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://blog.udemy.com/importance-of-corporate-governance/
91. A
Encouraging employee participation at board meetings. Achieving corporate governance objectives requires the participation of all people involved with a company. It is especially important for an organization's employees to be actively engaged in corporate governance. Employees should be encouraged to participate in board meetings to raise questions or concerns that they may have about the company's actions. Preventing stakeholders from viewing financial information, allowing senior managers to serve on the board of directors, and releasing an annual report detailing their failures and losses are not appropriate steps companies should take to achieve corporate governance objectives.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Safetrac. (2015, January 19). Achieving good corporate governance. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.safetrac.com.au/achieving-good-corporate-governance/
92. A
Management; stakeholders. Internal audits are performed for management within a company to analyze practices and examine risks. External audits are done by outside firms and are used by stakeholders such as investors, creditors, and lenders. External audits are generally not used by employees, management, or competitors. Internal audits are not used by stakeholders or creditors.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2017, December 24). The difference between internal and external audits. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-andanswers/the-difference-between-internal-and-external-audits.html
93. D
Board of directors. The board of directors guides the organization during the decision-making process so that the organization continues to accomplish its mission in an efficient and ethical way. It would not be appropriate for the C-Suite, an organization's employees, or the public to act as an organization's conscience during decision-making.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (n.d.). Corporate governance - definition, scope and benefits. Retrieved September 16, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
94. C
Networking. Networking involves connecting with individuals who might help accomplish career and professional goals. By serving on trade association committees, co-authoring articles for publication, and treating business contacts to dinner or golf, Brynn creates situations in which she has the opportunity to get to know other professionals and possibly build relationships that will be beneficial for everyone involved. Cooperating with others shows a willingness to work together to resolve differences or achieve common goals. Although Brynn is cooperating with others while carrying out these activities, her ultimate goal is to build a network of business professionals who can help her achieve her career goals. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a salesperson suggests a higher priced product than the one originally requested by the customer.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/building-business-relationships
95. D
Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics. Employees must clearly understand the business's ethical standards and expectations. Offering ethics training can help employees understand the business's rules and ethical standards. Employees who do not have a clear understanding of the business's expectations in relation to ethical behavior put the business at risk. Employees who do not follow the business's ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. Because employees' experiences and beliefs often vary and because there are many gray areas in the business world, the business should not allow employees to follow their personal set of ethics or assume that the employees know what the business considers ethical behavior. Ethics are a set of principles that do not vary by situation.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Queensland Government. (2018). Costs and benefits of holding stock. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.business.qld.gov.au/running-business/finances-cash-flow/stockcontrol/costs-benefits
96. C
Performing backup procedures on a regular basis. Backing up the computer system and storing the backup information off-site can reduce financial losses due to uncontrollable circumstances such as electrical outages or fire. Businesses that do not perform backup procedures on a regular basis may lose the data for good or take a lot of time and money to replace if a disaster harms its computer systems. Computer systems help make businesses operate more efficiently than manual systems do. Different types of intrusion detection systems (e.g., firewalls) are designed to protect the business's computer systems from unauthorized access. Passwords and encryption are additional techniques used to secure access to computer information.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Patterson, T. (2015, September). The use of information technology in risk management. Retrieved September 16, 2018, from https://www.aicpa.org/InterestAreas/FRC/AssuranceAdvisoryServices/DownloadableDocuments/ASEC_Whitepapers/Risk_Technology.pdf
97. A
Captive insurance companies; transfer. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade associations) often form their own insurance companies, which are known as captive insurance companies. The founding organizations control their captive insurance companies' underwriting processes, premium rates, and claims-processing policies. This is an advantage to the founding companies because a primary reason they form their own insurance companies is they often carry risks that commercial insurance companies do not cover. For example, mining companies tend to carry more risk due to the dangerous nature of the mining process. When businesses purchase insurance, they are minimizing risks by transferring them to another entity; therefore, in these situations, businesses are not avoiding or assuming risks. Organizations do not form insurance rating companies, insurance brokerage firms, or independent life insurance agencies to transfer unusual types of risks.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Wallace, O., & Foster, N. (2014, November 6). What is captive insurance? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-captive-insurance.htm
98. B
It determines the minimum reserve requirements in financial trading. Different measures can result in a lower or higher minimum reserve requirement, which results in a lower or higher profit for the financial institution. Although it does not designate the audience that will receive the resulting financial reports, some financial measures should be used for internal purposes while other measures are more appropriate for external audiences. The number of clients to serve and the types of risks to be encountered are not aspects of selecting a risk measure.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (n.d.). External and internal factors of financial risk. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/external-internal-factors-financial-risk-4563.html
99. B
ERM focuses on the combined impact of all risks. Enterprise risk management takes into account all of the risks that an organization may face and looks at their combined impact. Not all risks are negative; risks can be positive, and positive risks must be considered as well as negative risks. Enterprise risk management does not make it more difficult to achieve goals; in fact, it can help an organization achieve its goals. Risks are not usually related to relationships between employees; there are many types of risks related to all aspects of an organization.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). What is enterprise risk management and why is it important? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/031715/what-enterprise-risk-management-and-why-it-important.asp
100. B
Managers. Managers are responsible for setting the overall goals and motivating their employees to work toward accomplishing them so the business can be successful. Employees are responsible for working toward the goals of the business, but they are not responsible for setting goals. Consultants do not set goals for businesses other than their own. Supervisors guide employees in carrying out the activities of the business.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1194
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
International. International law includes treaties and laws that are created and enforced by organizations such as the United Nations and the International Criminal Court. International law deals with agreements between nations and globally accepted standards of behavior in areas such as human rights, refugees, migration, and war. Federal, state, and local are all levels of law, but are not related to treaties, migration, and war.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. D
Following legal procedure. Legal procedure refers to the methods that are used to protect an individual's or business's legal rights. Each jurisdiction's court system requires that certain procedures be followed to ensure fair treatment to both the plaintiff and the defendant. This involves following legal procedures to file complaints with the court, to serve documents to the opposition, and to exhibit proper behavior with witnesses and jurors during court proceedings. The purpose of legal procedures is to provide consistent and fair treatment to all parties involved in a legal dispute. The judicial system does not develop contracts or implement laws; it rules on contract validity by interpreting laws.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Yeazell, S. (2018). Procedural law. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.britannica.com/topic/procedural-law
3. B
Insider trading. If a corporate “insider” such as an owner, director, or high-level manager shares confidential company information with someone who then buys or sells the company's stock as a result of this knowledge, illegal insider trading occurs. Insider trading is not always illegal, though. Legal insider trading takes place when corporate insiders buy or sell their own company's securities and report the trades to the SEC. Accounting fraud occurs when a company or organization knowingly publishes incorrect information on its financial statements. Affinity fraud, often in the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme, is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. Market capitalization is an indicator of the size of a public company as measured by the total dollar value of its stock.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (n.d.). Insider trading. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.investor.gov/additional-resources/general-resources/glossary/insidertrading
4. D
Fiduciaries. Individual's financial advisors may serve as a fiduciary, and a fiduciary relationship will exist. The fiduciary is responsible for caring for another person's assets and makes the decisions regarding an individual's assets. An example of a fiduciary would be a trusted financial advisor such as an accountant, attorney, or insurance agent. An economist is a person who studies how countries and individuals make economic decisions. A bookkeeper is an individual who analyzes financial transactions, journalizes those transactions, posts the journal entries to ledgers, and balances the books. Although Lucy's accountant may also be her bookkeeper, her attorney and life-insurance agent are not likely to be bookkeepers.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2018, May 24). Fiduciaries and their role in your estate. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-fiduciary-3505114
5. B
Capital losses. An investor's capital gains are her/his earnings from the appreciation of investments. Most federal governments collect taxes from investors on these capital gains. One way to reduce an investor's capital gains tax burden is to subtract his/her capital losses (money that s/he has lost from the depreciation of investments) from the capital gains. S/He would only pay taxes on the difference, if it is positive. If her/his capital losses are greater than the capital gains, then s/he wouldn't pay any capital gains tax at all. Long-term, rather than short-term, investments help investors to reduce their capital gains tax burden, especially in the United States where long-term capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than short-term capital gains. Puttable bonds and value stocks typically have no impact on an investor's capital gains taxes.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Roos, D. (2018). How capital gains tax works. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/personal-income-taxes/capital-gainstax3.htm
6. A
Business disruption. If warnings and fines do not prompt a business to comply with the laws, the government may take steps to shut down operations until compliance is achieved. This disrupts normal business operations because employees cannot perform their jobs, sell products, and earn revenues. Noncompliance may lower consumer confidence in the business. Persistent non-compliance may force the business to shut down for good and declare bankruptcy. Transparency involves providing honest and accurate financial information via clear communication.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Juman, S. (2018). Introduction to Compliance. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.barclaysimpson.com/introduction-to-compliance
7. B
Efficiency levels tend to increase. Because regulations frequently change, businesses would have a difficult time keeping up with changes manually. Compliance technology helps a business keep up with regulatory changes in real time, which increases its efficiency because fewer people are needed to oversee and carry out compliance efforts. It also lowers a business's vulnerability because the compliance technology continuously monitors business activities and financial transactions and alerts the business about compliance issues when they occur. Businesses should develop audit guidelines, and employees should understand the importance of compliance, no matter how the business complies with regulations.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Compliance Ease. (2018). Compliance analyzer. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.complianceease.com/mainsite/prod/prod_ca_overview.jsp;jsessionid=1866AB0D F5A88E87DC35139F50454574?content=/opencms/CEContent/prod/prod_ca_overview_m.js p&right=/opencms/CEContent/prod/r_critical_decision.jsp
8. C
The federal government's labor and workforce website. When exploring career trends, researchers need to identify credible sources that keep their information up to date. Federal governments often post and regularly update career information on their labor and workforce websites. The United States posts and publishes the Occupational Outlook Handbook, which provides information about career trends for hundreds of careers. The Canadian government posts career information about job trends in Canada on a website called Working in Canada. There is not enough information provided to determine if the accounting textbook or newspaper article contains current or relevant career information about accounting. An insurance trade publication is more likely to contain articles about insurance careers than accounting careers.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Gil, P. (2017, February 2). How real online research works. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.lifewire.com/how-real-online-research-works-2483456
9. A
Listen. Speaking and/or writing does not help a person follow verbal directions. Following directions can only be accomplished by listening to what the other person has to say and interpreting its meaning. Understanding is the result of good listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 192-193). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
10. C
To arrange findings in a logical manner. Before preparing a business report, it is important to organize the information so the findings are arranged in a logical manner. The facts and findings should be presented in a logical manner so readers will be able to understand the message. If the information is out of order, the message may not be clear. Before the information can be organized, it is necessary to understand the purpose of the report, identify the target audience, and investigate the cause of the problem.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: University of Washington. (n.d.). Patterns of organization. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://faculty.washington.edu/ezent/impo.htm
11. D
Appendix. Supplemental information for long or complex reports is presented in an appendix, which is a separate section placed at the end of a report. The information in the appendix might contain graphs, text, or a combination of both elements. A bibliography is a component of a report that summarizes the information sources that the writer used to prepare the report. An executive summary is an overview of the entire report. The table of contents is the portion of a long report in which the sections are listed with their page numbers.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Money Matters. (2015, Devember 21). Parts of a business report. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://accountlearning.com/parts-of-a-business-report/
12. C
Take some time away from the document. Stepping away from the document for a while allows the writer to view it from a fresh perspective. This allows you to take a more honest look at what you've written. Creating an outline should come before the first draft. Writers shouldn't spend time correcting grammatical errors at this point because many sentences and words may be revised or cut later. A writer should determine the purpose of the paper before writing the first draft.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: The Writing Center at UNC Chapel Hill. (2018). Revising drafts. Retrieved on October 23, 2018, from http://writingcenter.unc.edu/handouts/revising-drafts/
13. D
Call to action. When writing persuasive messages, it can be helpful to close with a call to action. This reminds the reader of what you want them to do—in Garret's case, it reminds business owners that the band needs their donations. Storytelling, establishing credibility, and grabbing attention are other techniques that can be used in persuasive letters, but they are not used in Garret's example.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Bly, R. (n.d.).The fundamentals of persuasive writing. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.bly.com/Pages/documents/TFOPW.html
14. C
Silent. Silent customers are shy, insecure, or too sensitive to talk very much even when they need help. It may be difficult to meet the needs of this kind of customer because it is hard to identify those needs. Customers who are patient, agreeable, and decisive are much easier to help.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-003—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
15. D
Customers feel they are important. Employees should take action within company policy as soon as they have an accurate understanding of the customer's complaint. This makes customers feel that their patronage is important to the business. Customers generally appreciate speedy action and do not resent it. The business's image is enhanced by the speedy resolution of customers' complaints. Costs are more likely to be reduced than increased.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
16. B
Received referrals from an existing client. When clients such as Trevor are happy with a financial planner's services, they are likely to recommend or refer the financial professional to their friends, family, and colleagues. Trevor could also give Catherine the contact information of his friends and colleagues so that she can follow up with them. The benefit to Catherine is that she increases her client base and earning potential. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Trevor used social media applications to communicate with his friends and colleagues about Catherine, if Catherine earned a sizeable commission from Trevor's investments, or if Catherine obtained recognition from her colleagues.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: BlueShore Financial. (2002-2018). Ten traits of successful financial advisors. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.blueshorefinancial.com/ToolsAdvice/Articles/FinancialPlanning/TenTraitsOfSucc essfulFinancialAdvisors/
17. A
Incomplete records. Data-cleansing helps a business maintain a database of useful, relevant, and accurate data. Data-cleansing applications help identify and remove duplicate (redundant) records, expired data, and incomplete data fields such as missing phone numbers, email addresses, and zip codes. Transposed data are data that are out of sequence, often a result of computer entry error.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Domkundwar, V. (2018). CRM data cleansing & enrichment—Data management best practices. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.readycontacts.com/crm-datacleansing-enrichment-data-management-best-practices/#
18. A
Competing. Competing wants exist when we want more than one thing at the same time. Wants that can be satisfied without spending money are known as noneconomic wants. Robert needs to spend money to satisfy his wants, so they are economic. When one want is satisfied and there is at least one other want waiting to take its place, the wants are considered unlimited. Robert's wants are not limited in this situation. Robert's wants are personal rather than professional.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
19. C
Place. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available where consumers want or need them. Form utility is usefulness created by changing the shape or form of a tangible good to make it more useful to the consumer. Time utility refers to having the goods/services available at the time consumers want or need them. Product is not a type of utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
20. C
Marketing. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Marketing is an important business activity because it identifies what consumers want and plans how to promote and sell those goods and services to the consumers. Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling business activities to achieve objectives. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services wanted by consumers. Risk management is the business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures involved in limiting business losses. It optimizes the relationship of potential loss to gain.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
21. B
Job reorganization. An internal factor that affects the business environment is job reorganization, or the way the business accomplishes its work. By reorganizing the way the business accomplishes its work, the business may become more efficient, which can have a positive effect on its bottom line. Economic factors, such as the expansion and contraction changes that occur during the business cycle, as well as competition and exchange rates, are external factors that affect the business environment.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
22. B
Natural. The ice storm is a natural risk because it is an act of nature. Other natural risks include floods, tornadoes, fires, lightning, blizzards, and earthquakes. Market risk is a type of economic risk caused by changes in the market, and human risk is caused by human weakness and unpredictability.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
23. D
0.00970. To calculate exchange rates between Japan and the United States, use the following formula: Japan-to-U.S. exchange rate = 1/U.S.-to-Japan exchange rate = 1/103 = 0.00970864. This tells us that one Japanese yen is worth a little less than a penny.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-030—Get Your Money’s Worth (Exchange Rates)
24. D
Proactive. Employees who are proactive adapt to the environment in advance of the occurrence of events and take advantage of opportunities rather than react to problems. Being proactive is an important trait for many employees because they communicate with customers as a part of their jobs. The employees can help make the transactions or interactions pleasant experiences for their customers by being helpful and solving problems quickly. For example, being proactive might involve asking customers if they need help before the customers become frustrated and ask for assistance. Employees who are proactive provide good customer service and are often successful because of their attitude toward customers. An aggressive person ignores the rights of others and takes advantage of them in order to achieve personal goals. A creative person has the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. A sensitive person is aware of the feelings of others and behaves accordingly.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
25. D
An enthusiastic outlook. People who are interesting and involved in a lot of activities are exhibiting an enthusiastic outlook. Having an enthusiastic outlook helps people attract and keep friends. Such people are not indifferent and seldom boring. Not enough information is given to know whether Dan's perspective is rational or based on reality.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Russell, J.E.A. (2013, July 14). Career coach: Enthusiasm is contagious. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/capitalbusiness/career-coachenthusiasm-is-contagious/2013/07/12/c9911d5e-e9a6-11e2-aa9fc03a72e2d342_story.html?utm_term=.28fa8f8ea460
26. A
Reflect and evaluate. The first step in the process of taking responsibility for your decisions and actions is to reflect and evaluate on what beliefs or attitudes might be holding you back. After that, you can concentrate on taking the blame off others, giving yourself a break when you make mistakes, and remembering the little things.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
27. D
You'll gain more information and take the time to truly process the situation. When you listen carefully, you'll gain more information and take the time to truly process the situation. Listening actively does not necessarily allow you to focus on creativity rather than just following instructions. It also does not necessarily make you more in tune with your gut instincts or allow you to analyze possible consequences.
SOURCE: EI:092
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
28. D
Being consistent and ongoing. Being transparent isn't something people can do once and then forget about—instead, it has to happen on a consistent, ongoing basis. Avoiding half truths, giving people the information they need, and allowing for conflict are all characteristics of open, honest communication, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:129
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129—Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)
29. A
A team player mentality. Demonstrating superior knowledge and hoarding information do not help collaboration occur. Teamwork skills are more important than leadership skills when collaborating.
SOURCE: EI:130
SOURCE: LAP-EI-130—Genius Is a Team Sport (Collaborating With Others)
30. B
What are your talents or skills? Your personal vision should reflect your unique skills and talents, so it is a good idea to reflect on what those are before beginning to write your statement. Your vision should focus on your long-term career goals, not specifics such as your desired starting salary. Your vision should be inspiring and motivating to you, so you should not focus on what you wish you could change about yourself.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
31. A
Authoritarian. Authoritarian managers like being in charge, creating detailed plans for employees, and handling all major work problems themselves. If you like rules, directions, and close supervision, you'd be a good match for an authoritarian manager. You probably wouldn't get along quite as well with other types of managers. Democratic managers share authority, seek input, and encourage employees to participate, while laissez-faire managers let their employees function independently and don't give specific or detailed directions. Interdependent is a word that refers to two or more things that need to rely on each other. It isn't a type of management.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
32. A
Her/His knowledge gaps and biases. When attempting to make viable choices, a person must acknowledge her/his knowledge gaps and biases. Everyone has them! What's important is not allowing them to affect your choices and actions negatively. To make viable choices, it's not always necessary to acknowledge current events, close friends, or the faults of others.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
33. A
Increase sales. Credit encourages customers to buy more freely, which helps the business extending credit to increase its sales. Companies also offer credit as a way of gaining new business and ultimately increasing profits. Offering credit will increase expenses, but additional sales from credit transactions may be worth this additional cost. Liabilities and assets are not usually affected by the extension of credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
34. A
Credit union. Credit unions are essentially cooperatives providing financial products and services to a group of individuals who work for the same employer or share some other common interest or characteristic. Only members may save at or borrow from a credit union. Credit unions offer many different types of accounts, including interest-bearing checking accounts, also called share-draft accounts. Mortgage companies, insurance companies, and Certified Public Accounting (CPA) firms are not deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Types of financial institutions and their roles. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporate-finance/1/financialinstitutions.aspx
35. B
Government bonds, corporate stock. Investors buy debt securities, such as government bonds and certificates of deposit, through debt markets. The issuers of debt securities pay investors at a certain time (maturity date) and at a specific interest rate. All levels of government sell debt securities to fund various projects and initiatives. Equity markets trade financial instruments such as corporate stock through exchanges or over-the-counter markets. The stock does not have a maturity date, and can be bought or sold at any time for a gain or loss. Grain and gold are sold through commodities markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Introduction—Types of financial markets and their roles. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporatefinance/1/financial-markets.aspx
36. D
Over-the-counter. An over-the-counter market involves trading securities outside of a formal (auction) exchange. Over-the-counter securities are negotiated trades that occur via a dealer network. Stocks traded over the counter typically involve smaller companies that do not meet the requirements to participate in auction exchanges. On an auction market such as the New York Stock Exchange, multiple traders place bids on behalf of investors. Simultaneously, buyers and sellers submit offers to buy and sell their stocks at certain prices. The stock's trade price is the highest price that a buyer is willing to pay and the lowest price at which the seller is willing to sell. Debt markets buy and sell debt instruments such as bonds and mortgages. Under-the-table is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Over-the-counter: OTC. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/otc.asp
37. A
More consumer loans may be available from the new, larger firm than were available from the smaller, individual firms. When multiple financial firms merge, companies that previously had limited funds to lend to consumers may now have more capital available to offer in the form of consumer loans. Mergers allow businesses to offer a wider variety of products and services to better meet customers' needs. Mergers help firms lower costs, but they may increase consumer risks. If a consumer relies upon the new, larger financial firm to satisfy all of her/his financial needs, s/he faces more risk if and when the firm experiences financial or legal difficulties. It is often difficult for financial experts to get an accurate picture of a large, complex financial conglomerate's current financial condition. A merger is likely to create a large corporation with product offerings that encompass multiple financial sectors. Because the corporation offers products from multiple financial sectors, it is difficult to determine which supervisory agency should regulate and oversee company operations.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Hartman, D. (2017, September 26). The advantages of bank mergers. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8188967-advantages-bank-mergers.html
38. D
Increases. Nominal GNP (the Gross National Product measured in current prices) and the money supply are directly related. When nominal GNP increases, the money supply typically increases as well. Conversely, when nominal GNP goes down, the money supply decreases. And, when the nominal GNP and the money supply increase, the Federal Reserve typically raises interest rates, too. Since the nominal GNP is a long-term economic measure, it would not cause the money supply to fluctuate on a daily basis. Instead, the money supply would increase or decrease over the long term.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Holmes, T., & Everett, W. (2018). What are the effects of an increase in money supply? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-effects-of-anincrease-in-money-supply.htm
39. A
Directing the flow of investment to encourage production. Financial markets help promote long-term economic growth by directing the flow of money efficiently into production, which increases economic growth. Financial markets do not reduce liquidity; rather, they increase it. Financial markets provide indicators of economic health, but this does not necessarily relate to long-term economic development. Financial markets also do not limit the information available to market participants; rather, they make information easier to access.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Beck, T. (2012, July 2). Finance and growth—Lessons from the literature and the recent crisis. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.lse.ac.uk/researchAndExpertise/units/growthCommission/documents/pdf/contribut ions/lseGC_beck_Finance.pdf
40. D
Derivatives. Derivatives, including options, futures, and swaps, are complex financial instruments whose value depends upon the value of other financial instruments (e.g., currencies, securities, commodities, etc.) or a market index. Derivatives are often used on a global scale to help reduce the impact of significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the prices of specific commodities, etc. Stocks, bonds, and real estate are not commonly used in this manner. Stocks are shares of ownership in a corporation. Bonds are lending investments in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Real estate is an ownership investment in which individuals purchase property in buildings and land.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Derivative. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/derivative.asp
41. D
Morningstar. Morningstar is an independent company that provides up-to-date, reliable information and analyses of a variety of securities, including stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. Although Wikipedia contains a wealth of information, it is less likely to be accurate or trustworthy because the content is primarily provided by anonymous Internet users. StandardLine does not provide financial information. Facebook Finance is a fictitious website.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
42. C
Investor Relations. Most publicly traded companies have an "Investor Relations" section within their websites where individuals such as Anna can find the companies' annual reports as well as any other information and filings they have made public throughout the year. Some companies also devote a portion of their websites to "Sustainability," which emphasizes the companies' dedication to impacting the environment and society in positive ways. The "Public Relations" component of most companies' websites contains press releases, press kits, and media resources such as product images and information. The "Leadership" section typically contains biographical profiles of senior executives and members of the board of directors.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
43. D
Net change. The net change, which is commonly identified on stock tables, indicates the difference between the stock's closing price and the previous day's closing price. The ticker symbol is a system of letters that uniquely identifies a company. It is often based on the company name. The price-earnings ratio is determined by dividing the share price of the stock by the earnings per share. The price-earnings ratio is a common heading on stock tables. The 52-week high and low are the highest and lowest prices paid for the stock during the past year.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Net change. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/n/netchange.asp
44. C
Investment. An investment is the use of money to generate a profit or gain. One type of investment is an employer-sponsored retirement plan. Employees contribute a portion of their pay to the plan, and employers often match that amount. Once the employees retire, they are eligible to receive income from the plan. This is a way of investing money to generate a profit that will be used to provide income upon retirement. An employer-sponsored retirement plan is not a type of credit account, inheritance, or living trust.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
45. B
Risk. Insurance is meant to protect against risk. In Balraj's case, he purchases insurance to protect himself against a loss caused by damage from an accident or a natural disaster. Although insurance can help people minimize financial loss, it cannot prevent poverty. A deductible is the amount that Balraj would pay before his insurance company begins to pay.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2018). Insurance basics: What can be covered? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.moneyinstructor.com/doc/insurancecoverage.asp
46. C
$42,315. The assets of a business include cash, accounts receivable, inventory, and property or equipment. In order to determine the assets, add those four figures ($6,500 + $3,725 + $7,240 + $24,850 = $42,315). Short-term debt is a liability because the business owes that money. Short-term debt ($5,300) is not included in assets.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
47. A
Trade credit. When businesses ask vendors to allow them a longer period of time to pay than usual, they are receiving trade credit. These are, in effect, short-term loans that businesses use to obtain and sell products before having to pay the vendors. Product returns from customers, operating expenses, and payments to suppliers or vendors are examples of money going out of the business.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
48. A
Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold includes all costs used in obtaining or producing the goods or services that a business sells, such as materials and supplies. Operating costs are all other expenses in operating the business such as wages, advertising, insurance, rent, and utilities expenses. Gross profit is revenue minus cost of goods sold. Revenue is the total amount of money earned by a business.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
49. C
Reinvest their retained earnings. Retained earnings are the income the business keeps after dividends are paid. Businesses report their retained earnings on the statement of equity, which is also called the statement of retained earnings. The statement of equity shows how much money the business has at the end of an accounting period. This knowledge enables the business to make decisions about how to use the money, which may include remodeling facilities, buying new computer equipment, hiring staff, or developing new products. The statement of equity will not help the business make decisions about how to analyze financial trends, control its production costs, or organize income statements.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2018, January 25). What is a statement of retained earnings? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/statement-of-retained-earnings-393591
50. D
Differential cost. Differential cost is the difference between the costs of two alternatives. Differential cost would help Lauren see which furniture supplier is the best choice. Sunk cost, indirect cost, and imputed cost do not help as directly with determining between two choices.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Accounting for Management. (2018). Differential, opportunity and sunk costs. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.accountingformanagement.org/differential-opportunityand-sunk-costs/
51. A
Marginal analysis. Marginal analysis explains the additional benefits of an activity compared to the additional costs incurred by that activity. It functions as a decision-making tool. Marginal analysis could help a manufacturing company see whether or not the benefits of expanding a product line outweigh the costs. Cost-benefit analysis discusses the costs and benefits, but it does not explain how much the benefits outweigh the costs or vice versa. Variance analysis determines the difference between the plan and the actual behavior. Horizontal analysis is side-by-side comparison of financial results of several reporting periods.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Lewis, J. (2018). How to make a spending decision with marginal analysis. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/make-spending-decision-marginalanalysis-38351.html
52. C
Conducting a cost analysis and explaining the findings to management. Managerial accountants conduct many types of financial analyses. A cost analysis involves measuring direct expenses such as materials and labor and indirect expenses such as overhead costs in order to estimate the total cost of a project. Managerial accountants are responsible for explaining the findings of their analyses to management so that management can make informed financial decisions. Managerial accountants are strictly internal accountants, meaning their work is not typically released to the public. Managerial accountants do not make management decisions regarding planning, pricing, and sales—they simply inform and advise management on company finances. Managerial accountants do not train employees or management on personal financial literacy.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: All Business Schools. (2018). Role of the management accountant. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.allbusinessschools.com/accounting/common-questions/role-of-themanagement-accountant/
53. B
To make the appropriate adjustments. Determining the root cause of a variance in the budget helps determine what adjustments need to be made. If the true root cause is not identified, it will be difficult to make the right adjustments needed to be more successful. Determining the root cause of variances does not necessarily help figure out where to allocate costs, increase sales, or weigh costs vs. benefits.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Cross, V. (2018, June 28). The role of variance analysis in businesses. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/role-variance-analysis-businesses-22641.html
54. C
A budget analysis provides an overview, while standard cost analysis shows the details of variances. When employees analyze a budget, they can determine overall variances in their projections; however, they cannot determine the causes (or the details) of the variances in projections. That information is provided by analyzing standard costs to determine whether too much money was paid for materials, too much time was spent on labor, materials were wasted, or the amount of inputs required differed from projections. This helps businesses pinpoint problems. Both budgets and standard costs deal with projected or forecasted amounts, quality and quantity considerations, and all staff involved in setting the projections.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Cliffs Notes. (2018). Standard costs. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/accounting/accounting-principles-ii/flexiblebudgets-and-standard-costs/standard-costs
55. B
Budgeting. Budgeting is an activity that is commonly performed by a managerial accountant. Managerial cost accountants provide internal feedback. Financial accountants provide external information to investors and others outside of an organization. Budgeting is an aspect of managerial accounting because it helps a business operate internally. Both managerial and financial accountants provide suggestions. Financial accountants create financial statements and journalize financial transactions.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Diffen. (2018). Financial accounting vs management accounting. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.diffen.com/difference/Financial_Accounting_vs_Management_Accounting
56. A
Allocation. In cost allocation, a cost is divided between several cost objects. In this example, a company allocates the cost of a new water cooler to several different departments. This is not considered cost divination, combination, or activation.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Accounting Coach. (2004-2018). What is cost allocation? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-cost-allocation
57. C
$787.86. To determine how much Cheryl's investment will be worth in four years, calculate the future value of her investment. The formula used to find the future value of money is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate)Number of Years. So, the future value of Cheryl's investment is equal to $700 X (1 + 0.03)4. To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.03 = 1.03). Next, raise this sum to the fourth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself four times (1.03 4 = 1.03 X 1.03 X 1.03 X 1.03 = 1.1255). Finally, multiply this product by the original amount of the investment ($700 X 1.1255 = $787.86). So, Cheryl's investment will be worth $787.86 in four years.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Garrison, S. (1999-2018). Time value of money: Self-paced overview. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.studyfinance.com/lessons/timevalue/index.mv
58. B
Market and competitive indicators. In addition to collecting, maintaining, and reporting data about financial transactions, financial-information management is also responsible for maintaining internal operational data and analyzing and reporting external market and competitive indicators. The financialinformation management function is not typically responsible for maintaining information about participative decision-making, dominant buying motives, or recent third-party agreements.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [pp. 294298]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. C
Organizing and analyzing past resource usage data. Financial-information management systems help to collect, organize, and analyze many pieces of financial data in order to improve a company's finances as a whole. A financial-information management system can take past resource usage information and use it to determine future budget requirements. A financial-information management system also manages company assets, collects and analyzes competitive data, and restricts access to confidential information, but these functions do not necessarily relate directly to the development of future budget requirements.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [pp. 294298]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
60. A
Storage strategies. Businesses are legally required to keep certain types of financial information for a specific period of time. Because many businesses must keep a large amount of financial information, they must consider how to archive, or store, historic information. Businesses often store information on magnetic or optical tapes and disks or a combination of different methods. Because technology is evolving, the types of storage options change, so businesses must keep up with the technology. It is important to keep up with technology because businesses must be able to retrieve archived records in formats that are readable and usable at any given time. Service procedures, monetary exchanges, and production methods will not protect the integrity of archived financial information.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: UCLA. (2018). Principles of data integrity. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.finance.ucla.edu/corporate-accounting/principles-of-data-integrity
61. C
Use auditing software applications. Auditing software tracks and records each step of all financial transactions. By keeping records of each step of a financial transaction, the business reduces the risks associated with embezzlement and other unethical and illegal activities within the business. If problems with financial data are detected, independent forensic accountants may be brought into the business to evaluate the inconsistencies. Businesses do not want to limit their financial transactions because some of them involve sales, which increase the businesses' profitability.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: wiseGEEK. (2003-2018). What is an audit trail? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-audit-trail.htm
62. A
Provide personal identification numbers to process transactions. Many credit card service providers currently print security codes (e.g., CVV number) on the back of their customers' credit cards as an additional security measure to prevent credit card fraud. However, these security codes are not foolproof, especially in situations such as in-store point-of-sale transactions in which cashiers do not verify the cardholder's identification by asking for a photo ID (e.g., driver's license). Credit card issuers are moving toward technology in which an encrypted chip is placed in the credit card. This chip contains a PIN that the card user must enter into the POP keypad or computer system (for online purchases) before the transaction can be processed or completed. Because the credit cardholder and the credit card issuer are the only entities that know the PIN, fraud or counterfeiting activities are more difficult to carry out. Cardholders sign receipts at the end of a sales transaction. It is unrealistic to require customers (credit cardholders) to change the magnetic strip on their credit cards.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Santana, M. (2014, January 9). Encrypted chips help fight credit card fraud. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/01/09/encryptedchips-help-fight-credit-card-fraud/4400347/
63. D
Tracking. Most personal and business budgeting applications allow users to connect their budgeting software directly to their bank accounts (e.g., checking and savings) and loans. Rather than manually entering every expense, automatic tracking transmits expense information from the bank to the budgeting application without human intervention. However, it is still wise for budgeting-software users to compare this information to physical receipts to verify that the data are accurate. An automatic backup system copies and saves computer files regularly to prevent loss of important data. Budgeting applications are typically programmed to provide users with automatic alerts—reminders—to make payments that are coming due. An affirmation is something you want to accept, incorporate, or develop. It typically refers to a present or desired strength.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Crary, M. (2012, January 3). Budgeting software options. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/moneywisewomen/2012/01/03/budgeting-softwareoptions/#790c6b33107d
64. A
Cash flow. Computer applications aid businesses in analyzing many types of financial issues. Businesses often want to evaluate the changes in their cash position. To evaluate changes in cash position, the business would analyze its cash flow. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of the business. Evaluating cash flow helps the business forecast and determine the amount of cash it has to work with at any given time. Expenses are cash outflows and are one aspect of analyzing the business's cash flow. Fixed costs are expenses that are not affected by changes in sales volume. Analyzing performance may involve evaluating the productivity and efficiency of different resources (e.g., human, materials, equipment).
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Cash flow. Retrieved October 23, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cashflow.asp
65. C
Reduced waste adds to profit. Lean manufacturing means reducing as much waste as possible, which helps increase profit margins. Improved quality of products does not necessarily relate as directly to the financial status of an organization. Improved customer service does not necessarily cut expenses. Lead times and response times are shorter, but this does not necessarily help directly with the financial improvement of an organization.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Lean Enterprise Institute, Inc. (2000-2018). What is lean? Retrieved October 23, 2018, from http://www.lean.org/whatslean/
66. B
Customer's ability to pay. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Before offering credit to a prospective customer, the business needs to analyze the customer's financial status to determine if the customer has the money available to make payments on time and in the full amount of the agreement. Businesses review the customer's income, assets, debt ratio, credit history, etc. If the customer's financial status meets the business's credit standards, then a credit arrangement is a viable option. If the customer carries high debt in relation to assets, it would be too risky for the business to offer credit because the customer is more likely to become delinquent. The business does not analyze risks related to its own accounting processes or reporting strategies. A beneficiary is a person who receives benefits, most often money, from another person. For example, a beneficiary of a life-insurance policy receives money upon the insured's death.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 761). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill.
67. D
Exit interview. Exit interviews are discussions with employees who are leaving that are designed to gain feedback for the business. Businesses often consider this feedback when making policy changes that affect compensation, working conditions, etc. Application screening involves weeding out the applicants that do not meet minimum requirements for the job or have not satisfactorily completed the application. The human resources function conducts onboarding activities when new employees join the company (e.g., orientation, facility tour or familiarization, and paperwork).
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. D
Explain the advantages. Business employees often need to help customers make the decision to buy. One way to motivate customers is to explain the advantages of purchasing the product. If customers clearly understand the benefits and advantages, they are often motivated to buy. It is important to listen to questions, but answering those questions by explaining the advantages of buying the product will motivate customers to make a decision. Employees should answer any objections in order to point out the advantages. Offering many substitutes might confuse customers and prevent them from making the decision to buy.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 302). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. B
An opinion. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. Amy is stating her opinion about why sales varied from one year to another. Her opinion may be supported by facts (true data), but she isn't presenting any data—current or historical—in her statement. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Amy is stating her opinion as criticism, which involves expressing disapproval.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2018, October 16). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
70. A
Create a new revenue source. By selling its products from an additional location or source (the website), the business creates an opportunity to reach more customers, which might result in more sales. Developing a website does not necessarily reduce marketing expenses or lower taxes for the business. Product mix refers to the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet the needs of its markets and its company goals.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
71. D
Internet Service Providers. Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are companies that supply Internet connectivity to homes and businesses in exchange for a fee. A customer connects to an ISP's network, which then connects them to the larger Internet network. A Point of Presence is a place for local users to access the ISP's network. A Network Access Point is a place where ISP networks connect with each other. Routers are computers that send messages across the Internet to their destinations.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Fisher, T. (2018, September 5). Internet Service Provider (ISP). Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.lifewire.com/internet-service-provider-isp-2625924
72. B
Browser. A browser is a type of software that allows a computer to search, find, access, and view information on the Internet. Google Chrome and Microsoft Internet Explorer are examples of browsers. A folder is an area on a computer's hard drive that can be set up to store specific information. A cookie is a bit of information that a website stores on a user's hard drive. Anchor describes the desktop-publishing concept of placing or fixing a graphic in a specific, consistent position near other page content, such as text.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2018). Web browser. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/B/browser.html
73. C
Do calculations. Businesses often use spreadsheet software to organize and prepare financial documents, such as budgets and profit statements. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is its ability to do mathematical calculations. A business can input columns and rows of dollar amounts or percentages, and the software will complete the computations accurately and quickly. Also, businesses can change various figures to determine the effect a planned price increase would have on profit. Word-processing software is used to write brochures. Graphics software is used to create visuals. Database software is used to store information.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. A
Data normalization. Normalization is the process of efficiently organizing data in a database. There are two goals of the normalization process: eliminating redundant data and ensuring that data is stored in ways that make sense. By eliminating redundant data, Jonas is performing data normalization. Digital analysis involves analyzing and interpreting data for patterns, consistencies, or discrepancies. Data filtering involves refining data sets so that they can be more easily understood. Information scanning is not a term typically used in the business world.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2018, August 26). Database normalization basics. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.lifewire.com/database-normalization-basics-1019735
75. B
Use a system. By committing to a workable structure for record keeping, Jackson will be following the good record-keeping tip of "use a system." He may or may not choose to use a computer, and he may or may not avoid hazards as he proceeds—although he should! Preventing natural disasters is outside of Jackson's control.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
76. B
Determining lessons learned. When you've completed your analysis, the next step is to determine and document the lessons you've learned from your project. Communicating with stakeholders comes after you have determined lessons learned. Figuring out what to evaluate is the first step of evaluating project success. Making adjustments or changes is the final step of evaluating project success.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
77. C
Used entirely new technology. There are many different types of projects and ways to categorize projects. One type is projects that use entirely new technology. Hybrid cars are an example of this because they required entirely new technology. Though the introduction of hybrid cars required new technology, it was not the project that created the technology itself. Hybrid cars are not an enhancement of an existing project. They also were not created using existing technology.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158—Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
78. D
Leadership. One of the most important skills for a project manager to possess is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. One of the main roles of a project manager is to lead the group to achieve the project's goal. Members follow an effective leader because the leader motivates them and includes them in making decisions. Education is not a skill. Integrity is a personal quality rather than a skill. Strength is a physical attribute.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 16-18]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
79. A
Industrial purchasing. Industrial purchasing is the process of buying goods and services for internal consumption in the business or conversion into a final product. Purchasing for resale is the process of purchasing goods in large quantities and reselling them in smaller quantities. Wholesaling is purchasing goods from manufacturers and reselling them to other businesses. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
80. C
Turn out the most products at the least cost. Producing efficiently enables businesses to be competitive by keeping their prices at or below those of competitors. This is likely to promote sales. Many businesses try to obtain advance orders for goods and services to make their production as efficient as possible. An accurate sales forecast helps in planning efficient production, not the reverse.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
81. D
Define the gaps between customer satisfaction and the company's capabilities. Before any measures can be taken or improvements made, a company needs to find out what its customers want and if it is meeting those wants and needs. Once the gaps between what customers want and what the company is delivering are identified, the company can determine how it will measure improvement. Data are then collected and reviewed. After that, improvements are made and continually monitored.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: McKay, S. (2017, April 25). Quality improvement approaches: Six Sigma. Retrieved Octoner 22, 2018, from https://www.carnegiefoundation.org/blog/quality-improvement-approachessix-sigma/
82. B
State and check assumptions. By thinking that Patrick wouldn't want to help him because they belong to different crowds, Rob is making an assumption. He doesn't really know if it's true or not, because he hasn't asked Patrick for help. So far, Rob hasn't collected any information, selected a solution, or evaluated the solution.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
83. C
Self-understanding. There are professionally prepared tests that have been created to help people develop self-understanding. These tests are often available through the school system. One of the tests, an Activities Preference Inventory, will identify your areas of greatest interest. Physical image is the personal appearance that you present to others. Self-discipline is training yourself to act in ways that will further your development. Personal philosophy is the combination of principles, attitudes, or beliefs held by individuals.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2017, September 10). How to use self assessment tools to help you choose a career. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/selfassessment-tools-choose-a-career-526172
84. B
Operations management. Operations management is an important aspect of running a business. Examples of activities in operations management include quality control, scheduling, procurement, and warehousing. Operations-management employees might be responsible for eliminating unnecessary processes and reducing wasted materials. Examples of job titles for positions in operations management include quality manager, supply-chain manager, procurement analyst, master scheduler, and chief operations officer. Employees who work in the area of business information technology help align the business and its information technology goals. Employees working in securities and investments handle various aspects of the business's financial matters. If employees work in marketing research, their primary responsibilities involve obtaining and analyzing information about customers' needs and wants.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
85. D
Pass a licensing exam. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, beginning securities sales agents, commonly called brokers, are required to pass a licensing exam to sell securities. They are not required to work with a mentor. They are required to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission only when they do a certain high volume of business. Typically, they do not settle for below-average salaries in exchange for short work weeks. The opposite is true—they can earn high salaries but often have to accommodate their clients' schedules by working nights and weekends.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
86. C
Increased risk of scandal. Corporate governance helps organizations avoid scandal by providing a framework for ethical behavior and allowing an organization to police itself. Insufficient corporate governance can lead to risk of scandal. It can also decrease accountability and make it difficult to know who is responsible for what. Insufficient corporate governance can also damage public image and make decision-making more difficult.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Klazema, A. (2014, May 14). The importance of corporate governance. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://blog.udemy.com/importance-of-corporate-governance/
87. D
Profit-sharing. Employees are key in the achievement of governance objectives. Businesses use many different tactics to encourage or motivate their workers to reach those objectives and goals. Profit-sharing is a good tactic to adopt if the company seeks to improve employee motivation by improving the distribution of wealth throughout the corporation. Cash incentives, team-building, and flexible scheduling may improve overall employee motivation, but they do not improve the distribution of wealth throughout the corporation.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, October 20). Proft-sharing plan. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/profitsharingplan.asp
88. B
An independent board of directors. An independent board of directors serves many important purposes within an organization, including providing an outside perspective on strategy, adding knowledge and skills that might not be available within the firm, and bringing an independent and objective view to a company. An independent board of directors is one of the most important characteristics of a wellgoverned company because it indicates corporate accountability. A culture of nontransparency, an authoritarian chief executive officer, and a nonnegotiable governance structure are all characteristics of a poorly governed company.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Dashew, L. (n.d.). Importance of independent directors. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://www.lesliedashew.com/_assets/pdf/articles/importance-of-independent-directors.pdf
89. D
A member of the board of directors is charged with fraud. An organization's board of directors is designed to hold the company accountable for its actions and steer the organization clear of ethical pitfalls. If a member of a company's board of directors is charged with fraud or another crime, the company would most likely take immediate action to replace that member. A major flood, the firing of an entry-level employee, or an unexpected grant from the government would not influence a company's corporate governance structure.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, April 22). Corporate governance. Retrieved November 12, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
90. B
Wesley bases his management decisions on the strategies outlined by governance processes. Governance provides a framework for decision-making and management. Managers such as Wesley must work within the guidelines and processes established by the governing body. The manager generally does not provide the board of directors with a framework for determining goals; rather, the board of directors or other governing body provides the framework to managers. Governance processes do not necessarily aim to place strict limits on managers. Also, management and governance are rarely separate; there is usually substantial overlap as managers assist with and serve on governing bodies.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: World Bank. (n.d.). Governance and management. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://siteresources.worldbank.org/EXTGLOREGPARPROG/Resources/grpp_sourcebook_c hap12.pdf
91. A
Expand members' professional knowledge. Professional organizations/associations are comprised of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. These groups disseminate information and uphold professional standards. The primary focus of most professional organizations is not to recruit new members or promote the field of marketing. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Increased profit is usually a trade association's primary goal.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Anderson, L.B. (2011, June 16). 5 reasons professional organizations are worth joining. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from http://college.monster.com/training/articles/2131-5reasons-professional-organizations-are-worth-joining
92. B
Networking. Networking is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development or advancement. Because the financial-services marketplace is very competitive, financial-services professionals and businesses need to communicate with other individuals and businesses to build clientele and promote their products. By participating in groups and speaking with other professionals, financial-services professionals can build new business relationships, obtain referrals, and acquire leads to increase clientele. Product development is the process of creating new goods and services. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique. Market segmentation is dividing a large market into small markets.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Randstand. (2017, January 23). The importance of networking in finance. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.randstad.co.uk/job-seeker/career-hub/archives/the-importanceof-networking-in-finance_1112/
93. B
Consistent communication. Networking helps finance professionals build relationships with others who work in the same or related fields. These contacts often lead to new job opportunities and client referrals. Joining college alumni groups, social and civic organizations, and professional associations are common ways to network with others. The key to building long-term relationships with others is engaging in consistent, ongoing communication—getting to know the other person. By doing so, finance professionals build rapport with others and earn their trust. Formal contracts and a detached or indifferent attitude will not foster positive relationships. To join, many trade organizations require their members to work in the trade or industry.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/building-business-relationships/?gmSsoPc=1
94. D
Using production equipment without appropriate safety gear. A company's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. A company expects its employees to follow safety precautions to protect themselves, their coworkers, and their customers. If an employee violates safety procedures, the company is likely to reprimand or discipline the employee. A reprimand involves a verbal warning, usually for a first offense. If the inappropriate behavior continues, more severe disciplinary actions may involve counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. Requesting time off for a doctor's appointment, completing one task before another task, and asking a coworker to take a message are not actions that warrant disciplinary action.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Brunot, T. (2017, September 26). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/about-6559640-importance-code-conduct.html
95. A
A company executive provides a tax auditor with incomplete information. If an employee deliberately withholds or provides incomplete information from an auditor, s/he is acting in an unethical manner. Using software to detect inconsistent data, researching compliance issues, and reviewing information accuracy are ethical actions.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
96. D
Conducting backup procedures. Backup procedures involve duplicating computer entries, records, and transactions on a regular basis and storing the duplicate files in a different location. By having backup files, the business can retrieve information that might be lost due to a computer crash, a power outage, or a fire. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. An authorization process is a way to limit the access to certain information. Using encryption techniques, implementing an authorization process, and monitoring data-transmission rates are not ways in which a business can protect its computer data from loss due to fire or power outages.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2018, April 28). Successful business data backup. Retrieved October 22, 2018, https://www.thebalancesmb.com/data-backup-is-the-best-data-protection-2947129
97. A
Digital dashboard. Dashboard technology updates data in real time and enables the business to assess its financial performance at any time. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on a website in a logical format so that Internet users can find what they are looking for. A data-flow diagram is a twodimensional graphic that depicts how data are transferred and processed through a system or network. Clickstream is the process of recording a computer user's Internet browsing activity by tracking the user's clicks.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Klipfolio. (n.d.) What is a digital dashboard? Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.klipfolio.com/resources/articles/what-is-digital-dashboard
98. B
Conduct background checks on job applicants. Because hiring and training employees is an expense for businesses, they should ensure that the applicants' previous work experiences do not present business risks for them. Because applicants are unlikely to discuss unfavorable past work experiences during an interview, businesses need to take action to verify the information on their employment applications. Employers should confirm the applicants' previous employment, verify their references, and conduct background checks on applicants if needed. CopyIt may have reduced its liability by checking the drivers' previous driving records and employment history before extending job offers to them. There is not enough information provided to determine if the accidents involve substance abuse, so mandating monthly drug testing for all employees may not prevent future driving accidents. Requiring current drivers to take a driving exam every six months will not prevent the business from hiring unsafe drivers.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 252-253]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
99. B
PIN debits. In addition to account numbers, customers must also provide their PIN number to process online payments. This adds an additional layer of protection for online transactions. Malware is malicious software used to illegally obtain account and personal information provided for online transactions. E-invoicing is electronic billing. PEPPOL is an initiative that aims to provide standardized processes for businesses to bid on government contracts.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Pritchard, J, (2018, April 27). Personal identification number (PIN) security tips. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/pin-number-definition-and-explanation315344
100. B
Develop a way to encrypt and store customers' bank information in the company database for future use. By encrypting the information, the company can eliminate some of the risk of storing customers' banking information while making the payment process easier, leading to less lost revenue and more satisfied customers. Letters explaining the policy may help customers understand the need for security, but they do nothing to help with the loss of revenue or to satisfy customers. Eliminating the pay-by-phone option would upset the customers who pay in that manner, and requiring payments by mail would probably lead to more lost revenue. Asking customers to set up automatic payments doesn't mean they will, and it doesn't address what they want—an easy way to pay by phone; it would not eliminate the need to store the banking information.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kaplan, R., & Mikes. A. (2012, June). Managing risks: A new framework. Retrieved October 22, 2018, from https://hbr.org/2012/06/managing-risks-a-new-framework
Test 1208
Finance Cluster Exam
1. A
Something of value must be exchanged. A legally binding contract must meet two requirements: something of value must be exchanged, and both parties must be in agreement with the terms of the contract. The contract does not necessarily have to be in writing or signed, but it is much easier to enforce if it is. Finally, a contract does not necessarily have to include a stated expiration date.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Laurence, B. (2019). Contracts 101: Make a legally valid contract. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/contracts-101-make-legally-valid-30247.html
2. C
Ensure that it is following government regulations. Government regulations affect the way that businesses record and report financial data. To ensure that the business is following all of the regulations, it should conduct a compliance audit. Because a comprehensive compliance audit can detect discrepancies, it can help a business determine what it needs to do to correct a problem, so it can comply with regulations. It is unethical and often illegal to manipulate financial data in ways that aim to mislead the audience. Developing efficient production processes and evaluating vendors' performance are not reasons for conducting a compliance audit.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Lohrey, J. (2019). Compliance audit objectives. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/compliance-audit-objectives-78248.html
3. D
Increased efficiency. Technology can help make the compliance process more efficient because it allows information to be utilized and processed much faster. It does not necessarily decrease costs. Transitioning from an old system is not necessarily easy, but it is, in many cases, worth the difficulties. Using technology in compliance can decrease fraud with the presence of fraud detection software.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Roberts, G. (2016, June 28). Fintech spawns regtech to automate compliance with regulations. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.bloomberg.com/enterprise/blog/fintech-spawns-regtech-automate-complianceregulations/
4. C
Fiduciary. A financial agent is someone who acts on the behalf of another party. The agent often negotiates contracts and handles legal issues for another person with that person's consent. The agent who shows that s/he is loyal, trustworthy, and acting in the best interest of his/her client (principal) is fostering a fiduciary relationship. Authoritative relationships are based on a particular level of control. Principal is a legal term that describes the client. Legislative processes involve the procedures in which people or governments establish laws.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: The essentials (12th ed.) [p. 459]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
5. C
Phishing. Phishing is an online identity theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information such as bank or credit card numbers to a legitimate website. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures new investors by promising high rates of return with little to no risk. Accounting fraud occurs when a company or organization knowingly publishes incorrect information on its financial statements. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. By claiming to be a member of the group, the target audience is more likely to trust the scammer and turn over its money to him/her.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 89-90]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
6. A
Retirement funds and health-savings accounts. Tax shelters such as retirement funds and health-savings accounts are methods of minimizing taxable income. The government does not tax the income that an employee places in an employer-sponsored retirement program until the employee withdraws the money from his/her account. In other words, this portion of the employee's income is tax-deferred. Contributions to health-savings accounts are tax deductible. Individuals place money in health-savings accounts to help cover health insurance deductibles. Other tax shelters include real estate, pension plans, and municipal bonds. Stock, capital gains, and earned income are taxable.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Barrymore, J. (2019). How tax shelters work. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/personal-income-taxes/tax-shelters1.htm
7. A
May not be remembered accurately. Listeners generally retain only about 25% of what they hear, and they frequently don't remember it accurately. It is, therefore, important to choose words used in oral communication carefully and to try to make sure that listeners receive the intended message. Oral communication is used for all kinds of messages, not just those that are urgent. Oral communication is considered less formal than written communication, but that is not the reason that it should be used with care.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lauren, D. (2017, September 26). The disadvantages of verbal communication. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7192558-disadvantages-verbalcommunication.html
8. D
Was nervous or trying to recall information. It is very common for individuals to look away when trying to recall information or if they feel nervous, especially during an interview. Looking away more frequently or for a longer period of time is more likely to indicate that the person is lying, lacks confidence, or is not interested.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Mindtools. (1996-2019). Body language: Understanding non-verbal communication. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/Body_Language.htm
9. B
Present facts that support your point of view. Because others may have questions or concerns about your idea, you should be prepared to defend those ideas by providing supporting information. By having facts to support your idea, others are more likely to accept your idea and put it into action. Telling another person that his/her opinion is illogical and refuting everything the other person says are not actions that help you objectively and respectfully defend your idea. In fact, these actions may offend the other person. Using dramatic gestures may indicate your enthusiasm about your idea but does not demonstrate why your idea is good and should be implemented.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Henry, A. (2013, October 30). How to find evidence to support any argument. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://lifehacker.com/how-to-find-evidence-to-support-any-argument1454627815
10. A
Nonverbal communication. The facial expressions and gestures described represent nonverbal communication. Eye contact refers to looking at members of the audience. While Min's performance may be comical, comedy does not refer to a speaking technique. Min is using facial expressions in addition to hand gestures.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
11. B
Timeline. A timeline is a graphic depiction of events that happen within a period of time and are arranged in chronological order. Many software programs provide attractive templates that enable you to illustrate events on a timeline. A pie chart shows the parts of a whole. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data. A bar chart compares two or more variables in a graphical format.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Mindjet. (2019). What is a timeline chart? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.mindjet.com/features/timeline-chart/
12. B
Describe the benefits to the audience. The primary goal of a persuasive message is to influence behavior. Influencing others involves communicating benefits of taking action. The readers are more likely to respond favorably to the message if they know how the action will impact or help them. Communicating benefits is a central element to all types of persuasive messages. The beginning of the message should catch the readers' attention and encourage them to read more. Depending on the type of message, this might involve a quote. The message should be concise, so it should not contain unimportant information. The message should be written to communicate the business's goals rather than personal ones.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Williams, E. (2018, October 19). Effective persuasive communication. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/effective-persuasive-communication-56248.html
13. C
Persuasive. An executive summary should be convincing and successful in achieving its purpose. It should not be lengthy. Because the executive summary is often the only piece of a document that is read, it should be concise, containing the most important details. An executive summary should not be full of technical detail because it should be accessible and easily understood by a wide audience. Finally, executive summaries should not use passive voice; they should use active voice whenever possible.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Markowitz, E. (2010). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.inc.com/guides/2010/09/how-to-write-an-executive-summary.html
14. B
Customer loyalty. Customer relationship management increases sales and profits by increasing customer loyalty. Over the long term, focusing on customers and establishing relationships with them increases a business's sales and profit. CRM does not increase prices, product quality, or competition.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
15. D
Smartphones. Smartphones are quickly becoming a critical business tool for customer relationship management. The devices not only include cellular telephone capabilities, but also a variety of computer applications, including Internet access. Businesspeople can call customers from remote locations, check email, verify inventory levels, and place orders from smartphones. In many situations, smartphones reduce the need to carry laptops and tablet computers because many of the applications that salespeople need to conduct business are on these devices. Businesses can also send promotional messages to their customers' smartphones. Autoresponder applications provide email recipients the ability to send automatic messages back to the message sender (e.g., out-of-office announcements). Data banks and fax machines are not forms of mobile-application technology.
SOURCE: CR:018
SOURCE: Kooser, A. (2019). Mobile technology for business. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/mobile-technology-business-2187.html
16. B
Keeping client information confidential. Noah has an ethical responsibility to keep client information confidential. His clients will not be able to trust him or build a relationship with him if he doesn't keep their information private. Noah should attempt to build long-term relationships with his clients, but this does not necessarily mean being friends with them. He should give clients objective information. It is important for him to respond to clients' requests promptly, not on his own timeline.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards. (2019). Code of ethics and professional responsibility. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.cfp.net/for-cfpprofessionals/professional-standards-enforcement/standards-of-professional-conduct/codeof-ethics-professional-responsibility
17. A
Develop personalized messages. CRM software helps businesses identify a customer's specific interests and preferences, so it can develop promotional messages or send product updates based on his/her specific wants or needs. For example, a financial planner may send a client an email update every quarter about a specific mutual fund in which the client has invested. Businesses do not use CRM software to update the business's income statement, scan the environment for inconsistencies, or verify accounting procedures.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Hargrave, M. (2019, April 23). Customer relationship management - CRM. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/customer_relation_management.asp
18. B
Customer needs are affected by these factors as well. Businesses are affected by social factors in the external environment because customer needs are affected by these factors as well. Meeting customer needs is the prime goal of every organization. Not all businesses create consumer products. Businesses need not participate in social networking for survival, though it may help with promotion. Customers' needs are always changing, but they still value quality.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105 What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
19. A
Regulating workplace conditions. Governments pass and enforce laws to protect consumers, businesses, and other resources. Many of these laws address business practices. When the government requires businesses to pay their employees a minimum hourly wage, it is regulating workplace conditions. Minimum wage laws protect workers because they are legally guaranteed a living wage, which is a minimal amount of money needed to meet basic survival needs. To protect the business's property, including its products and ideas, the government issues trademarks, patents, and copyrights. The government passes and enforces environmental laws to protect and conserve our natural resources such as water, air, botanical life, and wildlife from the potentially unhealthy and unsafe outcomes of production processes. Government provides public welfare programs to assist people who are unable to provide for themselves.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. B
Gasoline and cigarettes. An excise tax is often referred to as a "sin tax," and it is levied on nonessential products such as gasoline, cigarettes, alcohol, and luxury cars. An estate tax is a tax on inherited items. Jurisdictions levy property taxes on land and buildings, such as apartment buildings and single-family homes. Milk and cheese are usually not taxed, but may incur a sales tax in some jurisdictions.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, August 4). Excise tax. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/excisetax.asp
21. C
Quality of work life. The general conditions in which employees work, including fair salaries and wages, competitive benefits, and safe and healthful working conditions, are all part of the quality of work life. Standard of living is the general conditions in which people live, not where they work, specifically. Competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors. Division of labor involves breaking a large job into smaller tasks that are assigned to different people.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
22. D
Job obsolescence. Job obsolescence occurs when a job becomes outdated due to advances in technology. Increased boredom on the job often occurs when employees are required to perform a repetitive task with limited job scope or depth. Repetition or not being able to see the finished product often leads to decreased pride in work. Interdependency occurs when employees must rely on one another to complete a larger task.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: LAP-EC-007 Divide and Conquer (Specialization and Division of Labor)
23. C
Hopes they will become trading partners. Trading partners are nations that sell their goods and services to each other. There are many emerging nations that lack the skilled workers, advanced technology, and capital resources needed in order to become strong nations. The United States has the ability to help these countries in many different ways, and it does so in the hopes that they will eventually become trading partners. Because the United States is already an important world power, it is expected to provide all kinds of assistance to less-fortunate countries; but that is not the basic reason it offers aid.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: McEachern, W.A. (2018). Contemporary economics (4th ed.) [Lesson 21.2.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
24. A
Pegged. In a pegged currency system, the nation's currency value is fixed to the value of something else, usually another country's currency. A government may peg its currency to another country's currency as a way to stabilize it and to make trade between the two countries simpler and smoother. Small or emerging economies often use a pegged currency system. In a free-floating currency system, the currency exchange rate is determined by the unimpeded interaction of supply and demand in the foreign exchange market with no government intervention. Speculative and decentralized are not types of currency systems.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100 Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
25. A
Valuable. Individuals with a high self-concept typically believe that they can make significant contributions in their endeavors. You may see yourself as aggressive or witty on such occasions, but not necessarily. Feeling unimportant is indicative of low self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Cherry, K. (2019, July 25). What is self-concept and how does it form? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.verywell.com/what-is-self-concept-2795865
26. D
Strong customer loyalty. Honesty and integrity help build a base of loyal customers who count on your company. No one wants to work with someone they can't trust or rely upon. Having loyal customers will make your business successful and encourage repeat purchases, as is the case with Francesca and her new car. This instance does not demonstrate strong relationships between coworkers, Francesca's personal ethics, or a stable work environment.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138 Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
27. C
Estimate the time that it takes them to perform their tasks. When businesspeople estimate the time that it takes to perform their tasks, it helps them plan, prioritize, and manage their workloads effectively. Planning their work helps businesspeople avoid scheduling activities too close together, which can affect the quality of their work. For example, if it takes a businessperson one hour to prepare a status report that is due at 4:00 p.m., s/he should not start the report at 3:30 p.m. Because coworkers have their own work commitments, they only should help in emergencies with management's approval. Pleasant tasks are not always priorities for businesspeople. Taking shortcuts and performing work too quickly often result in errors and low-quality work.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2015-2019). A brief guide to time management. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/careers/soft-skills/timemanagement-list-tips/
28. A
Lets you know what is expected of you. No one likes to get negative feedback, but it is valuable because it lets you know what you are doing wrong and what is expected of you. While negative feedback may not make you feel good about yourself at the moment, you must keep in mind that a certain amount of criticism on the job is absolutely necessary. There is no way people can avoid making mistakes from time to time.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. A
Effective communication is a two-way process. Communication requires both a sender and a receiver to work. Both the sender and the receiver are responsible for facilitating effective communication. There are many barriers to effective communication, including spelling and grammar mistakes, poor listening skills, inappropriate nonverbal cues, and stereotypes and generalizations. People often make mistakes when they are communicating that create barriers to effective communication.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140 More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
30. A
Interpersonal conflict. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Burnout is a type of exhaustion that results from too much stress, which is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Many things can cause stress and burnout in the workplace including inadequate compensation (pay), unrealistic deadlines, little control over work assignments, and interpersonal conflict. Interpersonal conflict can occur from a variety of circumstances in the workplace.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W., Philips, J.M., & Gully, S.M. (2020). Organizational behavior: Managing people and organizations (13th ed.) [p. 309]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
31. B
Ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern people's behavior. They guide our actions and lead us to better decision-making. Persistence is the ability to continue working at a task or idea until the desired outcome is achieved. Altruism is the principle of concern for others' welfare. Credibility is believability. Persistence, altruism, and credibility cannot necessarily guide you when making a difficult decision.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131 Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
32. B
Jose encourages his employees to use and develop their talents. Inspirational leaders inspire others to work toward their goals and achieve their maximum potential. Setting high goals for team members to work toward may help improve performance but does not provide inspiration. The ability to work independently is a trait of good leaders but does not actively inspire others to achieve. Giving specific instructions on how to perform work provides direction and leadership, not inspiration.
SOURCE: EI:133
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133 A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
33. D
Able to be summed up concisely. Because they are clear and describable, excellent visions are able to be summed up concisely. This makes them easy to relate to anyone, inside or outside the team or organization. Good visions are long term, but this does not relate to their being clear and describable. Good visions are also inspiring to employees and are more general than specific.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
34. D
Physical abilities and health. Jeremy and his coworker differ in physical abilities and health. They may or may not differ in gender (male or female), age (the number of years lived), ethnicity (cultural background), or education (amount of learning acquired).
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036 Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
35. C
Treating two people differently in the same situation. Determining the needs of others sometimes includes treating two people differently in the same situation. For example, you'd talk to your five-year-old sibling in a different way than you'd talk to your 15-year-old sibling. Determining the needs of others does not usually include creating knowledge gaps, making a written list of potential outcomes, or putting yourself first.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137 Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
36. D
Meet a need or a want. During the discovery process, an entrepreneur needs to ensure that the business idea meets an actual need or want of consumers to ensure success. Entrepreneurs do not predict whether a business venture will generate large profits or create loyal customers during the discovery process. Since all business ventures require financial risk, no discovery is needed.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C., Gassen, C.G., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 667-668]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
37. B
Medium of exchange. When money is used as a medium of exchange, it is exchanged for goods and services. When money is used as a store of value, the money's value is transferred to the future (i.e., people save their money and then spend it later). This is not an example of a loan. Bartering occurs when there is an exchange without money.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2019). Medium of exchange. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=medium+of+exchange
38. D
Car payment. Developing a personal budget helps individuals manage their income and expenses. An important consideration in budgeting involves identifying fixed expenses, which are the expenses (cash outflows) that do not fluctuate or change from month to month. Car payments, insurance, and rent are examples of fixed expenses. Groceries, home repairs, and clothing are variable expenses, or expenses that may fluctuate slightly from month to month.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 165]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
39. C
Using credit poorly. It is important to use credit wisely to avoid potential late fees, interest charges, and credit score decreases that can make it difficult to qualify for loans. These are all possible results of using credit poorly. They are not results of dropping out of school or going to college. Paying your credit card bills would prevent late fees, interest charges, and credit score decreases not cause them.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Hands on Banking. (2019). The benefits—and risks—of credit. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://www.handsonbanking.org/financial-education/adults/the-benefits-and-risks-ofcredit/
40. B
How risky it is to provide the financial institution with funds. Reputable credit rating agencies use a variety of criteria to rate the creditworthiness of financial institutions. The credit rating that a credit agency gives to a financial institution lets savers and investors know how safe or risky it is to provide funds to the institution. Credit ratings do not indicate the return rate for specific mutual funds, the specific amount of funds that banks lend to other institutions, or when a financial institution expects to see a return on investment.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Edmondson, B. (2019, February 6). What is a bank credit rating? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-bank-credit-rating-4586357
41. C
Energy, metals, and grains. Commodities are raw, primary products commonly categorized as energy, metals, and agricultural products, which are often further divided into grains, livestock, and softs. Energy commodities include different types of fuel, including natural gas, crude oil, heating oil, etc. Metals commodities include precious and industrial metals such as gold, silver, and copper. Grains are probably the most popular of the commodities and include corn, soybeans, wheat, etc. Livestock include cattle and hogs, while softs are food and fiber commodities such as cocoa, cotton, orange juice, etc. Consumer goods (tangible items produced for personal use) are finished goods, not raw, primary products; therefore, they are not referred to as commodities.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Kowalski, C. (2019, February 4). The commodities you can trade on U.S. exchanges. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-commodities-can-youtrade-809384
42. C
A Dollars R Us Bank employee sells an auto-insurance policy to a customer. The trends of convergence and consolidation in the finance industry have led to a "one-stop shopping" environment for consumers. Bancassurance is the sale of insurance products by a retail business/bank. Because the Dollars R US Bank sells an auto-insurance policy to a bank customer, it is an example of bancassurance. Certificates of deposit are a type of bank product. Assurfinance or assurbanque occurs when an insurance company sells banking products.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Banton, C. (2019, June 25). Bancassurance. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bancassurance.asp
43. A
Health care. Health care, food, drink, and tobacco are generally considered to be noncyclical industries, meaning that they are not greatly impacted by changes in the business cycle. The demand for such products and their stocks remains fairly steady regardless of the stage of the business cycle. Stocks in industry sectors such as energy, technology, and capital goods, on the other hand, often change in response to changes in the business cycle. The energy sector is affected by supply and demand of energy around the world, and political unrest can impact the industry considerably. Energy stocks seem to perform best late in the business cycle. Technology stocks are also affected by the business cycle, often in direct relation to the demand for capital goods. Technology stocks and capital goods stocks do well during business cycle expansion.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2019, May 23). A beginner's guide to economic indicators. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.thoughtco.com/beginners-guide-to-economic-indicators-1145901
44. C
Reporting requirements vary greatly by country. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders, including the integration of financial markets. A disadvantage or risk associated with financial globalization is that each country has different financial reporting requirements, which often make it difficult to obtain and disseminate needed information. Advantages to financial globalization include more options for investors, lower transaction costs, and more liquid financial markets due to increased capital.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Parker, A. & Hartfield, C. (2016, July 26). The globalization of accounting and auditing standards. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://blogs.thomsonreuters.com/answerson/globalization-accounting-auditing-standardsifrs/
45. C
Financial statements. Publicly-traded companies are required by law to provide financial statements to their shareholders every 90 days. Company report cards and yearly newsletters are not typical items that they are required to provide. Stock research is usually something that external sources provide to stockholders.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2013, October 1). The laws that govern the securities industry. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.sec.gov/answers/aboutlawsshtml.html#secact1933
46. B
6.4. Newspapers and websites publish stock tables so that investors and potential investors can monitor the performance of a company's stock. One column of the table shows the stock's yield percentage (also, rate of return and dividend yield), which is the annual dividend divided by the current stock price. Therefore, Kelly's stock yield is 6.4% ($1.80 / $28.20 = .0638 or 6.4%).
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Little, K. (2018, December 31). Understanding dividend yield. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/understanding-dividend-yield-3140782
47. D
Life insurance. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Many individuals purchase life insurance policies to ensure that their loved ones receive financial support in the event of death. Life insurance is a wise purchase for an individual whose loved ones (e.g., spouse, children, parents, etc.) would suffer financially without the deceased's income. Disability insurance provides financial support in the event that you cannot work due to an injury or illness. Health insurance helps cover the cost of medical expenses. Renter's insurance protects you from loss in the event that your personal property is damaged or lost while living in a rented apartment or house.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, April 2). Life insurance. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/lifeinsurance.asp
48. B
A record of your monthly income. If you are trying to create a personal budget, you will need a record of your monthly income to know how much you can afford to spend. Your employer's assets and liabilities, as well as your best friend's cell phone bill, are irrelevant. A sample budget may be helpful, but it is not financial information.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
49. D
Objective. Accountants prepare the accounting information that businesses use to make financial decisions. Therefore, it is important for accountants to uphold the ethical standards of their profession by providing accurate, objective (unbiased) financial information. A person who uses unique processes or creativity to achieve a goal is being resourceful. Accountants need to follow the GAAP to perform their jobs rather than use unique processes. An intolerant person is prejudiced. An unconventional person is often viewed as unusual or eccentric.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: Vitez, O. (February 12, 2019). Ethics in the accounting profession. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/ethics-accounting-profession-3738.html
50. C
Rent, utilities, and supplies. Cash outflows refer to the monies that go out of the business the business's expenses. Rent, utilities, supplies, and payroll are examples of business expenses. Loans, earned interest, sales, and the sale of assets are ways to bring money into the business these are examples of cash inflows.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091 Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
51. A
Investors. A statement of changes in equity provides information about shareholders' ownership and how it has changed during a period of time. Therefore, investors of an organization would be interested to know how their accounts have changed over time. Customers, competitors, and employees would be less interested in changes in equity because they do not necessarily hold equity in the company.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Jan, O. (2014, September 30). Statement of changes in shareholders equity. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://xplaind.com/969555/changes-in-shareholders-equity
52. C
Direct cost. The initial purchase price of a software package would be considered a direct cost because it is directly associated with the cost object (the software package). An indirect cost refers to costs that are not directly accountable to a cost object, such as personnel and security costs. A sunk cost refers to a cost that has already been incurred and cannot be recovered, so it is not typically considered when deciding between two new choices. An opportunity cost refers to a benefit an organization could have received but gave up to take a different course of action.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Crossen, S.V., & Needles, B.A. (2014). Managerial accounting (10th ed.) [pp. 332-334]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. C
A marginal revenue equal to or greater than marginal cost. Marginal analysis, which involves determining whether the marginal revenue of a business activity will be equal to or greater than marginal cost or expense, is used to identify profitable options for an organization. If marginal cost is greater than marginal revenue, the activity is not likely to be profitable and should not be pursued. Net revenue cannot be determined until all transactions are measured and accounted for, so it cannot be used to analyze future business activities.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Ross, S. (2018, September 1). How is marginal analysis used in making a managerial decision? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042315/how-marginal-analysis-used-makingmanagerial-decision.asp
54. C
Carter determined that storage costs exceeded the budgeted amount. Variance analysis helps managerial accountants see the difference between actual costs and standard costs. They can then isolate the areas where costs are causing problems and adjust accordingly. Carter can use variance analysis to determine that a certain cost, such as storage, is causing the organization to go over its budget. Figuring out which product line would be most profitable, making pricing suggestions, and informing a manager about the amount of money left for travel are all tasks of managerial accountants, but not necessarily related to variance analysis.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2018, December 21). Variance analysis. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
55. A
Financial control tool. When a business uses its budget to monitor spending activities, it can help ensure that an activity or department does not exceed the planned budget. A performance evaluation would need to consider more than spending to determine if a business activity is successful or not. A business plan is a broad overview of a business's future plans and includes more than budgetary information. A budget used as an operating plan is used to plan spending and forecast profits so managers can successfully carry out a company's business objectives.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Boyd, K. (2018). Cost accounting: Budgeting basics. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.dummies.com/business/accounting/cost-accounting-budgeting-basics/
56. D
Managerial. Managerial accounting reports financial and nonfinancial information that helps managers make decisions to fulfill a company's goals and objectives. It is especially helpful when different decision makers require different financial information. Financial accounting reports business transactions and provides financial information to external parties. Quality management involves overseeing business activities, tasks, and products to ensure excellence and conformance to standards. Quality management is not focused on sales transactions. Cost accounting refers to the recording of all costs related to production and operation and is not focused on sales data.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Datar, S.M., & Rajan, M.V. (2014). Managerial accounting: Making decisions and motivating performance (pp. 2-6). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
57. D
Allocation. Cost allocation is the assignment of costs to cost objects, such as a project, a department, a customer, etc. The company in this example allocates the cost of its new software system to two departments. This is not considered cost accumulation, dividing, or precision.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2019). What is cost allocation? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-cost-allocation
58. A
$7,347. To calculate the future value of money, first add 1 to the interest rate expressed as a decimal (1 + 0.08 = 1.08). Then, raise that sum to the power of the number of periods; in other words, multiply that sum by itself 5 times (1.08 X 1.08 X 1.08 X 1.08 X 1.08 = 1.46933). Finally, multiply the product by the original investment (1.46933 X $5,000 = $7,346.65). Rounded up, the final value is $7,347.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Heyford, S.C. (2019, June 25). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
59. B
Its financial well-being at any given time. A business needs current, relevant, and accurate financial information so it can effectively monitor its financial status and make appropriate financial decisions. If a company makes a decision based on outdated or inaccurate information, the company could lose money or other assets. A business should also review its productivity rates, depreciation rates, and vendor performance; however, the business must evaluate other factors in addition to relevant financial information.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., Reeve, J.M., & Duchac, J. (2018). Accounting (27th ed.) [Lesson 5-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
60. B
Audit trails. Although unethical individuals might erase certain accounts or transactions from their financial-information management system, a record of their erasures would appear in system audit trails. What-if planning involves identifying and considering options for financial decision-making by applying different assumptions to financial data within spreadsheet software. Long-term liabilities are debts that will take longer than a year to pay. A direct check is a method of checking goods in which the goods received are checked directly against the purchase order or the invoice.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Bossart, M. (2015, March 2). What is an audit trail? Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/accounting/training/blog/what-is-an-audit-trail/
61. A
Share information. Financial information must be available to the people who need it, when they need it. Often, several employees need to be able to access the financial data at the same time. Businesses that organize and store their financial data in central databases and provide the ability for multiple, qualified users to access the data are supporting an environment of information sharing and collaboration. The primary purpose for storing and retrieving internal financial data is to monitor and evaluate internal business activities rather than monitor competitors' activities. Measures to secure the database reduce the risk of unauthorized access to the business's financial data. Businesses can often develop contracts without financial data that are retrieved from a database.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2019, May 17). Introduction to accounting information systems - AIS. Retrieved August 8, 2019, https://www.investopedia.com/articles/professionaleducation/11/accounting-informationsystems.asp
62. A
Respond quickly to changes in the business environment. The use of budgeting applications can provide decision makers with real-time data on an ongoing basis so that they can make changes in response to what is impacting the business. To be effective, decision makers cannot wait a year to make budget revisions when changes occur. One of the goals of budgeting applications is to break down departmental silos by sharing information among departments. Use of real-time data does not automatically create a need to increase the amount budgeted to line items. The availability of real-time data enables a business to be flexible so that it can respond appropriately to changes.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Walther, L. (2019). Leveraging the power of modern information systems. Retrieved August 8, 2019, from https://www.principlesofaccounting.com/chapter-23/information-systems/
63. B
Benchmarking. Many financial-analysis software applications can provide users with benchmarking information that compares a company's financial performance with other specific companies in its industry and/or with industry standards. Other financial-analysis software features include ratio analysis, DuPont modeling, and forecasting. Financial ratios are comparisons of different numbers from a business's financial statement. Most financial-analysis software calculates the different financial ratios automatically and then evaluates those ratios to determine company strengths and weaknesses for the user. DuPont modeling helps the user examine the impact of each financial ratio on return on equity. Forecasting features are often used to make predictions, develop budgets, and experiment with "what-if" scenarios.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Jackson, A. (2014, June 13). Ratio analysis and industry benchmarking reveal hidden messages in your financial statements. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/x/320334/Audit/Ratio+Analysis+and+Industry+Benchm arking+Reveal+Hidden+Messages+in+Your+Financial+Statements
64. C
Waste, quality. Businesses are constantly looking for ways to use their resources more efficiently. Two popular methods of achieving this goal are lean operations (manufacturing) and Six Sigma. The leanoperations method involves eliminating waste (the ineffective use of resources) to improve efficiency. According to the lean-operations philosophy, when efficiency increases, the business will have fewer errors, which leads to higher profits. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that involves continuously setting higher goals of perfection. The Six Sigma framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals, which continuously improves the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The ultimate goal is to maximize outputs, have no process or product defects, and minimize production costs. Therefore, an important aspect of the Six Sigma philosophy is to continuously lower costs while improving quality. Lean operations do not focus on reducing wages, automation, or standards. Six Sigma does not focus on improving waste.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Villanova University. (2018). What are the differences between six sigma, lean and lean six sigma? Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.villanovau.com/resources/sixsigma/differences-between-six-sigma-lean-and-lean-six-sigma/#.XBFq5mhKiM8
65. A
Income, debt ratio, and credit rating. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a business considers several factors before it extends credit to its customers. Data such as the customer's income, debt ratio, and credit rating indicate to the business if the customer is a good credit risk or not. The customer's objectives and educational level are not primary considerations.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dahl, D. (2010). How to assess the credit risk of your customers. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.inc.com/guides/2010/11/how-to-assess-the-credit-risk-of-yourcustomers.html
66. B
Exit. Exit interviews aim to gauge employee attitudes about a company, gain constructive suggestions for improvement, and gather further understanding about employee turnover. Onboarding activities are done shortly after the employee is hired and include employee orientation. Recruiting is the part of staffing that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
67. B
Spending more than normally would on a necklace because it's a gift. Spending more than normally would on an item because it's a gift is an example of situational influence on buying behavior. Sometimes, certain situations can override other influences such as culture or psychology. Choosing a certain make and model of car because it's what your dad has is an example of a social (family) influence on buying behavior. Buying kosher food is an example of a cultural (religious) influence on buying behavior. Preferring a different style of jeans because of your age is an example of a personal or individual influence on buying behavior.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014 Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
68. C
Bookmarking. The bookmarking computer tool allows users to save URL addresses on their computers. The bookmarking tool allows users to quickly return to favorite or frequently visited websites without reentering a specific URL address every time they want to access the websites. This is a beneficial tool for business people who need to do ongoing research, or for employees who need to access vendor and customer websites several times a day. The highlighting function allows computer users to highlight or mark text in a document or spreadsheet. Sorting allows users the ability to organize, classify, or categorize data in a specific format, such as an alphabetical or numerical sequence.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: wikiHow. (2019, June 21). How to bookmark a website. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.wikihow.com/Bookmark-a-Website
69. B
Comply with government regulations. Governments regulate the ways in which companies record, maintain, and store various types of business information. For example, in the United States, corporations must comply with the laws detailed in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These laws were put in place to increase transparency and reduce questionable recordkeeping practices related to business financial information. If companies do not comply with these rules, they may be subject to fines and other legal repercussions. Working remotely, prioritizing the information, and lessening the effects of information overload are not primary reasons why businesses are required to manage financial information in specific ways.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. C
Flag the message for follow-up. The follow-up function reminds the message recipient to follow up with the message at a later time. Some email programs such as Outlook provide color-coded flags so users can "flag" the message, so it stands out from other messages. When the follow-up is complete, the user can place a checkmark in the follow-up/flag field to remind him/her that s/he has completed the follow-up. The forward function allows the message recipient to send the message to another person. Sending the message to her supervisor will not help Claire remember to follow up with the client and her supervisor should not do Claire's work for her. Spam is junk mail. Putting the message in her spam folder and placing the client's contact information in the address book will not help Claire remember to send the requested information when it is available.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2019). Flag an item for follow up. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/flag-email-messages-for-follow-up-9d0f175f-f3e9406d-bbf7-9c57e1f781cc
71. C
Board of directors. The board of directors approves high-level corporate governance goals and policies. The chief executive officer and management team are responsible for recommending the goals and policies to be approved by the board. Select shareholders may be on the board of directors, but the shareholders as a whole do not approve goals and policies.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2019). Corporate governance - definition, scope and benefits. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
72. C
Improve data integrity. Data normalization is a process that improves data integrity by reducing data redundancy, removing anomalies, and making it easier to accommodate new types of data. The purpose of data normalization is not to increase data redundancy, delete conforming data, or remove new types of data.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Wambler, S. (2002-2019). Introduction to data normalization: A database "best" practice. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://agiledata.org/essays/dataNormalization.html
73. C
Use existing data to forecast what could happen in the future. Predictive analysis involves looking at historical data and analyzing them to predict what is most likely to occur in the future. Predictive data does not predict what could have happened if the past were different, hypothesize why the past happened the way that it did, or verify that the descriptive analysis was accurate and legitimate.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Bertolucci, J. (2013, December 31). Big data analytics: Descriptive vs. predictive vs. prescriptive. Retrieved August 9, 2019, rom http://www.informationweek.com/big-data/bigdata-analytics/big-data-analytics-descriptive-vs-predictive-vs-prescriptive/d/d-id/1113279
74. B
Society and culture. Changing attitudes about family roles is an example of a shift in society and culture. Businesses scan social factors so that they can continue to be sensitive to customer needs and wants. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population, such as age, gender, and race/ethnic origin. The economy is the system in which people make and spend their incomes. Changing cultural attitudes do not reflect a shift in the competition.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015 Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
75. B
7. Central tendency refers to a type of average. Mode is a measure of central tendency and is the number that appears most frequently in a group of numbers. A business might determine the mode so it can identify the most common responses for questions appearing on a customer survey. The business assigns a numerical value to each response option on the survey. For example, the response, "extremely satisfied with service," might have a value of nine. To determine the mode, count the number of times each value appears (3 appears 1 time; 5 appears 2 times; 9 appears 3 times; and 7 appears 4 times). The highest number of times a number appears is the mode (7).
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Before using the equipment for the first time. If Jackie's equipment comes with written instructions, he should read the instructions carefully prior to using any of the devices. By reading the instructions prior to use, he is more likely to operate the equipment properly and safely. And, if he operates the equipment properly and safely from the beginning, he is likely to save himself much time, energy, and trouble in the long run. He should not wait until the equipment malfunctions or until he hires an employee to read the instructions.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Lifetech Equipment Companies. (2015, June 25). Why you should read your operators manual. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.liftech.com/why-you-should-read-theoperators-manual/
77. D
An emergency plan. Comprehensive emergency plans contain policies and procedures for many types of situations that the business might experience. The plan might address issues such as evacuation plans for fire, bomb threats, and weather-related incidents. The emergency plan might include policies for handling injuries, illnesses, and robberies. The business needs to ensure that employees know what to do in these situations by providing ongoing training.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2016). Evacuation plans and procedures etool. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/etools/evacuation/expertsystem/default.htm
78. C
Encrypting computer files. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only specified individuals can read it. By encrypting confidential computer files, the business protects the information from unauthorized access by internal and external sources. For optimal protection from computer viruses, businesses should conduct computer virus scans continuously rather than once a year. Activities such as classifying information and developing Internet message boards do not protect the information from unauthorized users.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Gordon, W. (2019, May 4). How to scurely store and share sensitive files. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.popsci.com/store-share-sensitive-files/
79. B
Motivating them by reducing stress and building confidence. When you monitor your work and make the appropriate corrections, the project will run more smoothly as a whole. Therefore, team members will be less stressed and will feel capable of doing all that is expected of them. The team members will be more motivated. This example is not a way that team members build stronger relationships or learn from their mistakes. Monitoring projects and making corrections does not discourage team members from feeling accountable for the project.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520 Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
80. B
S/He can mobilize the necessary resources to get the project done. The project champion is a person who can mobilize the necessary resources to get the project done. S/He is usually a high-ranking person within the organization who sponsors the project but is not necessarily closely involved in the work of the project. S/He is instrumental in choosing a project manager but does not personally fulfill that role.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158 Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
81. C
Product design and development. The Taguchi quality-control method focuses on product design and development, rather than manufacturing processes. It does not focus on conformance to standards or reducing waste.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
82. C
Semi-fixed expense. Considered together, salaries and sales commissions are a semi-fixed (also known as semi-variable or mixed) expense. The expense is fixed until a certain point and then becomes variable. Salaries and sales commissions are not a capital expenditure a capital expenditure is a onetime purchase a business makes, such as land or equipment. Salaries and sales commissions do not relate directly to production, and they are not a tax of any kind.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009 Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
83. C
Damaged workplace environment. When information about employee relations is not kept confidential, negative consequences can occur. While disclosing information about a conflict is not illegal, it can be damaging to the workplace culture and environment. People will feel that they cannot trust management, and they will not feel unified or cooperative. Disclosing this type of confidential information will not necessarily lead to loss of clients, costly lawsuits, or claims of workplace discrimination.
SOURCE: OP:441
SOURCE: Jules Halpern Associates. (2010, October 15). Why is confidentiality important? Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.halpernadvisors.com/why-is-confidentiality-important/
84. D
It shows the kind of work you might like. Individuals completing an occupational interest inventory are asked whether they would like, dislike, or don't know about a wide variety of work activities. The results are tabulated and compared to occupations listed in the Guide for Occupational Exploration which lists a wide variety of occupations. The inventory, thus, helps you pinpoint occupations that would be of interest to you. The inventory is not a test but a survey of preferences. It cannot predict the possibilities of success. Intelligence quotient is determined by IQ tests.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2018, November 22). Interst inventory:what are your likes and dislikes? Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/interest-inventories526168
85. C
Optimism. Successful entrepreneurs possess an optimistic attitude. An optimistic person has a positive outlook on life, and looks for the opportunities to grow, even when s/he experiences challenges and setbacks. Organizational skills involve developing and executing processes or activities in a systematic way. Innovation is the process or ability to develop a new product, process, position, or paradigm. Determination is the drive or willpower to achieve a goal.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
86. C
Keep applications consistent with their résumés. Potential employees should keep all information consistent between their résumés and applications to show organization and trustworthiness. They shouldn't include specific salary requirements because this could get them turned down before an interview. Leaving questions blank shows disorganization and laziness. Potential employees should take their time filling out an application and proofread before submitting.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Hansen, R.S. (2019). A job-seeker's guide to successfully completing job applications. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.livecareer.com/resources/jobs/search/jobapplications
87. A
They can involve accepting deposits and lending funds. Although bank tellers are employees in banking services, there are many other banking professions. Although commercial banks are the largest institutions to deliver banking services, you can also find banking services careers at savings and loan associations, credit unions, local banks, insurance companies, and brokerage houses.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020 Career Opportunities in Finance
88. C
Improved access to capital. Corporate governance includes the structures and processes that direct and control companies. Evidence indicates that well-governed companies receive higher market valuations and have increased capital flows. Strong corporate governance practices do not increase distance from investors; rather, corporate governance makes companies more accountable and transparent to investors. Corporate governance does not give companies the ability to bypass sustainability efforts. It instead gives them more tools to increase sustainability. Finally, corporate governance increases stakeholder involvement, rather than limiting it.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2019). Corporate governance - definition, scope and benefits. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
89. C
Safety laws. External controls are those that govern an organization from the outside. They are usually set by governments. Safety laws are external because they are set by the government, not an organization itself. Whistleblower policies, segregation of duties, and managerial oversight are internal means of control.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2017, November 21). Three types of corporate governance mechanisms. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-corporategovernance-mechanisms-66711.html
90. A
Chief executive officer. The board of directors is the group of people chosen to govern the activities of a corporation. The board members are elected by the corporation's shareholders. The corporation's chief executive officer (CEO) reports directly to the board of directors. The vice president of operations is most likely to report to the CEO. The accounting manager and director of marketing are mid-level managers. The accounting manager is most likely to report to the vice president of finance, and the director of sales is most likely to report to the vice president of marketing.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, September 28). The basics of corporate structure. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/03/022803.asp
91. B
Footers. A footer is a line of text appearing at the bottom of a presentation slide. A presenter may choose to include the name and date of his/her presentation in the footer to remind viewers of the focus of the presentation. Slide numbers are also often included in footers for the presenter's and viewers' reference. A header is a line of text or other data that appears at the top of a presentation slide or word processing document. The header may include the page number, section title, main title, etc. The date of the presentation is not typically included in a header. Animations are movements added to objects (e.g., text, images) on presentation slides. Transitions are animations added to slides. Transitions dictate how one slide is removed from the screen and replaced with another. The presentation name and date are not typically included in animations or transitions.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2019). Add page numbers, date and time, or footer text to all slides in powerpoint for Mac. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Add-pagenumbers-date-and-time-or-footer-text-to-all-slides-in-PowerPoint-for-Mac-abb23f0c-760a46ef-940e-be5074d3f287
92. A
Mentor. A mentor is an experienced worker who can act as a guide or helper to less experienced workers. Mentors can be supervisors or coworkers; or, they can be experienced professionals who work in the same industry, but for other companies. A companion is someone who accompanies another person to an event or activity. There is not enough information provided to determine if Jan is Sarah's supervisor, if Jan works as an editor, or if Jan has accompanied Sarah to an activity or event.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 5.4c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
93. C
Experience less misconduct. When organizations have a strong code of conduct in place, they experience less misconduct, which has a positive impact on the organization's performance as a whole. If the code of conduct is linked to its overall objectives, then following the rules will help the organization obtain success. Strong codes of conduct do not make organizations less ethical, decrease efficiency, or create difficulties in attracting employees.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251 Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
94. C
Other employees may not trust you. If you do not follow the organizational structure that has been set up, other employees may not trust your intentions and reliability. Going against the chain of command will not necessarily lead to a promotion; in fact, it might keep you from being promoted. Your manager will not appear to be a strong communicator; rather, his or her communication skills may be questioned. Finally, you will not necessarily be considered a strong leader; it is more likely, depending on the situation, that your reputation will be damaged.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252 Don't Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)
95. D
Telling the whole truth to insurance agents. Risk managers have to provide insurance companies with information about their companies and are required to tell the truth. Misleading insurance companies is unethical. Keeping insurance information concealed from staff is not necessarily ethical; employees have a right to know about their insurance information. Maintaining the same policies for as long as possible is not necessarily ethical; especially if laws have changed. Finally, obtaining the insurance required by law is not necessarily ethical in and of itself; ethical companies obtain the insurance they need to protect their employees whether it is required or not.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041 Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
96. D
Intrusion detection systems. An intrusion detection system monitors and detects computer hacking activities that compromise the security of a business's computer data. Typically used in television studios, a teleprompter is an off-camera device that projects a script for speakers or performers. The purpose of concurrency control applications is to address issues that occur when multiple computer users access the same data at the same time. Pirated software is computer programs that are illegally copied and used by individuals other than the software owners.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Patterson, T. (2015, September). The use of information technology in risk management. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.aicpa.org/InterestAreas/FRC/AssuranceAdvisoryServices/DownloadableDocume nts/ASEC_Whitepapers/Risk_Technology.pdf
97. D
The insurance policy holders are also the company's stockholders. A risk retention group is a type of insurance company that is owned by its members its stockholders. As the owner of the insurance company, a risk retention group retains and controls its liability rather than transferring its risks to another entity. Risk retention groups are typically formed by similar businesses and industries and pay lower licensing fees than traditional insurance companies.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Investorwords.com. (2019). Risk retention group (RRG). Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.investorwords.com/15646/risk_retention_group_RRG.html
98. B
External; economic. A market crash would be an external risk because it occurs outside of the company's organization. This is an economic risk factor because it is a change in market conditions. A political risk factor is a change in the political environment. A technological risk factor is an internal risk that includes changes in the delivery and/or distribution of the company's product or service.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2019). How can companies reduce internal and external risk? Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/how-can-companies-reduceinternal-and-external-business-risk.asp
99. D
Enterprise risk management. Enterprise risk management involves a corporation identifying all the risks that threaten the company, deciding which risks to focus on, and sharing that information with stakeholders. This is not known as corporate risk organization, competitive risk assessment, or environmental risk planning.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, July 2). Enterprise risk management (ERM). Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/fundamental-analysis/08/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp
100. D
Change in currency exchange rates. A change in currency exchange rates is outside of a company's control and is, therefore, an external risk. Significant accounting errors, poor budgeting, and poorly produced products are all internal risks that occur within an organization.
SOURCE: SM:075
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
Test 1216
Finance Cluster Exam
1. D
The rule of law. The legal and philosophical principle of the rule of law explains that laws, rather than individuals or governments, should govern society. The law exists to serve, represent the interests of, and protect the rights of all people, rather than just those in power. It is meant to apply equally to everyone and to maintain order in society. The rule of justice, legal precedence, and legal jurisdiction are not related to this concept.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. C
Prevent the banking system from failing. Regulations require safeguards that help ensure that the banking system does not collapse. Regulations aim to prevent and offset the negative effects of bank failures. Regulations in the financial industry do not aim to limit the amount of money that individuals can earn. Financial regulations help reinforce the integrity of the financial system rather than challenging it. Financial regulations do not necessarily relate to product safety.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: MetricStream. (2017). Integrated risk and compliance management for banks and financial services organizations: Benefits of a holistic approach. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.metricstream.com/whitepapers/html/financial_services.htm
3. D
Efficient. Technology can make compliance processes more efficient and effective. Manual compliance processes can be more costly, more time-consuming, and more error-prone.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: PricewaterhouseCoopers. (2011). Integrating technology into your compliance program to improve effectiveness and efficiency. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.financialtracking.com/docs/pwc_integrating-technology-into-your-compliance-program.pdf
4. D
Due process. Due process is the concept that a jurisdiction's government must respect all of the legal rights that are owed to individuals and businesses according to the law of the land. Legal procedure refers to the methods that are used to protect an individual's or business's legal rights. Generally, these rights in a democratic society include the right to obtain legal counsel, the right to be heard in court, the right to confront the accuser, etc. The importance of following legal procedure is not to provide each party with unique rights, specific duties, or formal requests.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2019). Due process. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/due-process.html
5. C
Targets identifiable groups of people. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme and involves targeting members who belong to the same group such as a church, senior citizen's social club, or civic organization. Because the scammer claims an association with the group and often lures group leaders or respected group members into investing in the scheme, other group members may believe that they can trust the scammer, which prompts them to hand over their money for "investment." The leaders or respected group members who fall prey to the scheme may provide testimonials to encourage investment. Group members who invest later in the scam often do not see any return on their investment. Affinity fraud does not primarily involve buying and selling commodities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: North American Securities Administrators Association. (2019). Affinity fraud: Beware of swindlers who claim loyalty to your group. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from http://www.nasaa.org/7157/affinity-fraud-beware-of-swindlers-who-claim-loyalty-to-yourgroup/
6. A
Luxury. Governments increase their revenues by charging taxes on nonessential, often very expensive goods and services, such as high-end automobiles, rare collectibles, and jewelry. This type of tax is called a luxury tax. An individual who receives a certain amount of money as a gift may be required to pay a gift tax. Property taxes are paid on buildings (e.g., homes) and land. A person who inherits some or all of a deceased person's assets pays an estate tax, which is based on the net value of the assets or estate.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, May 10). Luxury tax. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/luxury_tax.asp
7. C
Long-term capital. A capital gain is money you make when you sell something (such as real estate) for more than you bought it for. A long-term capital gain occurs when you sell a capital asset after owning it for more than a year. This is not an example of an excise tax.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Intuit TurboTax. (2018). 5 things you should know about capital gains tax. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Investments-and-Taxes/5-ThingsYou-Should-Know-About-Capital-Gains-Tax/INF26154.html
8. A
Give the caller the correct number and transfer the call. When you need to transfer calls, it is good practice to explain the reason for the transfer to callers, give them the number to which they are being transferred, and then make the transfer. If the line is busy, or the transfer is not completed for some reason, callers will have the correct extension number when they want to call back. Asking callers to make another call or forwarding them to automated phone directories are not providing good customer service. Also, the caller does not always know the name of the person with whom s/he needs to speak, so forwarding the caller to an automated phone directory is not always possible if the company does have this telephone option. Taking notes is unnecessary since the caller's business will be handled by someone else.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Indiana University of Pennsylvania. (2007-2019). Telephone guidelines. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.iup.edu/page.aspx?id=23953
9. A
Building on someone else's comment. Jon is building on Marilee's comment by stating that his department has a similar problem. He adds to Marilee's statement by suggesting that the company form an internal committee to look into the problems. Jon is not summarizing what has been said, nor is he pointing out missing information. Ground rules are established before the meeting gets underway.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: UNSW Sydney. (2014, August 19). Guide to discussion skills. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://student.unsw.edu.au/discussion-skills
10. C
The subject line should concisely describe the topic of the message. Because businesspeople typically receive many email messages every day, it is important to make sure that the message's subject line contains concise information about the message's content. The subject line is the first thing that message recipients see to determine if the message is important enough to read. To convey a sense of professionalism, it is essential to use correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation when writing any type of business correspondence; therefore, message senders should avoid using texting "language" or acronyms (e.g., writing "IMHO" instead of "in my humble opinion.") in email messages. It is polite to open an email message with a greeting. Message senders should avoid using all capital letters in an email message because doing so suggests anger or hostility.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Business Email Etiquette. (2005-2019). Business email etiquette basics. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.businessemailetiquette.com/business-e-mail-etiquette-basics/
11. A
It increases the quality of work and allows everyone to use his/her skills. As part of a team, you help accomplish the team's goals by supporting each other and sharing. Team members share information, work, and responsibility, as well as the credit for a job well done. Sharing responsibilities does not allow you to relax and not worry about the quality of your work. Even though responsibilities are shared, you still need to pay attention to your own work. Although sharing responsibilities may allow some team members to work on tasks that they like, you cannot be sure that it will prevent you from ever working on something that you don't like. Finally, sharing responsibilities does not necessarily prevent conflict from occurring.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
12. B
She interrupted the speaker. Because it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking, Lindsay should have waited until Tom was finished speaking before asking a question. In many meetings, the leader or speaker will ask the participants if they have questions, so it would be appropriate to ask for clarification at that time. There is not enough information provided to determine if Lindsay expressed an opinion, asked a question irrelevant to the topic at hand, or used distracting gestures.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dunfrene, D.D. (2020). BCOM10 Business communication (10th ed.) [pp. 34]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
13. A
The type of service you have provided the customer. The way you follow up with a customer when showing a customer service mindset will vary according to the type of service you have provided. Employees should follow up with customers to be certain that they have received satisfaction from the product or company's services. The way you follow up should not be based on levels of frustration, supervisory attention, or distance. All customers are important. Following up suggests to customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
14. A
Customer trust can be broken quickly. It takes a while to build customer trust—it's something that must be earned. Customers don't just trust a business automatically, and their trust can be broken quickly. Most customers are not likely to give a second chance to a business that has broken their trust.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: LAP-CR-017—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
15. B
Complex financial terms and concepts. Dependable financial planners are able to explain investment products and options in terms that their clients will understand. They also help their clients understand the importance of investing as a means of achieving long-term financial goals. Good financial planners help their clients make appropriate changes to their portfolios as their financial goals and plans evolve and explain why high-risk investments may not be appropriate options to achieve these financial goals.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: BlueShore Financial. (2002-2019). Ten traits of successful financial advisors. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.blueshorefinancial.com/ToolsAdvice/Articles/FinancialPlanning/TenTraitsOfSucc essfulFinancialAdvisors/
16. B
Clustering. Clustering involves dividing customers in a database into groups based on their similarities and differences. Estimation is used to determine a value for an unknown variable such as a sales forecast. Regression involves using existing values to forecast what continual values will be. Prediction uses historical data to build a model to forecast future customer behavior.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Evgeniou, T. (2019). Cluster analysis and segmentation. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://inseaddataanalytics.github.io/INSEADAnalytics/CourseSessions/Sessions45/ClusterA nalysisReading.html
17. C
Consumer. Consumer goods are those that are purchased and used by consumers. Manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services are known as capital goods. Industrial goods and services are purchased by producers for resale, to make other goods and services, and/or to use in business operations. Ultimate is not a type of good.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
18. A
A seller's market. Excess demand, also known as a shortage, can result in a seller's market. A seller's market is the best time for producers to sell because there is high demand, low supply, and rising prices. A buyer's market is more likely to occur when there is excess supply. The market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular time—the price that you actually pay for a good or service. A customer's market is not a commonly used term.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
19. C
Strengths and weaknesses. To survive and thrive in the marketplace, a business must be able to adapt to market changes, which include new needs and wants. To meet a market's changing needs and wants, a business must have the resources (human, equipment, supplies, financial) to satisfy them, which requires the business to assess its strengths and weaknesses. This is accomplished by conducting a SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats) analysis. Once it knows its strengths and weaknesses, the business can take action to maximize its strengths and improve its weaknesses. Change leaders are employees who influence change within the organization. A salary and benefits plan is the way an employee is paid for work s/he does for the company. Motivation levels are the degree of enthusiasm employees exhibit for the work they do. Motivation levels may be a strength or weakness for the company.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
20. D
They are built into the overall price of a product. Excise taxes apply to specific goods, such as gasoline and alcohol, and they are built into the product’s overall price. They are not a tax on employment. They do not apply to all retail sales. And, they are not based on a business’s income.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-072—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. A
Increased imports. A strong or highly valued currency increases imports from countries with lower valued currency because the foreign goods are less expensive to buy. At the same time, it discourages exports since foreign customers would have to pay more for the goods. Rather than reducing interest rates and the demand for bonds, a highly valued currency is likely to result in an increased demand for bonds and higher interest rates.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: LAP-EC-004—Beyond US (Global Trade)
22. A
Develop diverse teams. Electronic communication tools have increased businesses' ability to work with a wide range of people from across the globe. Diverse groups of people can come together to provide broader perspectives. Technology does not necessarily improve the richness of conversation because face-to-face conversation is still the richest form of communication. Technology also increases privacy concerns, rather than reducing them, as people use electronic means to share information. Finally, the use of technology does not mean that businesses can avoid all face-to-face interactions because they are still important to building business relationships.
SOURCE: EC:111
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2019). The importance of electronic communication in workplace collaboration. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://work.chron.com/importance-electroniccommunication-workplace-collaboration-4081.html
23. C
Self-confidence. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Selfconfident people adhere to their personal code of ethics, even when others do not agree with or are critical of those opinions, decisions, or behaviors. Creative thinking involves the use of the creativethinking process to generate unique ideas, approaches, or solutions. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. Optimism is a positive attitude.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2019). Building self-confidence. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
24. D
Integrity. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. People with integrity know right from wrong, and they try to do what is right. Because Lauren consistently takes care of personal business and socializes on her own time rather than on company time, she is demonstrating integrity. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Humility is a lack of pride.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
25. C
Dilemma. A dilemma is a difficult situation in which you are required to make a decision. This is not an example of a principle. Dilemmas are not referred to as value conflicts. This is not an ethical dilemma because there is no right or wrong answer and no one will be hurt by the decision.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
26. A
Trying a new type of food. Stepping out of your comfort zone allows you to get used to uncertainty. Trying a new type of food is an example because it is outside of your normal routines and brings uncertainty: you don't know what to expect when you taste this new food. Living in the moment is a good technique to develop tolerance for ambiguity, but it is not necessarily an example of stepping out of your comfort zone. Asking clarifying questions and inviting a friend over are not necessarily examples of stepping out of your comfort zone.
SOURCE: EI:092
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
27. B
Are members of the same department. Collaboration frequently occurs among members of the same department because they are more likely to possess the skills needed to achieve a shared goal. Members from different departments or with different backgrounds collaborate also, but not as frequently. People who prefer independent projects are less likely to collaborate.
SOURCE: EI:130
SOURCE: LAP-EI-130—Genius Is a Team Sport (Collaborating With Others)
28. A
High school students compete to sell the most candy in a school fundraiser. When students compete to sell the most candy, their conflict motivates them to be better salespeople and make more money for the school. If Kevin has a class and a meeting scheduled for Tuesday afternoon, his conflict is due to competing or opposing situations. When two coworkers need to use the copy machine at the same time, their conflict is due to limited resources. If Jane and Amy both want to be in charge of their presentation, their conflict is because of authority.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
29. C
Email. The most appropriate communication channel for routine workplace messages such as Odessa's reminder to employees is email. Since her message is likely to be the same each week, she can write the reminder once and then set up her email program to automatically send the message to each employee at the end of each week. Phoning each employee to remind him/her would be very time-consuming. Every employee probably does not have her/his own fax machine. Sending a letter to each employee every week via the postal service would be expensive.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Cherp, A. (2013, September 28). When and how to use email reminders. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://blog.macademic.org/2013/09/28/when-to-use-email-reminders/
30. B
It allows for face-to-face interaction. Group members might prefer to use an informal method of consensus building because it allows for face-to-face interaction. Some people consider this kind of give and take to be an essential ingredient in successful consensus building. When the subject matter is controversial or when group members wish to avoid arguing, a formal consensus-building method is more appropriate. A formal method also involves more paperwork.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
31. C
Explain how the change will benefit the company. To lead change, it is important to convince others of how the change will benefit them. Criticizing Daniella does not help others understand the benefits of the change. Calculating how many product data are in the database is not a productive way to convince the company to make the change. Since the work involved is complex, it's not likely Stef would have the time, the skill, or the authority to make the changes herself.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
32. B
Dealing with cultural and language barriers. If Mike expands his business internationally, he may run into problems if he doesn't do enough research into the other country's culture. He may also have a problem if he doesn't know the other country's language. Encountering new markets would be an advantage of expanding internationally. Depending on which country he expands to, Mike could have fewer government regulations and he could save money on taxes, but these would be considered advantages.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Arthur, L. (2019, January 28). The advantages and disadvantages of international franchises. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantagesinternational-franchises-22488.html
33. A
Store of value. Money serves as a store of value because it enables individuals to save or store their wealth (in the form of money) easily and compactly. Money serves as a medium of exchange when it is used to obtain goods and services. When it is used to express the value or worth of something, money serves as a unit of measure. Money can also act as an incentive. An incentive is a motivator—something that encourages individuals to behave in a particular way.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
34. B
Invest the money so he will earn interest. The time value of money is a concept that explains why money is more valuable today than it will be in the future. This is because you can invest money and generate interest. The sooner you do so, the more interest you will make. To take advantage of the time value of money, Asher should invest his money to earn interest. Spending the money later will not help Asher avoid inflation. Storing the money in his sock drawer will prevent Asher from earning interest. Spending part of the money now and saving part for later is not related to the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Mayes, T.R. (1995-2019). Time value of money: Concepts and calculations. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.tvmcalcs.com/index.php/tvm/tvm_intro
35. C
Compare your report with your own financial documents. When validating your credit report, it is important to compare your report's information with your own financial documents to make sure that there are no inaccuracies or mistakes. You should not ignore mistakes that appear on your credit report; they will not be removed automatically. It would be inappropriate to send your credit report to your employer or school administrator. You should not destroy any financial documents that contradict your credit report; rather, you should compare your report with the documents to determine which information is correct.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2017). A summary of your rights under the fair credit reporting act. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0096-faircredit-reporting-act.pdf
36. D
Minimize, risk. Insurance companies sell insurance policies. An insurance policy is a contract that states that the insurer (the insurance company) will pay for specified losses incurred by an individual or another company (policy holder) in return for installment payments (premiums). The purpose of purchasing insurance policies (e.g., life, property, professional liability, etc.) is to protect the policyholder's assets and minimize financial losses associated with various risks (e.g., death, fire, and malpractice). By minimizing the policyholder's financial losses, the insurance company is providing a product that protects the policyholder's assets. Many insurance companies now provide financial products (e.g., investments), which are designed to build wealth. The primary purpose of insurance companies is not to provide insurance products that increase the policyholder's profitability but to protect the policyholder from financial losses.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Personal-Finance (2019, May 30). What is the difference between a financial institution and an insurance company? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.extension.org/faq/38945
37. C
Eurobonds. Eurobonds are bonds sold in a foreign country in the currency of the issuing company. Frankfort and Sons, for example, is an American firm, so its Eurobonds will be denominated in American dollars. However, these bonds will be sold overseas, not in the United States. Yankee bonds are issued in the U.S. by a foreign company and denominated in American dollars. Interbonds are fictitious. Savings bonds are issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. They are nontransferable securities that can be cashed prior to their maturity date.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2019, September 28). Eurobond. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/eurobond.asp?lgl=no-infinite
38. D
Lower costs. Consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. For example, consolidation occurs when two banks merge to form one bank. By consolidating, the financial firms can achieve economies of scale, which reduces redundancy and lowers costs. Another advantage of consolidation to firms is that it provides more liquid capital for all companies involved. Onestop shopping is an advantage to consumers. Consolidation does not always lead to fewer technology problems.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, August 12). Consolidate. Retrieved October 4, 2019 from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/consolidate.asp
39. D
All former entities no longer exist, and a single, new legal entity is formed. A consolidation occurs when two businesses agree to create a new entity so that one business can take over the net assets of another entity; neither of the original entities continues to exist. After an acquisition, all entities continue operating, connected by a parent-subsidiary relationship. A merger occurs when a business absorbs 100% of another entity's stock and the acquirer continues to exist. In a consolidation, the acquirer purchases 100% of the target's equity, not less.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, August 12). Consolidate. Retrieved October 4, 2019 from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/consolidate.asp
40. D
An individual buys 10 shares of stock for $150 per share on one market, and immediately sells each share for $200 on another market. Arbitrage is profiting from the sale of a financial instrument (e.g., stock) or good on a different market. Arbitrage often involves the buying and selling of goods and other types of services. For example, a person who buys a set of football tickets from a sport organization for $100 and sells them on eBay to another person for $500 is engaging in arbitrage. When an individual earns interest on his/her money by agreeing to leave it in a financial institution for a certain time frame, s/he is investing in a certificate of deposit. Businesses that set aside money for their employees' retirement are contributing to a pension plan. A business that sells bonds is using debt financing to raise funds for its expansion efforts.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2019, March 4). What is arbitrage? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://economics.about.com/cs/finance/a/arbitrage_3.htm
41. C
Herd behavior among investors. Although financial globalization tends to increase investors' access to many different financial markets, financial globalization also seems to increase the risks of speculative bubbles and herd behavior among investors. Herd behavior involves individuals who act together as a group without any planned direction. It is usually irrational and driven by emotions. In good times, investors hurry to join others in a buying frenzy. But, in bad financial times, fearful investors join others in a rush to get out of risky markets. By diversifying their funds in many different countries, investors are able to diversify their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. To enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, many countries have lowered their taxes on international financial transactions.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, August 14). Herd instinct. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/herdinstinct.asp
42. A
Retail bank. Retail banks offer a variety of services for consumers including checking and savings accounts, credit cards, and automobile loans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the purchase of real estate—land, residences, and other types of buildings. Financial holding companies own one or more commercial banks and/or investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2019, April 9). Retail banking vs. corporate banking. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/general/071213/retail-banking-vscommercial-banking.asp
43. B
Implement risk management strategies. Risk management is the planning, controlling, preventing, and limiting of business losses and enhancing possibilities for gain. It involves preparing for risks including those that might result in a lawsuit. If a business implements risk management strategies ahead of time, it will be less likely to face a lawsuit for negligence. Limiting interactions with customers is not realistic for a business. Hiring lawyers to find loopholes in regulations is not ethical and will not limit the chance that the company will face lawsuits. Finally, purchasing captive insurance can assist a company when it does face lawsuits, but it does not limit the chance of lawsuits occurring in the first place.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Kaufman, G. (2015). Risk management: Avoiding a lawsuit. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://convention.asbsd.org/wp-content/uploads/Risk-Management-Avoiding-a-Lawsuit.pdf
44. D
Financial statements on the company's website. Many companies post financial statements online for the convenience of investors. In many countries such as the United States, companies are also required to file their financial statements with security regulators. Public stock exchanges post actual activity, but they do not provide the detailed information an investor needs to evaluate a company's financial health. While some investors' performance reviews are trustworthy and factual, other online reviews are based more on personal opinions and inaccurate data versus factual information. Governmental tax agencies do not provide detailed financial information about organizations.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Kuepper, J. (2019, July 31). Top 3 best sources of investor information. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/top-best-sources-of-investor-information-1979207
45. D
Lowest paid price in 52 weeks. A securities or stock table is a format used to list stock quotes in newspapers and on websites. The table helps investment planners monitor the performance of a company's stock for their clients. To analyze the volatility of stock, an investment planner can compare the highest price paid with the lowest price paid within a 52-week period. If a stock's price rises or falls sharply, it is said to be volatile, which means an investment planner's clients can earn or lose a great deal of money by owning the stock. Rate of return is the reward or benefit received in return for an investment, recorded as a percentage of the investment. Price-earning ratio (PE) is the financial ratio that shows how much investors are willing to pay for each dollar of earnings. A dividend is a portion of a company's profits, paid to shareholders, usually on a quarterly basis. The rate of return, price-earnings ratio, and estimated dividends would not give investment planners enough information to analyze the stock's volatility.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Boyte-White, C. (2018, October 24). Volatility from the investor's point of view. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/010915/volatility-goodthing-or-bad-thing-investors-point-view-and-why.asp
46. A
Managerial decision-making. In business, the most important application of financial information is managerial decision-making. Useful financial information gives managers the knowledge they need to keep the business running as it should. Trend identification is another application of financial information, but it is secondary to managerial decision-making. Financial information may be used to determine salaries or research the target market, but these are not its primary applications.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
47. D
Amounts owed to it. A business may use accounting to keep track of amounts owed to it. Without accurate financial records, businesses would not know if customers were paying their bills and cash was coming into the business. Accounting isn't used to keep track of marketing campaigns, customer information, or competitor information.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
48. D
Dividends paid. Retained earnings are the income that a corporation keeps after paying dividends to its stockholders. This amount, which includes any forwarding balance of retained earnings from the previous accounting period, is reported on the company's statement of equity, which is also called the statement of retained earnings. The depreciation of assets, sales tax payable, and bad or uncollectible debt are not included on the statement of equity.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2019, July 29). Preparing a statement of retained earnings. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/statement-of-retained-earnings-393591
49. A
Variable cost. Variable costs vary in relation to changes in volume. Variable costs can be reduced when the budget has been exceeded. Fixed costs are not reducible because they do not change based on other factors. Sunk costs are those that have already been incurred and cannot be changed. Differential cost is a comparison of costs and revenues of different alternatives. It is not necessarily something that can be cut to help stay within the budget.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2018, March 11). Avoidable cost. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-an-avoidable-cost.html
50. B
Marginal. Business decision makers often compare marginal cost against marginal revenue to determine the profitability of increased production. A sunk cost is a cost that cannot be recovered or changed, so it is typically irrelevant to any future business activities. Fixed cost and average cost are irrelevant to increased production decisions because they are based on costs that occur regardless of production levels.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Ross, S. (2018, September 1). How does marginal analysis help in a managerial decision? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042315/howmarginal-analysis-used-making-managerial-decision.asp
51. A
Is a certain product generating enough revenue? Managerial accounting is used to provide internal information for a business to guide planning and decision-making. One question that managerial accounting can answer for a manager is whether or not a specific product is generating enough revenue to be profitable or financially viable. A job cost report can provide this information. Managerial accountants do not deal with external information such as stocks and investments. They also do not provide information about whether or not employees are working well together. Finally, managerial accountants do not analyze liquidity; that would fall under financial accounting.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Sullivan, D. (2019, March 8). Types of managerial accounting reports. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-managerial-accounting-reports-58384.html
52. D
Variance analysis involves too much of a time delay. Accounting staff typically calculate variances based on monthly accounting reports. However, some businesses find that is too much of a time delay to correct a problem quickly and effectively. In those cases, companies may decide against using variance analysis. Variance analysis is based on tangible, objective data. Real causes can be uncovered with careful variance analysis. Since horizontal analysis compares multiple periods of business activity to identify trends, it actually requires more time to conduct than variance analysis.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2018, December 21). Variance analysis. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
53. B
Provide a lofty goal for employees to strive for. Some businesses challenge employees by setting ideal standards—standards that are or are almost unattainable because they're set so high. They identify the quantity and quality of output that can occur if no mistakes or errors occur and if workers do not need to rest. These businesses feel that these standards help employees strive to achieve more than they would if attainable standards were set. Although some workers are challenged by the lofty goals, others question why they should bother with the work since the standards can't be reached.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., & Taylor, W.B. (2020). Managerial accounting (15th ed.) [Lesson 9-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning.
54. A
Helps people within a business rather than outside of the organization. Managerial accounting is focused on providing financial information for internal organizational use. In contrast, financial accounting information is used outside of the organization. Managerial accounting does focus on planning and budgeting. Financial accounting, rather than managerial accounting, is governed by federal regulation. Finally, managerial accounting has more impact on decision-making than financial accounting because it is used within the organization as decisions are made.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Jan, I. (2019, March 18). Managerial accounting. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://accountingexplained.com/managerial/introduction/
55. A
A cost is not controlled by any department. If no departments in an organization can control a cost, it is acceptable to refrain from allocating it to any specific department. Whether a cost is fixed or variable does not determine whether or not it will be allocated. Refraining from allocating costs will not help if an organization is over budget. The amount of the cost does not necessarily determine whether or not it will be allocated.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2019, May 4). What is cost allocation? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/what-is-cost-allocation.html
56. D
$29,770. To determine how much your investments will be worth in five years, calculate the future values of the investments. The formula used to find the future value of money is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate)Number of Years. So, the future value of your first investment is equal to $5,000 X (1 + 0.06)5. To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.06 = 1.06). Next, raise this sum to the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.065 = 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 = 1.3382). Finally, multiply this product by the original amount of the first investment to find its future value ($5,000 X 1.3382 = $6,691). Next, repeat the process for the second investment. Its future value is equal to $15,000 X (1 + 0.09)5. First, add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.09 = 1.09). Then, raise this sum to the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.095 = 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 = 1.5386). Next, multiply this product by the original amount of the second investment to find its future value ($15,000 X 1.5386 = $23,079). Finally, add together the future values of the two investments to determine how much money you will have in five years ($6,691 + $23,079 = $29,770).
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Garrison, S. (1998-2019). Time value of money: Self-paced overview. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from http://www.studyfinance.com/lessons/timevalue/page02.html
57. A
$18,381.60. The formula for calculating interest is Principal X Rate X Time. To determine how much an investment will be worth at some time in the future, first determine the interest earned per year by multiplying the original investment by the interest rate ($10,212 X .08 = $816.96). Then, multiply the interest earned per year by the number of years to determine the total interest earned over the life of the investment ($816.96 X 10 = $8,169.60). To determine how much the total investment will be worth, add the total interest earned to the original investment ($8,169.60 + $10,212 = $18,381.60).
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7.3b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
58. A
A complete audit trail of financial transactions. A financial-information management system gathers, maintains, and stores all of the business's financial data. A well-designed system provides managers with a complete audit trail of each financial transaction. This enables managers to track each step of the accounting process in sequential order, which helps the business identify errors or inconsistencies that might affect its compliance. A well-designed financial-information management system does not need to provide a business with ongoing support from external financial institutions or a variety of unrelated data. Marketing-information management systems provide businesses with insight about changes in the marketplace.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: LaMarco, L., & Thompson, J. (2019, February 13). What are the benefits of a financial management information system? Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-financial-management-information-system71943.html
59. B
Identity theft. Identity theft is a fraud that occurs when an individual pretends to be another person in order to obtain money or some other type of benefit. With the widespread use of the Internet, hackers try to break into a business's computer system or website to steal customers' financial information, such as bank account numbers or credit card information, which they then use to illegally obtain money or goods. To reduce the risk of identity theft due to computer hackers, businesses install firewalls, which are computer programs that secure and protect their computer networks from unauthorized users. Tax evasion occurs when an individual or business inaccurately reports or fails to pay taxes. An investment scam is a deceptive plan to use others' money for personal gain. A trade barrier is an action that blocks or restricts the exchange of goods or services.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Root, G.N. (2019). What is the responsibility of businesses to prevent identity theft? Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/responsibility-businessesprevent-identity-theft-17047.html
60. A
More data attacks come from inside the organizations than outside them. Financial institutions' data are at risk of attacks originating from both within and outside the organizations. In fact, more data attacks typically come from inside the organization than outside it. Unfortunately, most financial institutions have traditionally concentrated their data security efforts on firewalls and other technology to prevent outside attacks while neglecting to address the risk of inside attacks. And, even the best firewall in the world can't eliminate every external threat to the data. In addition, data at rest and data in process are actually more at risk than data in transit. In recent years, though, financial service companies have increased their investment in financial-information security to address these issues.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Bunn, C. (2016, December 22). A focus on insider threats in banking & financial institutions. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.isdecisions.com/blog/it-security/insider-threatsbanking-financial-institutions/
61. D
Dividends. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Income is the money received by a business from outside sources. Businesses generate income from product sales (cash and credit), interest earned, and investments. Dividends are income earned on stock investments. Interest on debt (e.g., a bank loan) is a business expense.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2019, January 20). Business budget worksheet. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/businessbudgeting/a/budget_wksheet.htm
62. A
Cash flow. Companies use cash flow budgets to project how and when cash will flow in and out of a business within a specified time period. Cash flow budgets help organizations determine if they are handling their money wisely, and if they have enough cash on hand to continue operating as normal. An operating budget is a forecast and analysis of projected income and expenses over the course of a specified time period. Operating budgets are often compared month to month to see if a company is overspending on supplies. A master budget is a comprehensive budget that provides a complete picture of a company's financial activity and health. A static budget is a fixed budget that remains unchanged throughout the year. For example, a company may have a static budget for standard office supplies. In this example, Joanna is creating a cash flow budget because she is specifically examining her company's accounts payable and receivable to determine the amount of available cash.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: The Motley Fool. (2016). 5 types of budgets for businesses. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.fool.com/knowledge-center/5-types-of-budgets-for-businesses.aspx
63. C
Expense analysis. Ongoing technological advancements help businesses efficiently retrieve needed financial information in the desired format via complex computer systems. An expense analysis is a financial-information tool that allows a business to track the money that flows out of its various departments. For example, a business may obtain a listing of travel expenses for employees (e.g., salespeople) during a certain time frame. The business may use the expense analysis to determine if the department is operating within budget, and where, how, and by whom the money is being spent. An accounts-receivable analysis provides information about money owed to the business by its customers. A revenue analysis provides information about money flowing into the business from a variety of sources, including accounts receivable. A billing analysis provides financial information related to the business's billing (invoicing) processes.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, September 20). Static budget. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/staticbudget.asp
64. D
Lack of available data. To perform financial analysis, businesses need quality data. The more data available, the better the financial analysis. Because Ronnie's Bagels is brand new, it might lack the amount of available data needed to perform financial analysis. There is no indication that Ronnie's Bagels cannot use financial analysis techniques because of ignorance of market trends, use of outdated software, or too much complex data.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Philippe, E. (2017, May 4). Beyond the numbers: Overcoming challenges in business financial analysis. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.digitalistmag.com/finance/2017/05/04/overcoming-challenges-in-businessfinancial-analysis-05059985
65. A
Maximize customer value while minimizing waste. Companies that are lean-focused try to create the most customer value while using the fewest possible resources. Therefore, the ultimate goal of a leanfocused organization is to provide maximum customer value while using less human effort, space, capital, and time. The primary goal of a lean-focused organization is not to replace all underperforming employees, eliminate all human-resource expenditures, or maximize profit while minimizing debt.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Parsons, S. (2014, August 14). How lean planning can benefit your business. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.inc.com/sabrina-parsons/how-lean-planning-can-benefityour-business.html
66. B
Credit standards. Businesses establish standards or criteria for determining to whom they should extend credit. Businesses consider many factors such as the customer's credit history, credit score, income, type of purchase, etc. If the customer meets the company's credit standards, Tom is more likely to approve the customer's request for a line of credit. The company's purchasing policies, accounting method, and payment history are not factors that Tom needs to consider when determining if the company should offer the customer a line of credit.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2018, May 21). Credit criteria. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/credit-criteria.asp
67. B
Training. Webinars are an example of using technology in human resource management to develop and train employees. Recruiting normally wouldn't include webinars and happens prior to hiring an employee. Performance management deals with metrics to gauge employee performance. Data storage is essentially recordkeeping and uses technology to store necessary files and information.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Lewis, J. (2019, January 29). How does technology impact HR practices? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/technology-impact-hr-practices-37912.html
68. D
Demonstrating corporate responsibility. Companies, large and small, have an impact on the communities around them, and they should take action to make sure that impact is positive rather than negative. Companies can demonstrate corporate responsibility by showing concern for their communities, and raising money for people who were affected by a tornado is one way of doing this. Providing proper training for employees, providing excellent customer service, and protecting the business's reputation are all positive actions businesses should take, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: LAP-MK-019—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
69. C
Cut, paste. Business employees use word-processing software programs to create text documents, such as letters, memos, and reports. Most word-processing programs have options that allow the user to move text from one part of the document to another. To move text, the user highlights the text, touches the "cut" button, which removes the text from its current position. The user moves the curser to the new location and touches the "paste" button, which places the text in the new location. This simple process saves time for business employees because they do not need to delete and retype the information. The "copy" button duplicates the text but does not remove it from its current location. A "find and replace" function helps the user electronically locate and change words within the document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation, Inc. (1998-2019). Copying and moving text. Retrieved October 14, 2019, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/word2013/text-basics/2/
70. A
Intuitive navigation so your viewers can browse easily. If you want people to keep visiting your website, it's a good idea to make the navigation as intuitive as possible. You should make it as easy as you can for people to find their way around your website. You don't want to confuse or frustrate your viewers, or else they probably won't return to your site. Sounds or music are almost always a bad idea—people may not like the music you've chosen, or they may be viewing your site in a quiet place where the music is intrusive. Although you'll typically want to include some images, using too many can make your site load too slowly, which will drive your viewers away. Although a Flash intro might seem like a fun way to grab the viewer's attention, using Flash is generally not a good idea. It loads slowly and isn't compatible with many mobile devices. If your site is too slow to load, this will discourage viewers from visiting again. It's best to avoid using too many fonts—you want your site to be as easy to read as possible, so keep it simple by sticking with just a few commonly used fonts instead.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Rosengard, Jessica. (2011, March 26). 10 things to avoid when creating a website. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.jessicarosengard.com/10-things-to-avoid-whencreating-a-website/
71. C
Date/Time stamp. The date/time stamp enables a business to identify the date and time that a particular record was added to the database. This can help a business track employees' keying activities and track when customers are added to the database. The validation-rules application enables a database developer to restrict how and/or what data can be keyed in a particular database field. The data replication application involves copying data from one database to another. This enables users to access the data they need to perform their tasks without interfering with others' work. The sort application enables users to view only the data they need to view, such as orders placed on a particular date.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2017, September 24). How to add a date or time stamp to an Access 2010 database table. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://databases.about.com/od/tutorials/ht/Access_2010_Timestamps.htm
72. A
Web data mining. Web data mining involves collecting and analyzing information on the Internet that can then be used to improve a company's overall marketing strategy. While data mining can be extremely useful for companies, there are numerous ethical issues related to the use of customer information for organizational gain—including whether or not it's okay to gather and analyze someone's information without his/her knowledge. This example is not an ethical issue related to computer firewalls, which are security systems used to protect computers from outside attacks. It is also not an example of ethics in search engine optimization or net neutrality. Search engine optimization (SEO) is a strategy used by companies to make their web content more likely to be shown as a search result on popular websites such as Google. Net neutrality is the principle that Internet service providers should enable the same access to all content regardless of the source, and without favoring certain sites over others.
SOURCE: NF:150
SOURCE: Centre for Instructional Technology. (2012, November 25). Ethical issues in web data mining. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://blog.nus.edu.sg/group208/2012/11/25/ethical-issuesin-web-data-mining/
73. C
Working mothers. Demographics are physical and social characteristics. Working mothers, who are female and belong to the workforce, share the same demographics. Shoppers, passengers, and travelers are much more likely to be demographically diverse.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
74. A
Return on investment. The return on investment is calculated by dividing the net profit by the amount spent. This type of information helps the business measure the success of a specific business activity. Retention rates provide information about repeat customers. Sales strategies are the activities salespeople use to sell products. A sales commission rate is a form of compensation paid to salespeople that is based on a certain percentage of sales volume or sales dollars.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. A
Salting icy patches on the sidewalk outside the business entrance. A significant number of workplace injuries are the result of slipping, tripping, and falling on unsafe walking and work surfaces (e.g., floors, stairs, sidewalks, loading docks, etc.). One way that businesses can reduce these accidents is by salting or sanding icy patches on their sidewalks, parking lots, loading docks, and outdoor wheelchair ramps during winter weather. Employees and customers are likely to trip or fall on extension cords that run across main walkways in the business, boxes of inventory stored in stairwells and in front of emergency exits, and protruding file drawers in high traffic areas.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: Occupational Safety and Health Administration. (2016, November 18). Occupational Safety and Health Standards: Walking-working surfaces. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://www.osha.gov/laws-regs/regulations/standardnumber/1910/1910.22
76. A
Project. A project is any undertaking or task with a distinct beginning and end. A resource is an item you need to complete the project. A job is a paid position. A responsibility is a task for which you are accountable.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
77. B
Using proper, approved inventory processes helps ensure that you won't run out of supplies. One of the biggest reasons to inventory your supplies is that it lets you know what you have in stock. When you see that you're running low, you can reorder supplies. Supplies need to be maintained; they aren't ordered only once per year. Conducting a routine inventory of supplies actually reduces the chance of theft. All employees should not order supplies; instead, one or two employees should be in charge of purchasing. If too many employees buy supplies, it can be hard to keep track of inventory.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Mott, A. (2019, February 4). How to do inventory of office supplies. Retrieved on October 4, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/inventory-office-supplies-18351.html
78. B
ISO 9000. ISO 9000 is a widely used set of quality-management standards published by the International Organization for Standardization. ISO 1000 is a set of standards for an international system of units. ISO 31000 is a set of standards relating to risk management. ISO 8000 is a set of standards relating to data quality.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
79. C
Sales commissions. Variable expenses are those that can change when sales volume changes. This includes sales commissions. When there are fewer sales, a business pays a smaller amount in sales commissions, but when sales are up, it pays more. Fixed expenses don't change, even when sales fluctuate. Rent, loan payments, and insurance are all considered fixed expenses. Even if your business doesn't have a single customer, you still have to pay these expenses.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2019). Fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/small/Eq-Inc/Fixed-and-Variable-Expenses.html
80. D
Confidential documents should be kept in locked cabinets or rooms. Limiting access to confidential documents is a good way to protect them. Employees should not discuss confidential information in public places because they might be overheard. Confidential information can be printed out, but it should be kept secure or shredded when no longer needed. Documents should be marked confidential to ensure that their recipients are aware of the need for security.
SOURCE: OP:441
SOURCE: Richard, R. (2017, July 20). Don't let your workplace documents be a security risk. Retrieved October 14, 2019, from https://carolinashred.com/documents-security-risk
81. C
Time management improves self-confidence. Because Christian has been able to balance his tasks and achieve his goals thanks to time management, he feels more confident about himself and his abilities. He knows that he's capable of success, so he is excited to be a part of a new committee. Time management does minimize procrastination, but this example does not reflect that. It is also important to make the most of down time, but this example is not related to that. Finally, it is also true that certain tasks are more important than others, but this example does not relate to that.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001—About Time (Time Management)
82. D
Self-understanding. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal needs, interests, values, and motives and recognizing their effects on behavior. Concomitant satisfaction is need satisfaction that goes along with the working conditions of an occupation. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Passive behavior is behavior characterized by failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kane, S. (2015, September 19). Learning self understanding. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.addiction.com/13311/learning-self-understanding/
83. A
Accounting. Jenn likely works in the accounting department since she has bookkeeping responsibilities. Accounting includes such activities as bookkeeping, systems design, analysis, and interpretation of accounting information. Jenn does not work in marketing research, operations management, or securities and investments. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business’s goods and/or services. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
84. B
Risk-taking. Risk-taking involves understanding and accepting the responsibility of not knowing the outcome of your actions. Innovation is the creation of new, unique products. Enthusiasm is an intense interest or excitement about something. Although Lucy may be innovative and enthusiastic, these qualities are not described in the situation presented. Problem solving is an important entrepreneurial skill that involves finding solutions to obstacles.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
85. C
Determining the value of a specific property. Often, real-estate appraisers specialize in valuing a specific category of property such as residential, commercial, or agricultural properties. They spend a great deal of their time conducting research and writing reports. Real-estate appraisers must obtain licensure to do their work, and licensing requirements vary by location and type of property. Loan officers and Certified Mortgage Bankers (CMBs) process mortgages, which are loans to purchase property. Credit analysts are responsible for verifying a loan applicant's financial standing and often help decide if loan approval should be granted. Real-estate agents sell property to individuals and businesses.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
86. B
It encourages transparency. Corporate governance creates a more transparent business environment, which can increase investor confidence, create a defined brand, and minimize corruption.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2019). Corporate governance - Definition, scope, and benefits. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
87. A
Codetermination. Codetermination is the act of reserving seats on the board of directors for employees. Profit-sharing is an incentive plan that provides payments to employees that depend on the company's profitability. Equity-sharing is an incentive plan that provides shares of equity to employees. Unions are legally recognized employee representatives from different industries coming together to protect workers' rights.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Blair, M. (n.d.). The role of employees in corporate governance. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:OzdchlpdL8MJ:www.oecd.org/corp orate/ca/corporategovernanceprinciples/2482851.ppt+&cd=2&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us
88. D
Independent thinking. It is important for members of a corporation's board of directors to be able to think independently. This involves questioning current policies and proposed actions so that the board as a whole acts in the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders. Board members should also be open-minded and willing to listen to suggestions and different opinions so they can make informed, thoughtful decisions. Conformity often involves following or agreeing with others to “fit in” with the group. Conformity can lead to decision-making practices that do not look out for the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Hoban, M. (2013, March 8). Outstanding directors: The five essential traits for great directors. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.bizjournals.com/baltimore/printedition/2013/03/08/outstanding-directors-the-five.html
89. A
Stockholders. Stockholders are the owners of a corporation. Therefore, their interests are an important factor in corporate governance. Managers, the president, and lower level employees are not considered the owners of a corporation.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Stone, J. (2019). Is the owner of a corporation considered a shareholder? Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/owner-corporation-considered-shareholder79219.html
90. B
More ethical. Governance objectives are often based on integrity and ethical principles. Therefore, if a company has strong governance practices, it is likely to be ethical in its investment decisions. Good governance should not make investment decisions subject to the influence of individuals. Rather, it should remove interference from individuals by giving the board independence to make decisions free of influence. Good governance does not necessarily make investment decisions less regulated; in fact, it gives the board of directors the power to enact financial controls and monitor reporting. Finally, governance makes a company's investment decisions less vulnerable to risk because the governance objectives and policies should preemptively lessen the potential for risks.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2018). The impact of corporate governance practices on the investment decisions of companies. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/impact-corporate-governance-practices-investmentdecisions-companies-79389.html
91. D
Networking. When people connect with others who might help them accomplish their personal career and professional goals, they are networking. Finance professionals might learn about employment and continuing education opportunities as well as prospective clients (selling opportunities) through the networking process. Socializing involves personal activities rather than professional activities. Coordinating is linking activities together in a systematic or organized way.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Lotich, P. (2019, July 9). 5 advantages of professional networking. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://thethrivingsmallbusiness.com/what-are-5-advantages-of-professionalnetworking/
92. C
Mentor. A mentor is typically an experienced worker, such as Dana, who can act as a guide to new employees like Elena. Mentors often share advice, guidance, and even clients with their mentees to encourage the new workers to become successful. Mentors may also help new employees build professional relationships with other members of their firm, professional associations, and new customers. A supervisor is an employee who oversees other employees. A manager is an individual whose job involves planning, organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling for a business. An assistant is an employee who helps with work-related tasks. There is no indication that Dana is Elena's supervisor, manager, or assistant.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Quast, L. (2014, January 6). Finding a mentor is easier than you think. Retrieved October 15, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/lisaquast/2014/01/06/finding-a-mentor-is-easierthan-you-think/#1e17f06252f5
93. C
A protocol consists of many different policies. A protocol is a bit broader than a policy or a procedure. Protocol is defined as the established set of rules that govern behavior within an organization. An organization's protocol, therefore, consists of all of the organization's set policies and procedures. A policy does not consist of many different protocols, nor is a protocol just another word for a policy. A policy is not a step-by-step process; a procedure is a step-by-step process.
SOURCE: PD:250
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250—Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
94. D
Decreased company value. Once word spreads about the business's unethical behavior, investors will probably withdraw their financial support of the business. This would cause the company's value to decrease. With unethical business behavior, the business can expect whistle-blowing to increase because employees have more activities that they could report. Employees' support for the company is likely to decrease, along with their productivity. The publicity that appears in the media will be negative, not positive.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Lehigh Valley Business. (2013, May 13). Top risks and costs of unethical behavior in business conduct. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from http://www.lvb.com/article/20130513/LVB01/305109989/top-risks-and-costs-of-unethicalbehavior-in-business-conduct
95. B
Risk modeling. Businesses commonly use risk modeling to quantify the potential losses that they would incur if certain events took place, such as a tornado destroying a company's largest manufacturing plant. Because risk modeling is a very complex process, businesses usually rely on risk-management technology to aid in the analyses and forecasts. Cost-benefit analysis involves quantifying the costs and benefits of a certain project to determine the most appropriate course of action to pursue. Risk transference is a risk-response strategy that involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or something else. In investing, fundamental analysis is the study of all aspects of a company in an effort to understand its intrinsic value.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Risk modeling. (2019, April 10). Retrieved October 15, 2019, from http://www.mth.kcl.ac.uk/~kuehn/riskmodeling.html
96. B
Government fines. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Compliance with the law is an important aspect of risk management. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. A substantial financial loss can hinder the business's ability to achieve its goals. Increased inventory and decreased quotas are not risks that are directly associated with failure to comply with laws.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Intuit QuickBooks (2019). The dangers of non-compliance for your business. Retrieved October 4, 2019, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/hr-laws-and-regulation/the-dangers-ofnon-compliance-for-your-business/
97. C
A company's annual report. A company's annual report is an example of an internal source, because it comes from the company itself. The Value Line Investment Survey®, brokerage firm research, and financial website portals are all examples of external stock information resources.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 268278]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
98. C
To protect online transactions. Tokenization is the process of substituting a random number in place of an account number to process the transaction online. In this way, financial institutions are able to protect customer data from fraud. Credit card creation, provision of incentives, and government-required quotas are not aspects of tokenization.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Worthington, D. (2018, July 17). Tokenization. Retrieved October 4, 2019, https://www.mobilepaymentstoday.com/blogs/securing-real-time-payments-with-tokenization/
99. B
A risk inventory. A risk inventory is a listing of an organization's entire critical enterprise-wide risks. A risk assessment is a tool used in risk management. Enterprise risk management allows a company to plan, organize, lead, and control the risk in every level of an organization. A risk control is a tactic to mitigate a perceived risk.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Patterson, T. (2015, September). The use of information technology in risk management. Retrieved October, 4, 2019, from http://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/assuranceadvisoryservices/downloadabledocuments/asec_whitepapers/risk_technology.pdf
100. D
Jena is setting up the way her department's work will be done. Organizing is an activity of the management function that sets up the way the business's work will be done. Hiring a marketing assistant is an example of a staffing activity of the human resource management function. Monitoring an employee's work is the controlling activity of management function. Deciding what work the employees should do is a planning activity.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test Sample 2014
Finance Cluster Exam
1. B
May not understand the consequences of their actions. Businesses usually are prevented from entering into legally binding contracts with certain groups of people because these people are not considered to have the capacity to understand the consequences of their actions. One of these groups includes minors, those people under the legal age. In most cases, minors cannot enter into legally binding contracts because they are not old enough to be responsible for the consequences. Minors often have part-time jobs and may have sufficient funds to make payments. Minors are able to make basic decisions, and can promise to do something for others. Therefore, these are not reasons why businesses usually are unable to enter into legally binding contracts with minors.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 210, 222]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. B
Obtaining a loan from a bank. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. A business that obtains a loan from a bank is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship. It is voluntary because the business (debtor) is seeking to obtain funds from the bank (creditor) by going through a loan-application process. A monetary gift is given without expectations of repayment. A monetary gift and a request for information are not examples of debtor-creditor relationships. In tort cases, the court can order one party to pay punitive damages to the other party. This is an example of an involuntary debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
3. D
Accounting scandals. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is federal legislation that was passed in response to recent major corporate and accounting scandals. These scandals include Enron and WorldCom, which resulted in a loss of public trust in current accounting and reporting procedures. The law established new and improved accounting procedures for public companies and accounting firms. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was not passed in response to recent investment options, tax settlements, or collection activities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2007, September). Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX). Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://searchcio.techtarget.com/definition/Sarbanes-Oxley-Act
4. A
A fund with a high portfolio turnover rate. Regardless of fund type, a fund with a high portfolio rate replaces a high percentage of its investments every year. Every time that the fund sells one item in its portfolio and purchases another, a capital gain or loss is being realized. Because these capital gains or losses occur so frequently, it is difficult for fund investors to successfully time the realizations and manage their overall tax obligations effectively. Specialized sector funds focus on a certain industry, and index funds attempt to match broad market indices.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Loth, R. (n.d.). Fund I-Q no..5: Portfolio turnover ratio. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/quality-mutual-fund/chp7-fund-activity/fund-iq5.asp
5. D
Six Sigma. Aspects of the Six Sigma approach to quality management are applied in the finance industry to sustain regulatory compliance. Specifically, Six Sigma's closed-loop control principles (definemeasure-analyze-improve-control) are often incorporated in compliance processes and procedures. Justin-Time, reassurance, and crisis management are not quality management approaches.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (2008, August). Turn SOX compliance into cash: Link SarbanesOxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from hhttp://productdatamanagement.knowledgestorm.com/ksproductdatamgmt/search/viewabstr act/99003/index.jsp 11
6. D
Link all related questionable transactions for further investigation. After detecting a potential compliance issue, compliance technology such as a virtual auditor should identify and link all of the questionable transactions and entities that seem to be related in some way. Then, the data can be further analyzed and investigated. Rather than deleting all exceptions and questionable transactions from the system, a virtual auditor should document and link the data. To maintain the integrity of the compliance system, it must function independently of the operational financial system. Questionable transactions should not be entered in the operational system. In fact, data about the questionable transaction probably came from the operational system. While a human auditor might manually load questionable transactions into a spreadsheet for analysis, a virtual, computerized auditor would not need to do so.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: VMWare. (2008). Achieving compliance in a virtualized environment. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/technology/compliance_virtualized_environment_wp.pdf
7. A
In 2009, Hewett Packard held 29.1 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 21.9 percent. This option provides the most detailed information about market share during a specific time frame because it provides specific percentage amounts in relation to one year. The ability to read information and extract the most important facts is an important skill to possess. Businesspeople often need to extract the most important content from various documents and articles to analysis reports, complete projects, and make business decisions.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Schall, J. (n.d.). Integrating source material. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from https://www.e-education.psu.edu/styleforstudents/c5_p6.html
8. C
Speaker and the listener. Successful communication depends on active participation of the speaker and the listener, each playing a vital role in the process. Communication can take place even if the speaker is not speaking loudly. Communication is not dependent upon the listener's knowledge of or comfort with the topic, nor is it dependent on the speaker's professional qualifications.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1—Listen Up
9. C
Planning and organizing for the future. Strategic management involves planning and organizing for the future. It does not involve obtaining funds. That is part of financial analysis. Recruiting appropriate employees is part of human-resources management and regularly updating business processes is part of operations.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
10. A
If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer. Businesses receive inquiries from customers on a regular basis. In some situations, an employee may not know the answer to a customer's question. To provide good customer service, the employee should take the appropriate steps to obtain the requested information. This may involve verifying the price in the computer system or transferring a customer's telephone call to the sales department. Guessing the price, stating that s/he does not know the price, and telling the customer to contact another person are not legitimate responses to inquiries and do not provide customers with good customer service.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 119-121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. C
Demonstrating a procedure. If possible, it is always useful to demonstrate a procedure when giving verbal directions. The visual demonstration reinforces the verbal explanation and makes it easier for employees to understand. This might include an actual demonstration, a video of a demonstration, or diagrams that explain the procedure. The goal is to increase understanding, particularly if the directions are detailed, or the procedure is new or complicated. Taking notes often helps employees to understand and follow directions. Speaking in a loud voice will not help to clarify information. It is effective to encourage questions rather than to limit them.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Bock, W. (2006, September 20). How to give better instructions. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Give-Better-Instructions&id=305933
12. D
Business letters. Business letters are the most common form of written communication used by businesses to exchange information with other organizations or with customers. Memorandums are informal letters or notes between a company's employees. They are the main form of written communication within a business. Telephone calls and meetings are not forms of written communication.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. D
Ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses. Companies may prefer that their employees format business correspondence in a specific way to ensure consistency within the organization. To save time and effort, Ann should ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses, such as the block format or simplified format. Developing the letter in a variety of formats is an inefficient use of time.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. A-10 - A-12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. When businesspeople have time constraints, they often read the executive summary of a lengthy report. The table of contents is the portion of the report in which the various report sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. The appendices are segments that are added to the end of the report and provide supporting information. The conclusion section of the report summarizes results and in some reports, this section includes recommendations for a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 456, 461, 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. A
Dependable. Employees who are dependable do what they say they will do and keep their commitments to customers. When employees offer to do something for customers, they must live up to the terms of the commitment in order to build positive relationships. Customers appreciate dependable employees and often return to a specific business because of them. Assertive employees stand up for their rights. Sociable employees are friendly. Creative employees develop unique ideas and solutions to problems. These are good characteristics for employees to have, but they do not involve keeping commitments.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 258). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. B
Pronounce their names correctly. One way to show respect for foreign clients, their families, and their cultures is to learn to say their names properly. If you mispronounce a client's name, you might insult the person or hurt his/her feelings. If you can speak a client's native tongue, converse with that client in her/his language, rather than always speaking in your own native language. Especially if your clients' knowledge of the English language is limited, you should avoid using slang and idioms—your clients may not understand what you really mean by such words and phrases. When communicating with clients of different cultures, do not base your actions on cultural stereotypes.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Ngomsi, E. (2003-2009). Factors that affect cross-cultural interactions in the workplace. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.yan-koloba.com/articles.html
17. D
Concerned. The salesperson's concerned attitude should put the customer in a good frame of mind. If a customer complaint is handled improperly, a valuable customer may be lost. If the salesperson is skeptical or abrupt, this may alienate the customer. It is not necessary to respond in a formal manner; however, professionalism is important.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 241-242). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. B
Jonathan, because his customers feel that they can trust him. Jonathan educates his customers about his products, explaining the positives as well as the negatives. By doing so, Jonathan presents himself as a truthful, trustworthy individual. Customers are much more likely to return to Jonathan and refer others to him because they see him as a person they can trust. There is no indication that Jonathan provides his customers with too much information. Hank is not likely to retain and grow his client base simply because he is optimistic. And, while customers appreciate an upbeat salesperson, they are likely to get angry with Hank if something goes wrong that Hank could have warned them about. Angry, displeased customers are unlikely to return to Hank or refer others to him in the future.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Hoffman, K.D., & Bateson, J. (2006). Services marketing: Concepts, strategies, & cases (3rd ed.) [p. 400]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
19. D
Customer segmentation. Customer-relationship-management (CRM) analytics can be used to analyze and evaluate customer data in many different ways. For example, a business can use CRM technology to segment its customers into groupings based on each client's likelihood of purchasing or repurchasing a particular product. Personalization allows a business to market to specific customers based on data in the CRM system. Event monitoring helps businesses to identify when a customer reaches a specific dollar amount of purchasing or requests an excessive number of refunds. Profitability analysis helps businesses to identify their most profitable customers.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: TechTarget. (2007, June 27). CRM analytics. Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://searchcrm.techtarget.com/definition/CRM-analytics
20. A
Economic resources. An item becomes an economic resource when it is used to produce a good or a service. Economic resources include natural resources, human resources, and capital goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
21. B
Listening. Listening involves not only hearing what the speaker is saying but making appropriate verbal responses. It is an essential component or part of verbal communication. Facial expressions, eye contact, and body posture are examples of nonverbal communications.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 192-193). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Competitors. Organizational design (also called organizational structure) is the process of structuring a business's people, information, and technology to enable the business to achieve its goals and to be successful. A business isn't able to structure its competitors.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
23. D
It may have different consequences than breaching ethics. Breaching business ethics and breaking the law may have different consequences. For example, breaching business ethics alone could result in loss of customers, while breaking the law could result in fines or jail time. Both breaching business ethics and breaking the law are unacceptable practices in most industries, are not necessary for business success, and will not make a company more popular. In fact, doing so will hurt a company's public image.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
24. A
Great Britain. Socialism is a modified command economic system in which government owns the basic means of production but there is private ownership of businesses as well. Socialism is characterized by freedom of choice, limited competition, high taxes, some government control, and welfare programs for citizens. Japan, Switzerland, and the United States have capitalistic economic systems.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
25. C
Insurance. Businesses transfer the risk factor to some other person or business when they purchase insurance. An insurance policy is a contract between a business and an insurance company in which the insurance company agrees to provide protection against insurable losses which may occur. Stocks are shares of ownership in a business. Municipal bonds are sold by municipalities to raise funds for their use. Dividends are monies paid to individuals or companies which own stock in a business.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
26. A
Increase. Personal consumption expenditures, a GDP component, represent all of the consumer goods sold during the year. An increase in the sale of consumer goods will result in an increase in GDP unless there is a drop in one of the other GDP components such as government purchases, private investment, or net exports.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Pride, W. M., Hughes, R. J., & Kapoor, J. R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 19-20]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
27. C
Similar business subcultures. The business subculture of each country has its own unique beliefs, values, and ways of conducting business. The business subcultures of some countries are very similar to those of other countries. For example, the United States and the United Kingdom have similar business subcultures, which means that the businesspeople in these countries understand each other and conduct business in similar ways. Because of this, they trade successfully with each other. Countries that have different business subcultures may not be able to trade as successfully with each other because their businesspeople have different ways of doing business and may not understand each other as well. Different countries have different language traits, religious institutions, and governmental systems which may make it difficult for them to trade with each other.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on the Global Environment)
28. D
You will have increased self-respect. Knowing that you always try to be honest and fair bolsters your selfrespect. When you respect yourself, it is easier to respect others as well. Having high standards for honesty and fairness will not decrease the number of mistakes you make. If your job involves handling money, the business might choose to bond you to protect itself from possible loss, even though you are honest. Improving the business's image is a benefit to the business.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
29. C
By helping you to be objective. Self-control helps you to think clearly by enabling you to keep your emotions under control. This helps you to be open-minded and objective. Self-control helps you to deal with criticism without becoming defensive, but that is not part of clear thinking. Self-control helps you to deal with coworkers by helping you to think before you speak.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
30. C
Points out their shortcomings. Negative feedback makes many individuals uncomfortable because it points out their weaknesses, faults, and shortcomings. The frequency of the feedback—whether it occurs regularly or is rare—has little to do with making individuals uncomfortable. Negative feedback should not involve a lot of people. In fact, constructive criticism is best shared in private.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. A
Get along with their coworkers. Today's workplace is more diversified than ever before. We may not fully understand our coworkers because of the differences in our backgrounds. Empathy helps in this situation because it motivates us to look for similarities instead of focusing on differences. Empathy is not a factor in effective planning or career advancement.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
32. D
Credibility. Credibility is believability. If employees believe what managers are saying, they are more likely to be persuaded to do what the managers want them to do. Managers develop credibility by always being truthful with employees. As a result, employees often like and trust managers who are credible and, therefore, are willing to follow their instructions. Having organizational skills, enthusiasm, or selfmotivation does not necessarily mean that managers will be able to persuade employees.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
33. C
It allows for face-to-face interaction. Group members might prefer to use an informal method of consensus building because it allows for face-to-face interaction. Some people consider this kind of give and take to be an essential ingredient in successful consensus building. When the subject matter is controversial or when group members wish to avoid arguing, a formal consensus-building method is more appropriate. A formal method also involves more paperwork.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
34. A
Permanent results. Personal vision is the future that you want to create. It involves creating positive change through hard work over the long term. For example, Martin Luther King, Jr. had a vision in which his children would have equal rights with all Americans. His vision was to end racism, and he took many steps to make his vision come true. Due to his efforts, peoples' attitudes changed and laws were established to protect and ensure all peoples' rights, which created permanent results from his vision. When working toward a personal vision, a person may experience setbacks and challenges, such as limited resources. Not all of the results of visions can be measured because they often affect others on a personal and intangible level.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This!
35. A
Identify the problem. Identifying the problem is the first step in the coaching process. You must identify the problem before you can get a response from your coachee, agree on goals, or form a plan for improvement.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
36. B
Physical condition. Jeremy and his coworker differ in physical condition (their basic health). They may or may not differ in age (the number of years lived), ethnic heritage (cultural background), or education (amount of learning acquired).
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
37. A
Bank notes. Bank notes are currency. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. A mutual fund is a collection of shareholders' money that is invested by professional fund managers in an assortment of different securities, such as stocks and bonds. A bond is a piece of paper (real or virtual) that says the governing body or corporation will borrow your money at a particular interest rate for a particular period of time. Municipal bonds are issued by local governments.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: McMahon, M. & Harris, B. (2003-2012). What is a bank note? Retrieved September 10, 2013, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-bank-note.htm
38. C
Unsecured loan. To obtain an unsecured loan, the borrower does not pledge anything s/he owns as security to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Instead, the borrower signs a written promise to repay the loan. Secured loans require borrowers to guarantee repayment by pledging collateral. Regular credit accounts and travel and entertainment cards are used to purchase goods and services rather than to borrow money. In addition, these credit users agree to the terms for payment, credit limits, and interest as specified by the credit provider.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
39. C
No, his goal is not specific or measurable. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. Effective financial goals are SMART goals—specific, measurable, attainable, results-oriented, and time-bounded. The goal is time-bounded because Brandon wants to save money to buy a car two years from now. It is results-oriented because Brandon will have something to show for his effort in two years—a car. However, the goal is not specific or measurable because Brandon has not indicated how much he wants to save for the car. Also, Brandon has not indicated how he plans to save for the car, such as placing 15% of his weekly paycheck in a special savings account. There is not enough information to determine if the goal is attainable because it is not specific.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
40. A
Investing. Using money to make money is called investing. Saving is setting aside part of your current income for future use. Rationing is a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and services produced—it is determining how scarce resources will be distributed. Reimbursing involves paying back or refunding money that someone has spent.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
41. B
Obtain a bank loan. Banks obtain credit reports to make decisions about providing loans; therefore, it is important for individuals to periodically review the accuracy of their credit reports. By obtaining copies of their credit reports from an authorized credit agency, individuals can identify problems and take corrective action. Information presented in a credit report does not affect an individual's ability to withdraw money from a savings account, pay monthly credit-card balances, or earn interest on stock holdings.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Nolo. (2013). Your credit report can make or break your application. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/free-books/renters-rightsbook/chapter1-3.html
42. A
Issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. Finance companies, also known as credit companies, are a type of financial institution. Finance companies raise capital by issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations. They use this capital to provide loans to businesses and consumers. Insurance companies raise capital by investing funds from premiums and offering loans to clients. Deposit-taking institutions accept funds from savers and use those funds to offer loans to borrowers. Investment institutions, not finance companies, establish mutual funds and investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author.
43. C
Government bonds, corporate stock. Investors buy debt securities, such as government bonds and certificates of deposit, through debt markets. The issuers of debt securities pay investors at a certain time (maturity date) and at a specific interest rate. All levels of government sell debt securities to fund various projects and initiatives. Equity markets trade financial instruments such as corporate stock through exchanges or over-the-counter markets. The stock does not have a maturity date, and can be bought or sold at any time for a gain or loss. Grain and gold are sold through commodities markets.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. (2005, October). What are the differences between debt and equity markets? Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.frbsf.org/education/publications/doctor-econ/2005/october/debt-equity-market
44. C
One-stop shopping. Convergence is the merging of financial providers from different financial sectors, and consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category. An advantage to consumers of the convergence and consolidation in the finance industry is the creation of "one-stop" shopping, which reduces the need to go to different financial providers for different financial products. Convergence and consolidation do not always make decision making easier for consumers, nor do they guarantee earnings on their investments. Convergence and consolidation usually provide more liquid capital for the financial institutions rather than for consumers.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
45. B
Business expansion slows quickly. Slower business expansion is one factor that indicates an economic recession. When business productivity slows, there is less work for laborers. When there is less work for laborers, businesses tend to lay off employees, causing unemployment rates to rise. Unemployment leads to less consumer spending because the displaced workers do not have income available to buy goods and services, including financial products. Fluctuating interest rates do not always indicate problems with financial markets because slight daily fluctuations are normal. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is rebounding, that people are working, and that people have more money to invest in the financial markets.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. D
The reduction of government regulations. Liberalization and deregulation have enabled capital to flow more freely across national borders. Reducing the limits (e.g., quotas, tariffs) on foreigners' access to domestic markets encourages international investment and trade. Globalization has encouraged the movement toward floating exchange rates. Protectionism refers to government policies that are designed to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBAResearch and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
47. D
Certified financial planner. Financial planners help clients develop investment plans and prepare for the future. Financial planners recommend and sell financial products such as mutual funds, stocks and bonds, insurance, etc. When selecting a financial planner, it is important to make sure that s/he has the appropriate training and certification to provide financial services. Tax accountants, loan officers, and credit-union representatives do not usually have the credentials to provide in-depth financial advice and select appropriate investments for clients.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 251]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
48. D
Profitability. The income statement shows a company's profitability over a period of time. Reliability, equity, and liabilities are not part of the income statement.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
49. A
Net change. Newspapers, business publications, and websites publish a securities or stock table, which is a format used to list stock quotes. The table helps investors monitor the performance of their stocks. The net change is a column in the table that indicates the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price, which may increase or decrease (drop). True value, net worth, and true yield are not terms that describe the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables)
50. D
VOL. VOL is short for Volume (sometimes called Sales). It records how many shares were traded that day. NET CHG stands for Net Change, or the difference between the closing price and the previous day's price. DIV is short for dividend, which is a portion of a company's profits, paid to shareholders each year. YLD% stands for Yield Percentage, which is determined by dividing the dividend into the current stock price.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
51. C
Improper budgeting practices. Financial risks are possible events or situations that directly impact a company's cash flow. In some cases, financial risks prevent a company from having sufficient funds to meet its financial obligations. Improper budgeting practices are an example of an internal financial risk. External financial risks include foreign exchange rate change, consumer buying power, and credit downgrades.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
52. A
To determine whether the company qualifies for additional credit. By examining the balance sheet, banks determine what a business owns as well as what it owes. If the business does not have sufficient assets, the bank will probably avoid loaning it money. Businesses, not banks, declare themselves in bankruptcy. Banks do not have oversight responsibilities of the business community. A bank would examine a company's income statement to determine profitability.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: AccountingCoach.com (n.d.). Balance sheet. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/online-accounting-course/05Xpg01.html
53. D
Standards. Ethical standards are unwritten rules that govern your behavior. Many businesses develop ethical standards that they expect employees to follow, particularly in finance. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. Ethical issues may arise in the process of managing money, and having ethical standards to follow helps employees make the right decisions. There may be consequences for failing to abide by ethical standards, but businesses usually do not develop specific punishments, sanctions, or penalties.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (pp. 31-32). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
54. D
To monitor aging accounts. The accounts receivable—all the monies owed to a firm by its customers— should be monitored carefully because they affect the business's cash flow and its ability to pay its employees and creditors. To collect the monies owed to them, the business should implement follow-up procedures to contact customers with delinquent or aging accounts. Businesses do not monitor accountsreceivable information to forecast sales, classify stocks, or evaluate interest rates.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 342). South-Western Cengage Learning. 20
55. B
An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information. Businesses have an ethical duty to protect their clients' financial information. Businesses must develop and implement procedures that reduce the risk of theft or unauthorized access to confidential financial information by internal and external sources. Verifying the accuracy of financial statements, requesting financial information to process a loan, and examining financial records to develop a budget are necessary and ethical practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 339). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
56. C
Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding. As businesses have become more comfortable with the use of electronic information, their willingness to accept electronic documents as legally binding contracts has also increased. This has been buoyed by the passage of laws recognizing electronic documents and signatures as legally binding. Electronic information exchange procedures have not been removed. These procedures provide a way for people to exchange information electronically. Security remains an issue for online financial-information management. Although the customers' right to privacy is an issue, it has not contributed to the increased use of online technology in financial-information management.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 338-339). South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. C
Determine the research question. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among data. Businesses use data mining to find answers to questions. For example, a bank might ask the question, “Which customers tend to visit the bank between noon and 5 p.m. on Tuesdays?” Before the bank can answer this question, it must identify what types of data it will need to answer the question, and then set appropriate computer queries to obtain the data. After determining the research question, the business can filter the data and analyze the results, which may or may not include product usage patterns. The data may or may not provide the results that the business desired.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 98-100]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
58. A
What makes some customers a better credit risk than others? Data mining is frequently used to classify groups of people or things. For example, data mining could help us to understand what makes customers who are a better credit risk different from the customers who are not. However, data mining is not as effective when trying to pinpoint information about one particular customer. Because a customer's decisions are based on many factors that a database cannot capture, it is difficult to determine that specific person's actions. Therefore, a database would not be an efficient tool to use to predict when the customer will place his/her next order, to learn why s/he moved a checking account to another bank, or to determine what product s/he will order next. Probability models are more successful in predicting what a customer will do and why.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Alter, A. (2007, June 13). What data mining can and can't do. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.cioinsight.com/c/a/Past-News/What-Data-Mining-Can-and-Cant-Do/
59. A
Dividends. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. Income is the money received by a business from outside sources. Businesses generate income from product sales (cash and credit), interest earned, and investments. Dividends are income earned on stock investments. Interest on debt (e.g., a bank loan) is a business expense.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2009). Business budget worksheet. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/businessbudgeting/a/budget_wksheet.htm
60. D
What is the change in the company's liquidity? By using financial analysis applications, a business gains insight into its financial health, such as the company's liquidity. These applications also are useful in helping to identify trends. The applications cannot accurately forecast a business's actual amount of profit margin; however, they help to identify trends impacting the profit margin. These applications cannot identify project priorities or tell why products are being added to the product mix. They report financial data.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: MicroStrategy.com. (n.d.). Financial analysis. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://latam.microstrategy.com/financial-analysis/
61. D
Ensure that only one person can edit data fields. Many databases allow users to view the same information at the same time. The locking function prevents more than one person at a time from making changes to the database. The import function allows users to import data from external programs. The primary purpose of the locking function is not to develop reports, summarize data, or set queries.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Berry, D. (2000-2013). Concurrency control and locking. Retrieved October 30, 2009, from http://www.service-architecture.com/database/articles/concurrency_control_and_locking.html
62. B
Others rely on the information when making credit and/or investment decisions. It's important for investment firms to share their actual financial situation rather than manipulate the numbers to present the most desired financial situation. Accountants, rather than investment firms, maintain an accurate accounting of people's revenue and expenses. Having both brick-and-mortar and virtual businesses would not impact the accuracy of investment firms' reporting. Unfortunately, most people understand that not all people are honest. Therefore, they need to know enough about investing to make good choices.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Accounting and Compliance International. (n.d.). Accurate accounting for broker-dealers. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.finraexamsupport.com/accurate-accounting
63. A
The federal government. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. Public corporations are required to provide financial information that has been verified by an independent auditor to shareholders (owners of the company) and prospective investors. The board of directors and the accounting department perform activities to ensure that the corporation is in compliance.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 114-115). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. B
Accounting focuses on the past, while finance focuses on the future. Accountants are responsible for tracking and analyzing financial transactions to determine a client's or business's financial performance. Individuals in finance use the information that accountants prepare to predict and plan for the future. Finance, which focuses on money and capital markets, investments, and financial management, is broader than accounting. Private accountants typically report to a controller who reports to an executive within the finance department, such as the vice president of finance or chief financial officer. Financial managers and accountants focus on both assets and liabilities, not one or the other.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. A
Managerial. Managerial accounting systems are used primarily to aid managers with their decision making, planning, and controlling. Businesses are not required by law to have managerial accounting systems; therefore, there is less emphasis on the precision of data. These systems also do not have to meet generally accepted accounting principles. Tax and financial accounting are governed by generally accepted accounting principles, and they emphasize the business's past financial performance. These systems are designed to provide financial information to external audiences. A double entry accounting system is an accounting concept requiring every accounting transaction to be recorded in two accounts: in one, the transaction is a debit, while in the other account, the transaction is a credit.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Shanker, S. (n.d.). Objectives of internal managerial accounting systems. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/objectives-internal-managerialaccounting-systems-20945.html
66. B
Profitability ratios. Profitability ratios measure the business's ability to generate profit. By comparing the profitability ratios from consecutive time periods (e.g., quarterly), the business can determine if it is generating profits. If profits tend to increase, then it is likely that the business is generating more revenue or making money. Advertising budgets, interest rates, and payroll records do not provide information about the business's profitability.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). What are the five categories of financial ratios and what do they measure? Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/financialratios/f/finratioanal2.htm
67. C
Debt ratio. To reduce the risk of nonpayment or default on a loan, a bank reviews the loan applicant's debt ratio before approving the loan. The debt ratio indicates the applicant's current level of debt in relation to his/her current assets (e.g., income, home). If the applicant has a high level of outstanding debt and few liquid assets, the applicant is more likely to default on the loan. In this situation, the applicant would most likely be denied the loan. The bank may consider the economy's inflation rate in relation to the applicant's debt ratio when evaluating the loan application. The bank is not likely to consider the applicant's brand preferences or performance goals.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 266-270). South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. A
Analyze the customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements. Businesses commonly analyze their customers' financial information when determining whether or not to extend credit to these customers. At the very least, a business such as the automotive parts supplier should analyze a customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements before approving or denying credit for the customer. It is not feasible for the supplier to contact its shareholders and ask for permission to extend credit to its customers. The supplier's financial accountants are not likely to discuss the customer's request for credit; the company's credit analyst(s) would make the decision. While learning the qualifications and work histories of the customer's management team could be helpful, it is much more important to analyze the customer's financial information prior to approving or denying credit for the customer.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dennis, M.C. (2011). Evaluating financial health. Retrieved March 7, 2012, from http://www.encyclopediaofcredit.com/Evaluating-Financial-Health
69. C
Payroll reports. A variance is a discrepancy or difference between what was planned and what actually occurred. Financial managers often use financial data to analyze variances—to determine what caused actual results to differ from the projected results. A manager might analyze expense variances to determine why a business's expenses were either higher or lower than budgeted. Payroll reports indicate the flow of funds out of a firm to its employees. Therefore, payroll reports provide information about a business expense. Customer invoices and cash receipts, on the other hand, focus on company revenue, not expenses. Productivity reports are often used to analyze operational results, but they are seldom used in expense variance analysis.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2013). Analyze variance effectively. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/excel/HA011562881033.aspx
70. B
Compliance. Compliance is an HR management activity that ensures a company is following all applicable laws and regulations. Staffing is an HR management activity that ensures a company has appropriate employees available and ready to work. Compensation and benefits is an HR management activity that ensures a company's employees are paid. Employee relations is an HR management activity that ensures a company's employees have positive working relationships.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
71. A
Advertising. Keeping promises to customers involves both personal interactions and advertising. Companies must make good on their promises, no matter what method they use to make them to their customers. These promises don't usually come from newspaper articles, coworker interactions, or future products.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now (Employee Actions)
72. C
Criticism. When assessing information, it is important to discern fact from opinion and criticism. The example is a statement of disapproval, which is criticism. It is based on opinion or beliefs rather than facts. Facts contain information or data that are indisputable and true.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 17]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
73. B
Request for proposal. Complex projects often require the expertise of external resources. Building a new facility requires skills from architects, construction companies, electricians, etc. And because these types of projects are expensive, companies want to obtain bids from the potential vendors or contractors to determine which one is best suited to perform the work. A request for proposal (RFP) is an invitation for potential vendors to present bids to obtain a contract and perform the work. Because the work is complex, the RFP must include specific information and provide detailed instructions about the way the proposal should be written. Often, an RFP will require potential vendors to provide a summary of qualifications as a section of the proposal. A business plan is a company's blueprint for success—its business model. An executive summary is an element of a business plan and provides an overview of the most important information.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. B
Relevant. In order to make business decisions, companies access, store, maintain, and evaluate a variety of information (facts, data). To make appropriate decisions, companies need to make sure the information that they are basing their decisions upon is accurate and relevant. For example, information from an employee's performance review will not help the business determine how to price its products. Information from an anonymous source may be incorrect and could lead to poor decisions and undesirable outcomes. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient can read it. Not all information needs to be encrypted. While positive information about the company is nice, it is more important that the information is honest, accurate, and relevant.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 483-484]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
75. C
Programming languages. A computer programming language is the language or code that instructs a computer to carry out specific actions in relation to certain keystrokes. Computer programmers use various types of computer programming languages to develop computer hardware and software programs. Search engines are computer programs that crawl the Web looking for information. Service providers provide access to a service, such as the Internet. A disk drive is a component of a computer that reads data from and writes data to removable computer disks.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2013). Programming language. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.answers.com/topic/programming-language#
76. C
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information in order to send certain messages to specific customers. Spreadsheet and word-processing software do not perform the functions required by the retailer. Systems tools are used to maintain the computer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 658). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Varies greatly. The length of time that businesses use and store their records can vary greatly. Some businesses will use certain records indefinitely, while other businesses might maintain information on a seasonal basis or for only one year. The law often determines how long certain records must be maintained.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 349]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
78. D
Inventory. Companies keep many types of records about their various business activities. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. The goal of a sales promotion is to stimulate short-term sales. A company that is planning a sales promotion featuring specific products needs to make sure that there are enough products available at the right time to meet the anticipated increases in customer demand. By reviewing inventory reports, employees can see how much stock is available and how much they need to order to ensure stock is available during the sales promotion. Accounting, operations, and performance data do not provide enough information to make an informed decision about inventory issues.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
79. B
Logistics. Operations are the day-to-day activities for continued business functioning. Logistics refers to the function of operations that manages the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. Logistics includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing (e.g., type of warehouse) and transporting goods (e.g., shipping method). Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Maintenance needs refer to the routine maintenance and repair of business facilities and equipment. The operations function controls many activities within the business, which means that this function encounters a lot of expenses incurred by the business. Therefore, expense control is an important operations activity because it focuses on efficiency and keeping the business's costs low for its day-to-day activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. C
Adequate first-aid supplies. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires companies of all sizes to have adequate first-aid supplies available for use. Employees should find out where these supplies are located before an accident has the chance to happen. It would also be beneficial for employees to know how to use the first-aid supplies. OSHA does not require companies to have back-up power sources, replacement office equipment, or emergency generator units.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: University of Wyoming. (2010, April). First Aid Kit Basics: OSHA 1910.51. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.uwyo.edu/ehs/_files/docs/factsheets/firstaidkitbasics.pdf
81. A
Support services. Support services are the technical or complicated activities that project members cannot do themselves. After you decide what type of additional help you might need to complete the project, you should identify the other people, organizations, and businesses that need to be involved in the project. Maybe you need the help of trained professionals to use complex equipment or different types of transportation. While determining the type of work that needs to be done, you might identify technical equipment. However, it is possible that a member of the group knows how to use this equipment. In many cases, it will not be possible to identify alternative tasks or replacement items. Then, it will be necessary to locate support services.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
82. B
Communication. Communication is an exchange of information, which is an important part of project planning. In order for a project to succeed, everyone involved in developing and carrying out the project needs to know the goals, strategies, and expected outcomes of the project. Sufficient information needs to be communicated during all phases of planning in order for those involved to be able to provide input and to perform their assigned tasks. Orientation is job preparation or induction training for new employees. Compensation is wages, incentives, and benefits offered to an employee. Negotiation involves compromise in order to resolve a problem or dispute.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Portny, S., Mantel, S. J., Meredith, J. R., Shafer, S. M., & Sutton, M. M. (2008). Project management: Planning, scheduling, and controlling projects (p. 357). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
83. A
Standards. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for making comparisons or judgments. Managers often use standards as the basis for evaluating project results. For example, one standard might be financial, such as to increase sales by a certain amount. Then, the manager compares the results with the standard to determine if the project was effective. Techniques are methods or activities that might be used to carry out the project. Resources are items that are needed to complete a project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 258). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
84. C
There are ways to improve. When a business has a quality culture, its employees share the common belief that all functions of the business must consistently achieve the established standards of excellence and that employees must continuously look for ways to improve those standards. Employees with a quality-culture mindset are always looking for ways to increase personal work efficiency, streamline processes, maximize creativity, and improve products and customer-service levels. A business with a quality culture believes that each employee has valuable ideas, that changes are necessary for improvement, and that teamwork and cooperation are important for achieving the business's goals.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2012). Business management (13th ed.) [p. 99]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
85. C
To attract customers. Customers usually prefer to shop at businesses that are clean and neat. Keeping the selling area in good condition promotes an image that appeals to customers and encourages them to buy. Customers are more likely to be attracted to clean businesses, which often leads to an increase in sales. Businesses do not keep their selling areas neat and clean in order to satisfy inspectors, please vendors, or interest employees.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [p. 328]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Prentice Hall.
86. B
Collect information. Courtney is collecting information about the man's order so she can find out why it hasn't arrived on time. The problem has already been defined—the man's order is missing. Courtney isn't stating assumptions by asking for this information. And she can't evaluate the solution yet because she hasn't chosen one at this point.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Problem Solving)
87. C
Self-critical. Few things stop creativity like criticism. Censoring your ideas limits the number of ideas you have and often limits the quality of those that do appear. Independence, curiosity, and determination are traits that creative people often have in common.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Rieck, D. (n.d.). 8 bad habits that crush your creativity and stifle your success. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.copyblogger.com/creativity-killers/
88. A
Marketing department meeting at 1:30. A marketing department meeting at 1:30 is an item that belongs on a daily "to-do" list. Researching five career paths and reading 20 articles from BusinessWeek are items that belong on a weekly or monthly "to-do" list. Moving to New York City is a goal, not an item for a "to-do" list.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
89. A
Give name clearly. Effectively beginning the interview is very important because first impressions are often long-lasting. One technique for getting off to a good start is to smile and give your name clearly when you greet the interviewer. This sends a positive signal to the interviewer and creates a good impression. It is inappropriate to tell jokes because the applicant probably does not know the interviewer personally. Interviewees should speak in a normal tone of voice. The interviewer should take the initiative.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 136-137). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
When they are no longer interested in the job. One of the reasons for sending follow-up letters is to be courteous and thank interviewers for their time. Applicants who have interviewed with a business should send follow-up letters even if they are no longer interested in the job, because that will help to build a positive relationship. At some point in the future, applicants may want to be considered for other positions with that company, and their courteous behavior in the past will be remembered. Follow-up letters are not submitted with application forms, sent with résumés, or before agreeing to pre-employment testing.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. B
Networking. Networking involves communicating with all of the people an individual knows who might be able to help with career opportunities. Research indicates that more people get jobs and advance in their careers through networking than through any other way of finding employment. Individuals who network regularly often are able to obtain the positions they want and move up the career ladder. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution. Interviewing involves meeting with a prospective employer in the anticipation of being offered a position. Mentoring involves an experienced worker acting as a guide to new employees.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 419]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. A
Real estate appraiser. A real estate appraiser determines the value of a specific property. A real estate agent or broker assists buyers and sellers in the process of purchasing or selling property. An underwriter works in the insurance industry and calculates the risk of loss, establishes premium rates, and designs policies to cover risk. An actuary assesses risk using statistical analysis.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services)
93. C
Investment banking. Investment banks trade securities, help businesses and governments issue securities, and handle the financial side of mergers and acquisitions. Financial planners help individuals make financial and investment decisions. They may also buy and sell certain financial products, such as securities, retirement plans, and insurance policies. A brokerage house is the most common type of firm that specializes in trading securities for clients. A stock exchange is where security trading is conducted by professional stockbrokers.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
94. B
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Finance professionals can enhance their professional standing and career-advancement opportunities by obtaining various certifications and licensures. The CFA certification is a comprehensive certification that requires participants to pass three levels of exams. The CFA certification is beneficial to finance professionals who focus on the long-range financial well-being of businesses and organizations. Insurance underwriters obtain the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification. Loan officers obtain a CLO certification. Finance professionals who specialize in annuities obtain the Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS) certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Kolakowski, M. (n.d.). CFA: Chartered Financial Analyst. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://financecareers.about.com/od/cfa/a/cfa.htm
95. D
Networking. Networking is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development or advancement. Because the financial-services marketplace is very competitive, financial-services professionals and businesses need to communicate with other individuals and businesses to build clientele and promote their products. By participating in groups and speaking with other professionals, financial-services professionals can build new business relationships, obtain referrals, and acquire leads to increase clientele. Product development is the process of creating new goods and services. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique. Market segmentation is dividing a large market into small markets.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (p. 186). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. C
The best form of risk management is adherence to business ethics. Every breach of business ethics represents a potential risk for businesses. The best thing businesses can do to overcome most risks is to do the right thing—practice business ethics. Risk management includes the ethical treatment of customers as well as a variety of other factors. Insurance is one way to overcome business risks; however, risk management is much more than insurance.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Lawrence, M. (n.d.). Business ethics as risk management. Retrieved November 14, 2011, from http://www.allbusiness.com/finance/insurance-risk-management/577644-1.html
97. C
Passwords. Businesses must take precautions to secure their confidential information. To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential information, businesses often assign computer passwords to allow authorized employees to view secured information. This reduces the risk of confidential information getting into the wrong hands. Encryption, rather than decryption, is a way to protect information. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that unauthorized users are not able to read it. Groupware applications are software programs that allow several computer users to access the same information from different locations. Spooling is the process of transferring computer data to a temporary location so the data can be retrieved and processed through a different computer program.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 358-359). South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. D
Financial losses in relation to lawsuits. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. An important aspect of risk management involves complying with laws. If a business does not comply with laws, then it may face a lawsuit. If the business loses the lawsuit, it may be required to pay money to the plaintiff. For example, if an employee is severely injured on the job, s/he might decide to file a lawsuit against the business for negligent behavior. If the court finds that the business acted negligently because it didn't follow safety regulations, then the business may be required to pay the employee, which is costly to the business. Acquiring insurance that offers lower premiums saves the business money and is not always related to business regulations. Customer-satisfaction levels are not always related to the business's compliance issues. Businesses that develop and implement effective reporting methods can minimize their risk in relation to compliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 524-526, A-13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
99. D
Monitor regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. If a business does not comply with laws, the government may fine the business, which could result in substantial financial losses. Therefore, it is important for a business to continuously monitor government regulations to ensure that it is in compliance, and make changes, if necessary, to become compliant. Evaluating competitors, obtaining customer feedback and allocating operating funds are not actions that will reduce risks associated with noncompliance.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: BankersOnline.com. (n.d.). Compliance risk. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://www.bankersonline.com/tools/riskmgt_compliancerisk.doc
100. A
It determines the minimum reserve requirements in financial trading. Different measures can result in a lower or higher minimum reserve requirement, which results in a lower or higher profit for the financial institution. Although it does not designate the audience that will receive the resulting financial reports, some financial measures should be used for internal purposes while other measures are more appropriate for external audiences. The number of clients to serve and the types of risks to be encountered are not aspects of selecting a risk measure.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Eling, M. & Tibiletti, L. (2008, August 20). Internal vs. external risk measures: How capital requirements differ in practice. Retrieved September 11, 2013, from http://web.econ.unito.it/tibiletti/docs/TCM-TCE%202008-08-20.pdf
Test Sample 2015
Finance Cluster Exam
1. C
Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Contract law recognizes contracts as voluntary promises that must be fulfilled. If Business A fails to honor its agreement to supply Business B with a good or service, Business A is in breach of contract. This is a situation that is covered by contract law, and Business B would be able to appeal to the legal system to enforce the contract. Trade law deals with transactions between nations. Antitrust laws deal with restraint of trade. Property law deals with real property.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2008). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 274]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Interest is charged. When an individual or business charges interest on money that another individual or business borrows, a debtor-creditor relationship exists. An invalid contract and a sale that is paid in full at the time of transaction do not establish a debtor-creditor relationship. In some situations, a debtor may liquidate stocks to pay a creditor; however, this does not always occur.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Encyclopedia Britannica. (2014). Debtor and creditor. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/1362624/debtor-and-creditor
3. A
Pump and dump. Pump and dump is an investment scam that takes place mostly online. Scammers buy a small stock and then hype it up to other investors, causing its price to rise. When the price is high, the scammers sell their stock, leaving the victims to deal with the rapid price decline afterwards. A pyramid scheme is an illegal form of multi-level marketing in which emphasis is placed on collecting initial fees from as many people as possible. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: QS LAP 50—Play By the Rules
4. B
Tax deduction. The government does not require individuals and businesses to pay tax on income under certain circumstances, such as charitable contributions. Estate allocation involves dividing or designating a person's assets among his/her beneficiaries. Tax-deferred investments are financial products that are taxed at the time of disbursement.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Perez, W. (n.d.). Tax deductions for charity donations. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://taxes.about.com/od/deductionscredits/a/CharityDonation.htm
5. C
Corrective. Corrective controls are initiatives taken to fix a problem that has already been detected. Hiring a compliance officer to monitor financial processes is a corrective action because someone had already detected data inconsistencies. Preventative controls involve actions to keep something from happening before it occurs. Product controls are activities the business uses to manage the processes, quality, and quantity of goods and services. Conditional controls allow certain actions to occur within a specific set of circumstances.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Internal controls: Notes 2. (n.d.). Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://intraweb.stockton.edu/eyos/internal_audit/content/docs/icnote2.pdf
6. A
At its source. To prevent an intermediary from tampering with transactional data, continuous-inspection compliance technology such as a virtual auditor must have access to the information at its source. Because continuous-inspection technology works continually to identify errors and violations, it needs access to transactional information as the transactions actually occur, not biweekly. Rather than reviewing samples of transactional information to verify compliance, the technology must have access to all transactional data. Liquidity ratios are not relevant to a conversation about continuous-inspection compliance technology.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Marks, N. (2010, March 8). The difference between continuous controls monitoring and the continuous inspection of transactions. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://normanmarks.wordpress.com/2010/03/08/the-difference-between-continuous-controlsmonitoring-and-the-continuous-inspection-of-transactions/
7. D
Is the information in this source up to date? It's important for Tyrone to find information that's recent. This isn't always important, but in a field like business, an article from 20 years ago probably won't be very beneficial. Although it's certainly helpful if the information is interesting and easy to read, it's not necessary. Likewise, relevant graphic aids might be nice, but Tyrone should be more concerned with the information he finds in the source. Tyrone should be looking for information that's factually correct; he shouldn't let his personal biases affect which sources he includes.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Long Island University. (n.d.). Library workshop manual: Section 4-evaluating information. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www2.liu.edu/cwis/cwp/library/workbook/evaluate.htm
8. A
Ask her supervisor to clarify the directions. If there is any concern about the assignment directions, Theresa needs to clear those up by speaking to her supervisor. Even though talking with her supervisor may delay the completion of the project, it is better to finish the assignment correctly than turn in work that doesn't meet the supervisor's intent. Theresa should submit accurate work and not expect her supervisor to fix mistakes. Restarting the assignment without clarifying the directions may lead to work that doesn't meet the supervisor's intent. Instead of emailing coworkers, Theresa needs to get clarification from the person who wrote the directions. Any input the coworkers give is simply their opinions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 175). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
9. C
Paraphrasing. Message recipients use many techniques to encourage and indicate their understanding of a speaker's message. In the example, Jack is paraphrasing to verify his understanding of Wendi's statement. Paraphrasing involves restating a message in other words to confirm the message recipient's understanding. To use paraphrasing effectively, the message recipient must actively listen to the speaker's message. Paraphrasing does not involve expressing an opinion. Quoting involves reciting or writing a thought, idea, or statement using the speaker's exact words.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2014). Active listening. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/ActiveListening.htm
10. A
To communicate information. The purpose of developing and using graphics in business reports is to communicate information. In most cases, graphics are used to explain complex information or to highlight information that is of the most importance. The use of graphics often adds interest and makes the information easier to understand. Graphics are not used to entertain the audience, fill up the page layout, or highlight reference material.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 362]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. C
No paragraph indents. Many businesses use the full-block method to format business letters. All components of the letter (date, address, greeting, body, closing, signature block) use left justification, which means all text is aligned on the left side of the margin. Writers using the full-block format do not indent the first sentence of each paragraph. Other formatting characteristics of full-block letters are the use of single-spacing within the paragraphs and the use of double-spacing between the paragraphs.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. A-11]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. B
Collection letter. A collection letter is a type of persuasive message that many businesses write to customers who are delinquent in making payments on their accounts. The purpose of the collection letter is to persuade customers to send payment or to contact the business to make some type of arrangement. Collection letters should not offend customers but should convince them to respond immediately. Many businesses write electronic mail, handwritten notes, and interoffice memos, but these types of messages are not necessarily persuasive.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 306-307]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. C
Short. A characteristic of a simple written report is that it usually is short and to the point. The purpose of writing simple reports is to present basic information in an abbreviated form so that the recipients can read it quickly and use the information in their decision making. Simple written reports are informal rather than formal. They should address the issue in simple terms rather than present abstract information. Simple written reports provide the basic points rather than detailed information.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [p. 394]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. D
Downward, upward, and lateral. Communication in a business with a formal staff communication system usually moves in three directions—up, down, and sideways. Upward communication is from employees to management, downward communication is from management to employees, and lateral is communication between staff members on the same level. Grapevine communication is unofficial information passed from one person to another in writing or through conversation. An informal communication system usually has an active grapevine. The other alternatives are not types of communication.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 11-14]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. B
They may be fired. More people lose their jobs because they can't get along with other people than for any other reason. Establishing positive customer/client relations is very important to a business's success. Employees who damage customer relations are not likely to be promoted or given awards. Benefits cannot be taken away for misconduct.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 96, 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
16. C
Customers' confidence in the business increases. Customers' confidence in a business grows when the business provides accurate answers to their product questions. They feel the sales staff are knowledgeable, which also gives customers more confidence in the products they buy. Customers are less likely to need to return products when their questions about those products have been answered, and their total purchases are more likely to increase than decrease. Customers may need to ask fewer questions when their inquiries are handled in an effective manner.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 548-550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
17. A
Being patient, flexible and empathetic. So that businesspeople don't do something that will offend their clients, they should adapt their communication styles with clients from different cultures. To develop positive relationships with international clients, businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about their clients' cultures, customs, and social values. Adapting communication styles requires businesspeople to be patient, flexible, empathetic, respectful, confident (but not overly so), honest (transparent), and sensitive to their clients' cultures and customs. Projecting biased, demanding, manipulative, or indifferent attitudes may offend the clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Buckler, C., & Moore, K. (n.d.). Module 3: Cross-cultural communication. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://pdfcast.org/pdf/module-3-cross-cultural-communication
18. B
Accurate information. Financial professionals often invest money for clients. As a result, they should provide clients with accurate information about the performance of possible investments. Some investments are more secure than others. Those clients who do not want to take risks should know which investment options are the safest. Financial professionals have this information and should supply it to clients. Financial professionals do not necessarily offer payment options. Not all financial professionals supply credit counseling. Financial professionals usually do not supply clients with bank statements.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: CFP Board. (2014). Code of ethics & professional responsibility. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.cfp.net/for-cfp-professionals/professional-standards-enforcement/standardsof-professional-conduct/code-of-ethics-professional-responsibility
19. C
Can become inaccurate over time. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data are often referred to as “perishable” data because while the data are true at the time they are recorded, the data are likely to become inaccurate over time. For example, someone's address or phone number may change as the result of a move. CRM data are sometimes duplicated, non-standardized, unformatted, junk, or garbage, but those characteristics alone do not make them perishable.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: ReadyContacts. (n.d.). CRM data cleansing & enrichment—Data management best practices. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.readycontacts.com/crm-datacleansing-enrichment-data-management-best-practices/#
20. A
All economic resources are limited. Economic resources are items that can be used to produce goods and services, and they are in limited supply. The categories of economic resources are natural resources, human resources, and capital goods. Some natural resources, such as forests, can be replaced, but others, such as oil or coal, cannot. Consumer goods are products that are purchased and consumed by their ultimate users. Economic resources are the inputs of production.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
21. B
Environmental. Access to raw materials, availability of natural resources, amount of pollution, and a business's location are examples of environmental factors affecting the business environment. Cultural factors involve customers' values, preferences, beliefs, etc. Economic factors relate to how people generate revenue to obtain desired goods and services. Government stability and laws are political factors that operate in the business environment.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: EC LAP 26—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting Business Environment)
22. C
What products will be produced. Some of the factors that affect the decision as to what will be produced include which items are profitable, what consumers want and need, and what resources are available. Who will do the production and how products will be produced are not basic economic questions. How products will be allocated depends upon the type of economic system.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
23. B
Regulated monopoly. These companies are allowed to exist when legislators believe that one large company can more efficiently serve consumers than several small ones. Price discrimination is an illegal activity in which a business charges customers different prices for similar products. Price competition occurs when businesses use prices to attract scarce customer dollars. Nonprice competition occurs when businesses compete on a basis other than price.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
24. C
Income. Income tax is a tax on profit. When businesses earn a profit from supplying goods and services to consumers, they pay a certain percentage of that profit to the government. The tax that businesses pay on the profits they earn is not an example of excise or sales tax. Property tax is a tax on material goods rather than on profit.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
25. B
Purchasing power. Purchasing power is a consumer's ability to purchase goods and services. The rate of inflation, the percentage of change in price levels, has a major effect on purchasing power because when inflation is high, a dollar will not buy as much. For example, if the rate of inflation increases from last year to this year, $1.00 will buy less this year than it did last year. If inflation increases and incomes stay the same, people will lose purchasing power and not be able to buy the same amount of goods and services. Money supply is the total quantity of money that exists at one time in a nation. The interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. Export quotas are the restrictions on the quantity of goods that can move out of a country.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: EC LAP 28—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
26. A
Inventory levels. Some factors that affect business cycles are considered internal because they take place within the economic system itself. One internal factor is inventory levels because major changes in inventory levels can create changes in business cycles. When producers are optimistic about business activity, they increase their inventory levels in order to be prepared for the increase in demand. This action expands economic activities. However, if producers are concerned that consumers will not buy the goods in inventory, they cut back on production. This action causes the economy to contract. Political changes, new discoveries, and foreign conflicts are considered external factors because they take place outside the economic system.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
27. D
High-context culture. Since the French-Canadian culture relies heavily on nonverbal communication to get messages across, it is a high-context culture. A low-context culture is one in which people speak more directly. Relying on nonverbal communication does not make a culture more religious, more corrupt, or more ethnocentric (believing their culture is superior).
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
28. C
Initiative. Initiative is willingness to act without having to be told to do so and sometimes includes willingness to accept/seek additional or unpleasant duties. A person with initiative is ready, willing, and able to think and act on his/her own. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Honesty is acting in a truthful, fair manner.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
29. B
Honesty and integrity. Employees demonstrate their honesty and integrity when they refuse to violate the trust a company places in them. Many employees have access to some confidential information and should discuss it only as dictated by company policy. Intelligence is the individual's ability to learn, and initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Orderly and systematic behavior results from being organized and following a plan. Communicating involves exchanging information.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 236). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. D
Valid and based on fact. In order to benefit from criticism, you must take an objective look at it and decide how much of it is valid and based on fact. If it is relevant feedback and points out areas that truly need improvement, work on them. It is not necessary to determine how much of the criticism is short term or long term. In order to benefit from criticism, you need to look past the person who gave you the criticism to the validity of the criticism itself. It is possible to receive valid criticism from someone whom you don't like. If the criticism is difficult to understand, ask your supervisor, coworkers, or others around you for specific suggestions on what to do or how to change.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. C
Use tact when speaking. Tact is the ability to do or to say the right thing in any circumstance. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Using tact is one way to demonstrate empathy. Developing a good imagination is a way to develop empathy. Empathetic individuals refrain from criticizing or giving advice. Ignoring a coworker because s/he is different is prejudicial. Empathetic people are not prejudiced.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
32. C
I consider my own comfort my first priority. The clothing that people choose to wear sends a message to other people and is considered a form of nonverbal communication, or body language. An individual who does not dress appropriately for a job interview is sending a clear message that s/he did not consider the interview important. In this situation, Melanie dressed for her own comfort, rather than dressing in a professional manner. The interviewer is likely to interpret Melanie's nonverbal message to be that she would not like to be hired for the job, does not care about the outcome of the interview, and would not support the bank's image.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 134). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
33. A
Reputation. A manager who has the reputation of being knowledgeable and experienced usually has credibility with employees. Credibility is believability, and employees are more likely to believe a manager who has the appropriate background and ability. Managers who have a reputation of being unethical or poorly informed often have difficulty persuading employees because the managers lack credibility. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, or solutions. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 326]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
34. B
It depends more on emotion than logic. A vision is the future you wish to create. Often, a vision begins with an abstract idea that is based on emotion rather than logic. Because a vision is abstract (indefinite), you must have or develop the tolerance for dealing with abstract terms and ideas rather than facts. For this reason, a step-by-step plan does not always work when a person is working toward a vision for the future. Working toward and achieving a vision requires the willingness to take risks over a long period of time.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This!
35. D
Take personal responsibility for making the changes. When making a plan for improvement, the coachee's job is to take personal responsibility for making the changes. Nothing you say or do to motivate the coachee will be effective if s/he hasn't taken ownership of the need to improve. It's the job of the coach to use questioning skills, provide motivation, and give constructive criticism.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
36. B
Every workplace is different. There are no hard-and-fast rules for treating coworkers with fairness and respect because every workplace is different, and each group of workers is different. Businesses would not object to having fairness rules, but since this is not feasible, they often set policies for employees to follow. Fairness rules would not necessarily be difficult to remember. Workers need training or policies to follow since most people do not automatically know how to be fair.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
37. C
Dividends. A dividend is a sum of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The corporation usually pays dividends by check to stockholders on a quarterly basis. The stockholder can deposit the dividend check into a savings or checking account or convert it to cash. Credit, deposits, and cash are not forms of income that are earned by owning stock.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 212). South-Western Cengage Learning.
38. D
Impulsive spending. Choosing to buy an item at the check-out counter is a classic example of impulsive spending. Poor use of credit may or may not be involved. Choosing not to buy the item would illustrate financial control and would be a good example of smart shopping.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
39. B
Education. Education is a financial want rather than a financial need. Financial needs are the basics that are necessary for survival. Food, clothing, and shelter are necessary for survival, but education isn't.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
40. B
Track the amount of money she has spent. A check is a negotiable instrument or bank draft made payable to a specific party for a specific amount of money. A check serves as a written promise to the check bearer that money is available in the issuer's bank account. Checks are a common form of financial exchange. Both individuals and businesses use checks to pay for goods and services such as rent, utilities, food, and supplies. When writing a check, an individual or business keeps a check register that records information about the transaction. This information includes the date the check is written, to whom the check is made payable, the amount of the check, and the check number. The register is a central location to record and track all of the checks written and the amount of money spent. Check registers do not help the check issuers determine when to add funds to a savings account, understand the checking account's restrictions and fees, or decide when to order new checks.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 159]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
41. A
To avoid being denied credit. Individuals should periodically validate their credit histories to make sure that the information is correct. In some cases, inaccurate or false information may appear in a credit history, which will result in an individual being denied credit. To make sure this doesn't happen, individuals should review the information and contact the credit bureau to change or remove inaccurate information. Individuals do not validate their credit histories to understand credit laws, find out about different types of credit, or protect themselves from slander.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 182-184]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
42. B
Credit union. Credit unions are essentially cooperatives providing financial products and services to a group of individuals who work for the same employer or share some other common interest or characteristic. Only members may save at or borrow from a credit union. Credit unions offer many different types of accounts, including interest-bearing checking accounts, also called share-draft accounts. Mortgage companies, insurance companies, and Certified Public Accounting (CPA) firms are not deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Cady, D.F. (2008). 2008 Field guide to financial planning (p. 56). Erlanger, KY: The National Underwriter Company.
43. C
Treasury bills. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including money markets. Money markets involve the buying and selling of short-term, low-risk financial products such as treasury bills, which are issued by the government. Stock, agricultural goods (soft commodities), and technology are often highrisk investments.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2014). Money markets: Treasury bills. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket2.asp
44. A
Desire for illiquid assets. Liquid assets are financial assets such as stocks that can easily be converted into cash. Illiquid assets, therefore, are assets that cannot be easily converted into cash or sold without a significant drop in their value. Subprime mortgage assets, for example, became illiquid assets during the recent financial crisis. Financial firms don't merge because they want illiquid assets that are worth very little. Instead, financial convergence and consolidation may be driven by financial companies' desire to acquire more liquid capital. Technological advances, financial deregulation, and a desire for lower costs have also contributed to financial convergence and consolidation.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
45. A
When consumer spending increases. Increased consumer spending usually indicates that the economy is growing and unemployment is low. Because more people are working, they have more money to invest in the financial markets. Higher interest rates make it more expensive for businesses to obtain the funds they need to expand their operations and typically causes stock prices to decrease. A bear market exists when stock prices decrease, and a bull market exists when the stock prices increase.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 220). South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. C
Routinely inspect equipment. Some businesses operate equipment that may present a safety hazard if the equipment is not operating properly. As a result, certain health and safety regulations require these businesses to routinely inspect equipment to make sure it is safe. In some cases, government inspectors routinely visit the business to inspect equipment. If the inspectors find that the equipment is malfunctioning, they have the authority to force the business to stop using the equipment until it has been repaired and inspected again. Health and safety regulations do not require businesses to purchase new machinery, offer exercise programs, or install security cameras.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety. (2009, March 1). Effective workplace inspections. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.ccohs.ca/oshanswers/prevention/effectiv.html
47. C
Herd behavior among investors. Although financial globalization tends to increase investors' access to many different financial markets, financial globalization also seems to increase the risks of speculative bubbles and herd behavior among investors. Herd behavior involves individuals who act together as a group without any planned direction. It is usually irrational and driven by emotions. In good times, investors hurry to join others in a buying frenzy. But, in bad financial times, fearful investors join others in a rush to get out of risky markets. By diversifying their funds in many different countries, investors are able to diversify their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. To enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, many countries have lowered their taxes on international financial transactions.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author.
48. A
7.58%. The net asset value of a mutual fund is the dollar value for one share of its stock. To find the net asset value, first subtract the total liabilities from the total assets to calculate the fund's total value ($7,950,000 - $5,600,000 = $2,350,000). Then, divide the fund's total value by the number of shares outstanding ($2,350,000 ÷ 31,000,000 = 0.0758 = 7.58%).
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Brechner, R. (2009). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers: Annotated instructor's edition (5th ed.) [pp. 758-759]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. C
1.05%. A stock's current yield is a measure of the amount of last year's dividend as a percentage of the stock's current price. To calculate the current yield on Macy's stock, divide last year's dividend per share by the current price per share ($0.20 ÷ $18.99 = 0.0105318 = 1.05%).
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Brechner, R. (2009). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers: Annotated instructor's edition (5th ed.) [pp. 737-740]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. D
Natural. Natural risks are chances of loss that result from natural phenomena, such as a severe storm. Human risks are chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability, such as dishonesty. Economic risks are risks caused by changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, a change of product, or failure of a business—such as competition. Financial risks involve the money of the business—the capital. Financial risks are the basic risk in marketing.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
51. D
Transparent. When financial information is fully disclosed and is presented in a clear, understandable way, it is transparent. Transparent information is not buried in a document or presented in a way that deliberately confuses the reader. Relevant information consists of data that are helpful to users of the information. Timely information is current or up to date. Flexible data are often used in or applicable to different situations. Alana's report may or may not contain flexible, relevant, or timely information.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
52. A
$6,500. Total cash receipts is the total of all of the sources of income that the business lists under cash receipts. Total cash receipts includes cash sales. Only collected money, not monies owed to the business from credit sales, is recorded under cash receipts. In this example, only cash sales of $6,500 is part of total cash receipts. Total cash paid out includes cost of goods sold and all other business expenses.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
53. B
Spend their money. A budget estimates how a business will earn and spend its money. Businesses use budgets to estimate how they will spend the money they earn as income. Businesses have expenses, and budgets help businesses plan how to allocate income in order to pay those expenses. Businesses do not use budgets to calculate their assets, file their taxes, or depreciate their assets.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
54. B
Capital budgeting. A financial-information management system is a set of processes, people, and equipment used to gather, store, organize, and provide financial information to decision makers. A financial manager might use a financial-information management system to make capital budgeting decisions. Capital budgeting involves developing a plan to acquire and finance long-term business assets. Financial managers would not use a financial-information management system to schedule employees. Although a financial-information management system might be useful when selecting vendors or adding/dropping products, those decisions would not be made by financial managers.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 341). South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. D
Steward. Financial-information management's stewardship function involves protecting financial data from tampering, loss, unauthorized access, and unauthorized use. While a financial-information management professional's job responsibilities might include interpreting or analyzing financial data, those are not the functions that s/he is carrying out when protecting the financial information. An agent is an intermediary who assists in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but does not take title to them.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Bloomfield, R. (2009, October 28). Stewardship, financial reporting, and investment. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.fasri.net/index.php/2009/10/stewardshipfinancial-reporting-and-investment/
56. D
Consistency. Master data management involves the collection, storage, accessibility, and maintenance of the business's nontransactional data (e.g., product, employee). Effective master data management involves providing consistent, accurate data for all employees who use the data throughout the organization. An important aspect of master data management is ensuring that the organization uses one rather than several versions of a particular computer application. Effective master data management applications reduce the replication of data records. Master data management applications often handle complex data; however, if the complex data are not consistent, the data are not useful to the employees who use it.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Wolter, R., & Haselden, K. (2006, November). The what, why, and how of master data management. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://msdn.microsoft.com/enus/library/bb190163.aspx
57. B
Data mining. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns of information and correlations among information. Businesses use the information they obtain from data mining to make business decisions, such as analyzing and determining the customers who possess the highest buying potential. By having this type of information available, businesses can target their marketing efforts to these customers. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Surveying is a marketing research technique that involves asking customers questions to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Industry forecasting involves making predictions of the future prospects for entire industries (e.g., housing, retailing).
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 172-173]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. A
Artificial neural networks. Three common data mining techniques are artificial neural networks, decision trees, and the nearest-neighbor method. An artificial neural network is a data-mining technique often used to review financial records to identify possible errors and questionable entries. Decision trees, on the other hand, are commonly used to classify data and build models. The nearest-neighbor method classifies data records according to similar historical data. A dashboard is a data-mining tool that summarizes a business's financial data and presents that information in easy-to-read charts and/or tables.
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Silltow, J. (2006, August 1). Data mining 101: Tools and techniques. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from https://iaonline.theiia.org/data-mining-101-tools-and-techniques
59. A
Revenue recognition. The primary function of budgeting software is to help a business forecast and monitor income and expenses for all of its functions, including sales, promotion, production, payroll, etc. Advanced software can generate different types of reports by integrating financial data from a variety of sources (e.g., cash flows) to help the business make decisions about how to best manage its money. Because an important aspect of budgeting involves knowing how much money the business has at any given time, revenue recognition applications help the business track various sources of revenue. Analyzing the amount of revenue available helps the business determine how to allocate funds to cover its various cash outflows, such as capital expenses, inventory purchases, and operating (e.g., workflow) expenses.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Centage Corporation. (2001-2014). Compare Budget Maestro budgeting software products. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://centage.com/Products/Editions/Budget-MaestroCompare.asp
60. D
Financial scorecard. Many financial analysis applications include the capability to create financial scorecards containing key financial indicators and up-to-date financial information. Cash flow, liquidity, profitability, and liability are examples of metrics that are often included on a financial scorecard. Rather than simply listing data on the scorecard, business employees can use financial analysis applications to develop charts and graphs that present the data in much more readily understandable ways. A profit-andloss statement is a summary of business transactions that shows net profit before and after taxes by analyzing sales, purchases, cost of goods sold, and operating expenses for a specified period. While Lawrence's financial scorecard probably contains information that also appears on the company's profitand-loss statement, the financial scorecard presents additional financial metrics. Cost standards are established specifications used to measure how much a project or product costs. An operating agreement is a written document signed by members of a limited liability partnership or limited liability company that specifies the terms of the business arrangement.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: iDashboards. (2004-2014). Scorecards. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.idashboards.com/Solutions/For-Your-Function/Scorecards.aspx
61. B
Data-definition. Running a query in a database is the equivalent of giving the database instructions for working with specific data. Data-definition queries tell the database to create, delete, or modify other database objects. Select and crosstab queries are used to retrieve specific data and present them in reports. A pass-through query tells the database engine to pass the query to a remote database server for processing.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2014). Run a query. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/access-help/run-a-query-HA010077157.aspx
62. C
Manager. Managers are internal users of a business's financial data. Managers use these data—often in the form of custom-designed financial reports—to control day-to-day operations and to make financial decisions and plans that affect the business. They rely on the data to help them make smart decisions, so it is imperative that the data are reported accurately. Investors, creditors, and government tax collectors also use a business's financial data, but they are all considered to be external users of the data because they do not work for the company.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Finance Maps of World. (2013, June 26). Users of financial statements. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://finance.mapsofworld.com/financial-report/statement/users.html
63. D
Use the information to make financial decisions. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. The finance function is responsible for obtaining funds and managing the business's money in ways that achieve the business's goals. The financial records that are maintained and prepared by the accounting function are analyzed by the finance function of the business, which uses the information to make decisions about how to achieve the business's goals. Adjusting journal entries, tracking accounts receivable, and calculating ratios (e.g., equity) are tasks carried out by a business's accounting department.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. A
The managerial accounting system is useful for planning and internal decision making. Businesses use managerial accounting systems for internal use. These systems help managers plan, control resources, and make decisions for various segments of the company. For example, the managerial accounting system often involves obtaining financial information to determine if the business should order more goods for inventory or if it should hire additional production workers. The government requires businesses to use the financial accounting system to report their financial positions to external users. The financial accounting system involves reporting financial information in certain ways by applying the generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The government does not require businesses to use managerial accounting systems, so the ways in which managerial accounting systems obtain and use information are flexible.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Ahmed, S. (2014, March 20). Difference between financial and managerial accounting (financial accounting vs. managerial accounting). Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.accounting4management.com/financial_accounting_vs_managerial_accounting.h tm
65. A
Timing. The cash accounting system involves recording transactions when the business receives or spends money. Businesses that use the accrual accounting system record their transactions at the time they occur—regardless of when money is exchanged. Scope, frequency, and complexity are not primary differences between the cost and accrual accounting systems.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Nolo.com. (2014). Cash vs. accrual accounting. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/cash-vs-accrual-accounting-29513.html
66. A
Comparative statement. A comparative statement is a financial report that compares the same types of data from different periods of time (e.g., year to year). Comparative statements help businesses identify changes and trends in a business's production activities including production rates, raw-material costs, product quality, etc. Businesses also use comparative reports to evaluate other business activities such as sales, accounts-receivable, and payroll. Frequency is a quantitative measure of the average number of times a target consumer is exposed to an advertising message.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2014, August 1). What is a comparative statement? Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-comparative-statement.htm
67. B
Liquidity. The creditor wants to know that the business has sufficient cash on hand to meet its obligations. If the creditor determines that the business is unable to meet its current short-term obligations, the creditor most likely will deny the credit request. Profitability is concerned with whether the business is making a profit and whether it's sufficient to maintain business operations. Efficiency focuses on whether the business is making the best use of its resources. Investment return lets investors and creditors know what return they can expect to get from a business.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Riley, J. (2012, September 23). Accounting ratios—Introduction to ratio analysis. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://tutor2u.net/business/accounts/ratio_analysis.htm
68. B
Guide her decision making. Many businesspeople analyze financial data to make business decisions, such as obtaining a loan with the best interest rates and payment plans. Susan is not analyzing the information to correct inaccurate data, nor is she trying to determine her business's profitability. There isn't enough information available to determine if Susan is trying to solve a business problem.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
69. C
Consistent. An accounting treatment is a set of rules that specifies how to handle specific accounts and transactions such as capital expenditures. The accounting treatment of like items should be consistent within each reporting period and from one reporting period to the next. If a company does not treat a particular account or type of transaction consistently from period to period or year to year, the data become incomparable, less meaningful, and possibly even useless to users of the company's financial information. If investors or financial experts analyze the company's financial data and discover that the accounting treatment of capital expenditures varies—and if the company has no valid explanation for not treating these expenditures the same way during different reporting periods—the investors and financial analysts may avoid investing in that particular company. Therefore, it is usually in a company's best interest to be consistent in its accounting treatment of different accounts and transactions. Accounting treatment of capital expenditures should not be flexible, hedged, or callable over multiple reporting periods.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Shanker, S. (n.d.). Capital expenditure accounting treatment. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/about_7285561_capital-expenditure-accounting-treatment.html
70. B
Help to motivate employees. A good orientation program makes new employees feel welcome, gives them an overview of the business, and helps to motivate them to do their best. Orientation often includes giving the new workers a handbook so that they have a copy of the information being presented. The primary purpose of an orientation session is to provide general information; it is not used to discuss specific job duties, provide in-depth training, or solicit input about organizational processes.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill/Irwin.
71. B
Finding out what the market will purchase. One aspect of determining the target market's buying behavior involves finding out what the market will purchase. Businesses need to know what the market wants in order to provide those products. If the target market does not want or need a business's products, the market will not buy even if the products are readily available and competitively priced. Finding out where the market is located, how the market is organized, and why the market exists are part of determining the target market rather than the target market's buying behavior.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 48, 302, 825). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Storyboard. Business professionals sometimes use graphic organizers to illustrate certain processes or to describe a problem and its solution. A storyboard uses a combination of pictures, graphs, and simple statements to present information in a sequential order. An outline is a general plan giving only the main points of a topic. A draft is the preliminary version of a piece of writing. A proposal is a plan or suggestion. Outlines, drafts, and proposals are not graphic organizers.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Chandel, T. (n.d.). Business analysis tools: Storyboards. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://businessanalyst.tarunchandel.com/2008/09/business-analysis-tools-storyboards.html
73. C
Make sure that information is retrievable. When Carson is unable to find last year's tax return when he needs it, information is not retrievable. This will slow down Carson's productivity on the job. The tax return may or may not be accurate. Setting and following organizational practices and prioritizing according to business needs may or may not relate to Carson's information not being retrievable.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
74. A
Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs. Random Access Memory or RAM is a temporary workspace that stores data and programs that the user is actively using. A computer containing a lot of RAM enables users to open and work on several files and programs at one time. When the user has finished working with a file or program, s/he saves or stores the information permanently on the hard drive. The video card is a component of the system that converts code so the user can view items on the computer monitor. The computer mouse is a tool that enables computer users to enter commands.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Basic computer components. (n.d.). Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://basis-computerhardware-knowledge.blogspot.com/2009/01/basic-computer-components.html
75. D
"Confidence in itself is the secret of success." Many search engines eliminate common words (e.g., the, of, a) as the search is conducted because the words slow down the search process. In addition, the inclusion of common words generally does not improve search result accuracy. When it is necessary to include all words in a search, enclose the phrase in double quotation marks. Search engines do not generally recognize single quotation marks, brackets, or parenthesis as designations to include all words in a web search.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (2014). Search operators. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/136861
76. A
Analyze the information. Most businesses maintain customer records that contain information about what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are spending. By analyzing this information, businesses are able to plan future sales and obtain the products that will appeal to customers and encourage them to buy. Without this type of information, businesses might have no idea what customers will want to buy in the future, or how much they will be willing to spend. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are buying and how much they are spending in order to plan an inventory count, offer quality service, or develop a quality environment.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 128-130]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
77. D
Globalization. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. Several factors influence globalization, including technological advancements (e.g., Internet) and the various trade agreements (e.g., NAFTA) that have decreased trade regulations. The opening of trade in countries, such as India and China, which has permitted more foreign businesses to operate within their borders, has also affected globalization. Socialism is an economic system rather than a trend. Inflation is an economic factor that often affects trends.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Gitman, L.J., & McDaniel, C. (2008). The future of business: The essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 229-230]. Mason, OH; Thomson/South-Western.
78. A
Political. The purpose of an environmental scan is to determine what conditions are affecting the business environment. The environmental scan helps the business to determine what, if any, changes it needs to make, so it remains competitive in the marketplace. Political considerations are important because government changes, such as a civil war or the presidential elections, could indicate the possibility of other changes that might affect a specific country's business environment, including economic, cultural, and regulatory changes.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 65). Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
79. D
Computer-aided design. Computer-aided design is very useful in operations. Designing and testing products in the virtual world before trying them out in the real world can save companies a lot of time and money. Using computer software, a company can design, test, and redesign a product many times over until it's ready for production—all without wasting unnecessary resources. Assistive technology is any device that enables people with disabilities to participate fully in the workplace. The term is too broad to determine whether it would be useful in operations. E-readers are devices that enable people to download electronic books. While smart phones might also be useful in operations, computer-aided design stands out as the most useful and specific technology to enhance this business function.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. C
Increase. During an economic expansion, production, employment, income, sales, the demand for money, and interest rates rapidly increase. As a result, businesses borrow more money (at higher rates) to expand their operations. And, when businesses borrow more at higher interest rates, bond yields go up.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Peter Dag and Associates, Inc. (n.d.). Profitable relationships between economic indicators and financial markets. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.peterdag.com/s_files/O0Yp4aNtyV9X.pdf
81. C
Discourages attempted burglaries. When would-be burglars see surveillance cameras in several locations around a business, they are less likely to attempt to break in because they will be videotaped or photographed by the cameras. When the burglars' actions are taped, law enforcement agencies are more likely to identify and arrest them. Although surveillance cameras don't prevent all burglaries or robberies, they can often deter these activities. Most businesses use a combination of security measures to secure their facilities, including door and window locks and different types of alarm systems. Businesses need and use different types of alarm systems, such as fire alarms or smoke detectors, which are often required by law. Therefore, the use of surveillance cameras does not eliminate the need for alarm systems. Extortion is blackmail and would not necessarily be impacted by surveillance cameras.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 56). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
82. A
Risk levels of doing business with the vendor. If a vendor is not financially stable, there is a risk that the vendor may not have the resources to meet the business's needs. And, if the vendor's financial condition is extremely poor, the vendor may go out of business. A lack of financial resources may affect the vendor's products, its level of customer services, and its lead times.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 252-253]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
83. C
Scheduling. Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Businesses establish schedules in order to have the necessary raw materials and the right number of employees on hand to produce the goods. Scheduling helps businesses to produce the goods that customers need and have those goods available when customers want them. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. Receiving is the acceptance of a shipment of goods.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
84. B
Exceeding customer expectations. “Big Q” focuses on ingraining quality into every aspect of the organization to meet and exceed customer expectations. “Little Q” focuses on conforming to specifications. Neither approach to quality management specifically focuses on improving factory conditions or designing and developing products, although those may certainly be important goals of a quality-management system.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
85. C
Create a favorable impression. The overall impression customers receive as a result of a business's appearance influences their buying behavior. Therefore, performing routine housekeeping duties (e.g., dusting and vacuuming) and maintaining the condition of the equipment, furniture, displays, and fixtures help a business create a good impression. The primary reason for conducting maintenance activities is not to motivate employees or prevent fraudulent behavior. Performing maintenance activities cannot guarantee the success of the business.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 433). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. B
Satisfying your wants. Clear, meaningful goals can also serve as guidelines and help you make better decisions. Enlarging your income might be a personal goal. Establishing goals cannot guarantee immediate success or the avoidance of mistakes.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
87. B
Small businesses. Although many people assume that large businesses are more innovative, innovations often come from small businesses. In fact, some studies show that small entrepreneurial companies create twice as many innovations as large companies. The age of a business does not necessarily affect its innovative abilities.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
88. B
Control events in order to accomplish priorities. All people need to learn how to manage their time. They need to maintain control over the events in their lives so that there is a balance among those events. This involves planning and organizing their personal and professional activities. Time management involves prioritizing activities, but it does not mean setting a fixed schedule and never deviating. Schedules should have some flexibility built in to take care of unexpected events. Time management focuses on making the best use of time rather than on spreading work over a period of time.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
89. B
Allison focuses on her work tasks so she can meet her deadlines. Businesses have basic expectations regarding their employees' behavior in the workplace. Employers expect employees to arrive at work on time; perform their work accurately and efficiently; be honest; and exhibit respect for coworkers, customers, and company property. Because Allison is focused on her work and strives to meet her deadlines, she is meeting her employer's expectations. Engaging in idle chitchat and texting during a meeting are disrespectful actions that waste the company's time and money. Confiding in a customer about problems with coworkers is inappropriate behavior.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 94-97]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. B
Website. Many companies post their job openings on their websites. In most situations, a business has a set of procedures for applicants to follow when they apply for jobs online. Some businesses allow job seekers the ability to set up an account, so they can track and check the status of their applications and receive email updates about new job openings. Employee newsletters do not always contain information about current job openings. Online catalogs provide information about the business's goods and services. Annual reports do not contain information about job openings.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 117). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. B
Is short and typed. A follow-up letter after a job interview should be short and to the point. The purpose is to briefly thank the interviewer. Typed letters are preferred. Follow-up letters do not contain a photo or another résumé. They should not be long and detailed.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 199-201). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. D
Rising concern about fraud and identity theft. One of the impacts of technology on the financial-services industry is rising concern about fraud and identity theft since so many financial products and services are now bought and sold online. Encryption technology helps guard against fraud and theft. Banks have fewer walk-in customers when they offer online banking. Blurred lines between the banking, insurance, and investment industries is the result of deregulation. Greater demand for investment professionals is the result of changing demographics.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: PD LAP 20—Career Opportunities in Finance
93. D
Stockbroker. Stockbrokers are required to obtain a license to trade securities. To obtain the license, stockbrokers must take and pass the General Securities Registered Representative Examination in the United States. In Canada, individuals must pass the Canadian Securities Course (CSC) exam to work as a stockbroker. Exam names vary by country, but in the United States, accountants obtain the Certified Public Accountant (CPA) certification; insurance underwriters obtain the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification; and estate planners obtain the Accredited Estate Planner (AEP) certification.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Morgan, E. (2006, August 21). How to become a stock broker. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-To-Become-A-Stock-Broker&id=275927
94. B
Actively participating in a local professional association for the finance industry. Active participation in a professional organization specific to the finance industry affords finance professionals the opportunity to serve on committees, hold offices, and attend seminars with other local finance professionals. This involvement may result in a long-term professional relationship for the participants. Regularly attending trade shows for the finance industry is more likely to result in short-term relationships. Insufficient information is provided to determine whether the audited classes are for professionals in finance. Actively attending chamber of commerce meetings gives finance professionals the opportunity to develop professional relationships with people employed in a variety of industries—not necessarily with other finance professionals.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 265]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
95. A
Networking. Networking involves connecting with individuals who might help accomplish career and professional goals. By serving on trade association committees, co-authoring articles for publication, and treating business contacts to dinner or golf, Brynn creates situations in which she has the opportunity to get to know other professionals and possibly build relationships that will be beneficial for everyone involved. Cooperating with others shows a willingness to work together to resolve differences or achieve common goals. Although Brynn is cooperating with others while carrying out these activities, her ultimate goal is to build a network of business professionals who can help her to achieve her career goals. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a salesperson suggests a higher priced product than the one originally requested by the customer.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (n.d.). Building business relationships. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/building-business-relationships
96. B
Decreased company value. Once word spreads about the business's unethical behavior, investors will probably withdraw their financial support of the business. This would cause the company's value to decrease. With unethical business behavior, the business can expect whistle-blowing to increase because employees have more activities that they could report. Employees' support for the company is likely to decrease, along with their productivity. The publicity that appears in the media will be negative, not positive.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Ebersole, G. (2007, January 23). Business ethics must be presented, preserved, and promoted. Retrieved August 14, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?id=427951&BusinessEthics-Must-Be-Presented%2C-Preserved-and-Promoted=
97. B
Encryption techniques. Risk management is a business activity that involves implementing activities to limit business losses. One way that businesses control security risks is by using encryption to prevent unauthorized individuals (e.g., hackers) from obtaining confidential financial data. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a code so that only the recipient can read it. A bot is a program that scans the Web looking for information changes. Cross-platform technology refers to computer applications that can run on different platforms, such as Windows and Macintosh. Debuggers are computer programs that help programmers identify flaws or "bugs" in a computer program.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
98. B
Obstruction of justice. Obstruction of justice is a legal penalty that applies to individuals or businesses that hide important information from law enforcement agencies, such as concealing a client's questionable financial data. If evidence indicates that unethical or illegal business practices have obstructed a criminal investigation, the business could be fined, and the employees concealing the information could face imprisonment. A public scandal could severely tarnish a business's reputation, as in the case of the Arthur Andersen accounting firm and its affiliation with Enron. Expropriation is the act of government taking over private property. Breach of contract involves breaking the terms of a legal agreement. Substantiate means to provide proof or evidence of something.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 524-526, 547]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson.
99. D
Reduce the chance of financial losses. Because risk involves the possibility of loss, businesses must be diligent to control their levels of risk. Businesses can experience financial losses in all areas of the business—from product recalls and poor hiring selections to poor credit policies and workplace injuries. Businesses can control their various risks by implementing appropriate business policies, training employees, and acquiring adequate insurance coverage. By controlling financial risk, businesses can limit their debt (liabilities). When businesses have low debt, they increase the potential to earn profit, which contributes to the well-being of society. Businesses increase their visibility in the market in different ways (positive and negative) and are not always related to controlling their levels of risk.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 326). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
100. B
Tax increases. Businesses cannot control when and by how much a government may increase taxes, which are uninsurable. A business's inventory is insurable. Liability insurance can be purchased to transfer the business's risks related to the potential injuries of its employees and customers. Natural disasters such as fire, tornados, and earthquakes are insurable risks.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. A-14]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
Test ST-FIN-10A
Finance Cluster Exam
1. C
U.S. Constitution. There are several sources of law in the United States. One of the main sources is the U.S. Constitution and its amendments which guarantee certain rights to citizens. The Supreme Court interprets laws. The United Nations is an international organization. The Electoral College determines the presidency.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 5]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Cont racts. Business torts are wrongful actions against a business that cause it harm in some way. Disputes concerning contracts are often the basis for businesses suing individuals or other businesses. Many businesses have contractual arrangements with employees or vendors. If these contracts are broken, the business might be harmed and seek compensation through the legal system. Basic torts relating to businesses do not involve disputes concerning assaults, defamation, or emotional stress.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 82-86]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. C
Accounting scandals. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is federal legislation that was passed in response to recent major corporate and accounting scandals. These scandals include Enron and WorldCom which resulted in a loss of public trust in current accounting and reporting procedures. The law established new and improved accounting procedures for public companies and accounting firms. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was not passed in response to recent investment options, tax settlements, or collection activities.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Wikipedia (n.d.). Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarbanes-Oxley_Act
4. D
Luxury. Governments increase their revenues by charging taxes on non-essential, often very expensive goods and services, such as high-end automobiles, rare collectibles, and jewelry. This type of tax is called a luxury tax. An individual who receives a certain amount of money as a gift may be required to pay a gift tax. Property taxes are paid on buildings (e.g., homes) and land. A person who inherits some or all of a deceased person's assets pays an estate tax, which is based on the net value of the assets or estate.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Luxury tax. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/luxury-tax
5. B
Maintain stability. The financial industry is required to comply with various rules and regulations established by government. One of the main functions of compliance is to maintain the stability of the financial industry. By requiring compliance with rules and regulations, the government limits the risks that financial institutions might take. By limiting risks, the government is able to maintain the stability of the financial industry. The function of compliance is not to prevent discrimination, increase profitability, or limit management.
SOURCE: CC:003
SOURCE: Gitman, L. J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 26-27). Boston: Addison Wesley.
6. A
Comparative reasoning. A virtual auditor, which is a type of compliance technology, uses multiple reasoning processes to continuously review financial transactions and processes to identify errors and/or compliance violations. Comparative reasoning is used to identify financial system transactions that are very similar to each other but not exactly alike. For example, after identifying two close matches, comparative reasoning is used to determine if one transaction was entered multiple times or if the two entries in the system are for two separate transactions. Contextual reasoning is used to consider each financial transaction's circumstances and how it compares to historical patterns in the system. Temporal reasoning involves considering the timing of a financial transaction. Cross-source reasoning is used to compare financial transactions and processes in multiple financial systems.
SOURCE: CC:004
SOURCE: Oversight Systems, Inc. (n.d.). IT's role in financial process improvements. Retrieved June 1, 2009, from http://www.oversightsystems.com/whitepapers/IT_4_biz_improvement_060725.pdf
7. A
Identify yourself and your company. Frequently, the person answering the telephone is not the person with whom you wish to speak. When you identify yourself to the other person, you provide the person with an immediate point of reference. It may be inappropriate to state the purpose of the call to the person answering the phone. Asking that person's name would only be appropriate under certain circumstances. Business calls should be made at an appropriate time whenever possible, not simply at any time that is convenient.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 128-129). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
8. B
Who knows the most. Interaction among the group members has a lot to do with the topic at hand—and who knows the most about it. The members want to know who knows the most about the subject. This may or may not be the oldest member, the one who asks the first question, or the one who is the most outgoing.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. D
Attracts attention. An effective oral presentation immediately attracts the attention of the audience and keeps the listeners focused on the message. There are several ways that a person can begin a presentation in order to attract attention. Some examples include asking a question, offering something for free, or making a surprising announcement. People usually gather information and identify possible conflicts before developing an oral presentation. Not all presentations provide a time for discussion.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-334]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. A
Dear Accounting Manager:. The salutation addresses the person to whom you are writing, either by name or by title. It is generally followed by a colon. "Dear Sir" or "Dear Madam" would be incorrect since the gender of the individual is unknown. "Dear" would not be used in writing to a department. A more appropriate form would be "Attention: Accounting Department."
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 306-307]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. C
Collection letter. A collection letter is a type of persuasive message that many businesses write to customers who are delinquent in making payments on their accounts. The purpose of the collection letter is to persuade customers to send payment or to contact the business to make some type of arrangement. Collection letters should not offend customers but should convince them to respond immediately. Many businesses write electronic mail, handwritten notes, and interoffice memos, but these types of messages are not necessarily persuasive.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 306-307]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. C
Short. A characteristic of a simple written report is that it usually is short and to the point. The purpose of writing simple reports is to present basic information in an abbreviated form so that the recipients can read it quickly and use the information in their decision making. Simple written reports are informal rather than formal. They should address the issue in simple terms rather than present abstract information. Simple written reports provide the basic points rather than detailed information.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 337]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
13. D
A customer has complained about the service s/he received. This kind of complaint is the type of information that should be shared with all staff right away since it could affect the entire company. In addition, all staff should be reminded of company policy in such areas. Information about employees' problems is likely to be passed through the grapevine, but it should not be announced to staff. Such business decisions as the transfer of employees or changes in hours are usually announced at an appropriate time after they have been made by management.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 10]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. B
Join in the discussion. For staff meetings to be effective, all employees should participate in the discussion. The purpose of staff meetings usually is to discuss issues that are of importance to the business, or to solve problems. Therefore, employees should join in the discussion rather than remain silent because their ideas and opinions are valuable. Employees should not comment on every detail. Employees should adequately explain their ideas, but it is not effective to start an argument with those who disagree.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 327-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. C
Complete attention. Each customer is entitled to an employee's complete attention. Employees should focus their attention on each customer in turn, not on what is going on around them. Employees are able to provide good service if they pay attention to what their customers want. Employees should not offer unsolicited advice or personal opinions to customers. Employees should provide customers with all available information.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 230]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. A
Policies. Policies are established by businesses to ensure that employees make consistent decisions in handling transactions. All staff should be thoroughly familiar with the business's policies and use them as guidelines. Salespersons should also be familiar with the business's products and promotions, but that information will not help in this situation. Some salespersons are knowledgeable about the business's finances, but that information would also not be useful here.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
17. B
Satisfy the customer. Salespeople should think of each complaint as an opportunity to satisfy the customer and to increase sales. Frequently, customers will make additional purchases at the time of the complaint if they are satisfied with the way in which the complaint was handled. Salespeople should never ask personal questions. The purpose of effectively handling customer complaints is to satisfy customers rather than to get to know them. When customers complain, they are providing the salesperson with feedback.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Townsley, M. (2002). Retail: Business 2000 (p. 126). Mason, OH: South-Western.
18. C
Unable to obtain by themselves. Financial professionals provide many types of services that clients may be unable to obtain by themselves. For example, financial professionals analyze financial data and are able to provide information about the strength and safety of various products. Clients often do not have the ability to track the growth of these products and rely on professionals for guidance and advice. Finance professionals do not provide clients with services that clients usually are not willing to purchase, incapable of understanding, or convinced they do not need.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Gitman, L. J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (p. 26). Boston: Addison Wesley.
19. A
Deleting unformatted data. Data cleansing is the ongoing process of detecting and correcting inaccurate customer relationship management (CRM) data. Data cleansing is conducted to help ensure the usefulness and validity of CRM data. It involves removing duplicate records, updating expired data, identifying garbage data (junk data), completing incomplete records, etc. However, it does not include the deletion of unformatted data. Deleting the data could result in the loss of potentially valuable information. Instead, the unformatted data should be standardized so that it more closely resembles the format of other data in the CRM database.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Knol BETA. (2009). CRM data cleansing & management. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://knol.google.com/k/neil-sequeira/crm-data-cleansing-management/s2w9p78k2qby/1#
20. C
Tap its natural resources. Natural resources can be limited by the lack of technology in a society. Some countries are not able to tap their natural resources because they lack the technology to do so. The state of technology does not limit a country's ability to identify potential workers. Financial assets rather than technology affect whether a country can purchase new equipment or pay for needed supplies.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 83-87). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
21. C
Economizing. Economizing is the process of deciding how scarce resources will be used or which goods and services will be purchased or provided so that the most satisfaction can be obtained. All businesses try to economize in order to obtain the greatest satisfaction from their limited resources. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: The Pennsylvania State University. (2009). Cutting corners and economizing. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://pubs.cas.psu.edu/FreePubs/pdfs/ui345.pdf
22. B
Price rationing. Rationing occurs when there are limited resources, goods, and services. Those who are willing to pay (and have the ability to pay) are able to purchase them. Price incentives relate to profits that motivate people to sell. Limited demand did not occur in this case since there was more demand than supply. Excess supply did not occur in this situation since supply was limited to meet excess demand.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2009). Price rationing. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=price+rationing
23. D
Communist command. In a communist command economy, government decides how much will be produced and sets monthly and yearly production quotas for each business. When a business meets its quota, government may raise it for the next year. If a business fails to meet its quota, it may be penalized. The quota system creates surpluses of some products and shortages of others because government planners do not know enough about what is really needed or wanted by consumers. Production quotas are not set by governments in traditional, socialist command, or market economies.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 93-94). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
24. A
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all advantages of private enterprise.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (Private Enterprise)
25. C
Combat the disadvantages. Businesses use all these methods of combating the disadvantages of labor specialization, which include increased interdependency, increased boredom, decreased pride in work, decreased morale and enthusiasm for the job, increased chance of worker obsolescence because of technological advances, and increased difficulty transferring or obtaining another job. Transferring the risk would mean purchasing insurance, but division of labor is not an insurable risk. The productivity of labor specialization comes from its advantages. The categories of labor specialization are by trade or profession, by task, or by stage of production.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [p. 172]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
26. D
Union shops. In union shops, employees are required to join unions after their probationary period, which usually lasts 30 to 90 days. Although closed shops would be preferred by unions since all employees must belong to the union before they can be hired, closed shops are illegal in all states. In agency shops, all employees are required to pay union dues but do not have to join unions. In open shops, employees do not have to join unions and do not have to pay union dues.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: Answers.com. (2009). Union shop. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/union-shop
27. C
$11.3 million. Government spending includes everything purchased by local, state, and federal governments and ranges from wages paid to military personnel to money spent to buy equipment. However, not all government spending is included in GDP. Transfer payments are not included. These are payments of tax dollars for which the recipients do not produce goods or services. Examples of transfer payments include veterans' benefits and welfare payments. In this situation, determine the amount of government spending that will be included in GDP by adding the wages paid to military personnel and the money spent to buy equipment ($6.5 million + $4.8 million = $11.3 million).
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Clayton, G.E. (2005). Economics: Principles & practices (pp. 342-343). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. A
Cope with criticism. When self-esteem is well maintained, individuals can handle problems more easily, overcome the disappointments that are part of life, and cope with any criticism they may receive. Selfesteem cannot prevent feelings of anger from arising occasionally.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
29. D
Emotional. Feelings, values, and temperament are examples of emotional traits. Emotional traits also include attitudes. Emotional traits may be desirable or undesirable, depending on their nature. Mental traits are those associated with an individual's intellectual abilities. Physical traits include age, gender, height, and build.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
30. C
Showing a lack of interest. Salespeople can express their interest and enthusiasm by varying their tone of voice. A monotone voice is unenthusiastic, and this feeling will be transmitted to the customer. If the salesperson does not sound enthusiastic, s/he cannot create enthusiasm, attract interest, or appear confident.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. C
Trustworthy. Being trustworthy means that people can rely on you to do what you say you will do. Trustworthy people will not tell anything they have been asked not to tell or pass along rumors that might not be true. An efficient person is one who performs in an effective, organized manner. A straightforward person is direct, open, and honest. A tactful person has the ability to do or say the right thing in any circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 9). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
32. A
Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. In this case, criticism is used by the manager to let you know how you can improve your job performance. Internal feedback is feedback that comes from within, or self-evaluation. Positive feedback is feedback involving praise. Destructive criticism is evaluative information that serves only to hurt or discredit someone.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
33. D
Irrational. Thoughts and feelings that are not based on fact are often irrational or unreasonable. While such fears are very real to the people who have them, they must be overcome so that they do not interfere with the individuals' lives. Such feelings may be overcome by sensible, reasonable, or logical thought processes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 366-370]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
34. B
Can be learned. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another's place. If you are not already an empathetic person, you can become one with a bit of effort. It is not necessary for empathy to be taught. It can be learned without great difficulty, and its use has many benefits.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
35. C
Jargon. It is important that employees learn and become proficient in their industry's jargon. Feedback is the receiver's response to the message. Demographics describe the characteristics of a population. Collateral is something of value a borrower promises to a lender to guarantee repayment of a loan.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 230]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
36. C
Standing very close to others when talking. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals. It is sometimes described as "in-your-face" behavior because aggressive people tend to get "in the faces" of people to whom they are talking. Beginning a conversation with strangers, openly expressing negative thoughts, and refusing to do things you don't wish to do are examples of assertive behavior.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
37. C
Installment credit. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. It is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items. Revolving credit is a type of credit account that limits the total amount of money that may be owed and charges interest on outstanding balances. Open or regular credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 685-686). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. A
Can help you achieve larger financial goals. Making purposeful spending decisions, instead of spending out of habit or impulsively, is an important step in achieving larger financial goals. Even small daily savings add up to significant amounts over time. Day -to-day spending does not have to be sacrificed entirely for future financial security, as long as you're aware of your spending and are making purposeful decisions. Small savings every day are a very practical step in reaching your financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
39. A
Education. Education is a financial want rather than a financial need. Financial needs are the basics that are necessary for survival. Food, clothing, and shelter are necessary for survival, but education isn't.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
40. A
The risk of the stock market. The risk of the stock market is not a key factor involved with compounding growth. Compounding growth is earning interest upon interest. The three key factors involved with compounding growth are the amount of money you invest, how long your money is invested, and how much your investment grows each year.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money
41. A
Credit unions, savings and loan associations, and commercial banks. Deposit-taking financial institutions accept funds from customers (depositors) and pay interest on the funds. Credit unions, commercial banks, savings and loan associations (banks), and mutual savings banks are types of deposit-taking financial institutions. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares of the company. Brokerages are financial intermediaries that sell securities. Insurance firms sell insurance and securities. Corporations, brokerages, and insurance firms are not types of deposit-taking financial institutions.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Encyclopedia of Business and Finance. (2009). Financial institutions: Deposit taking. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.enotes.com/business-financeencyclopedia/financial-institutions
42. A
Securities. A financial market is an organized effort or exchange that facilitates the buying and selling of financial assets. There are many types of financial markets, including the securities market, which involves the buying and selling of stock. Money markets facilitate the buying and selling of low-risk, shortterm financial products (e.g., treasury bills). Real estate (property markets) involves the buying and selling of land and buildings. Diversified is not a type of financial market.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 292-293). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. B
Desire for illiquid assets. Liquid assets are financial assets such as stocks that can easily be converted into cash. Illiquid assets, therefore, are assets that cannot be easily converted into cash or sold without a significant drop in their value. Subprime mortgage assets, for example, became illiquid assets during the recent financial crisis. Financial firms don't merge because they want illiquid assets that are worth very little. Instead, financial convergence and consolidation may be driven by financial companies' desire to acquire more liquid capital. Technological advances, financial deregulation, and a desire for lower costs have also contributed to financial convergence and consolidation.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-106, 5-107). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
44. B
Stock prices to increase. Falling interest rates typically cause stock prices to increase. When interest rates fall, it becomes less expensive for companies to acquire funds needed to finance projects and operations. Because their borrowing costs decrease, the companies' earnings often increase. As a result of higher earnings, the companies' stock prices increase as well. Falling interest rates usually cause a positive change in stock prices, not a decrease in stock prices. A stock market crash is a sudden, dramatic decline in stock prices.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Andrews, J.A. (2004). Forces that move stock prices. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.daytradersclub.net/forces-that-move-stock-prices/
45. B
Quickly withdraw their money from the emerging market. When an emerging market suffers an economic decline, market prices are likely to decline as well. Rather than investing more in the emerging market at the lowered prices and helping the emerging market to recover, foreign investors are typically selfinterested. Therefore, they are likely to withdraw their money from the emerging market and invest the funds in more stable markets elsewhere in the world. The loss of foreign investors' funds often wreaks even more havoc on the emerging market. An economic decline is not likely to reduce transaction costs in the emerging market.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide (pp. 5-156, 5-157, 5-158). Columbus, Ohio: Author.
46. A
Assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities are the two major sections that must "balance" on a balance sheet. Cash flow, income, and expenses are important items on financial statements, but they are not the major sections on a balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You
47. B
Price-earnings. The stock table term PE stands for price-earnings. Profit-earnings, percentage-earnings, and price-expenses are not reported on stock tables.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk
48. B
Investments. There are a wide range of investments available to individuals who want the opportunity to increase their worth. Some investments are riskier than others, which means that individuals might lose money rather than make money. Certificates of deposit are safe investments because they pay a guaranteed amount of interest over a specific period of time. Collectibles are a riskier type of investment because the collectible, such as a baseball card, might lose value over time and not have any worth. Certificates of deposit and collectibles are not types of accounts or securities. Certificates of deposit earn interest while collectibles may or may not increase in value.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
49. A
Health. Health insurance covers such medical expenses as hospital bills, doctors' fees, lab charges, and other medical costs. Disability insurance is sometimes called loss-of-income insurance because it pays a percentage of a worker's normal wages to the worker when s/he cannot work because of an illness or injury. Life insurance pays a sum of money at the time of death. Term is a form of life insurance that covers a specific number of years.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 378-381]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
50. B
Place. Place decisions also include where products or supplies will be purchased and how the inventory of products or supplies will be managed. The price section should identify the range of prices to be offered. The promotion section should describe how efforts will be coordinated to increase sales. The product section should describe the quality, variety, and style of goods or services sold by the business.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
51. D
Assets. All the items that a business owns that have value are its assets. Businesses applying for loans usually have their accounting department compute the total value of their assets to present to the lending institution as verification of their ability to repay the loan. Cash, inventory, and equipment are types of business assets whose value would be listed on a balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money
52. C
Value. The value of a business's stock depends on how much profit the business has been able to make over time and the potential of the business to continue making profit. Investors usually are willing to pay more for stock in a business that is earning a significant profit. When investors pay higher prices for stock, the value of the stock increases. Stock is an inanimate object and does not have style or distinguishing features. Goals are objectives. Stock is not identified by brand but by a symbol that designates its name on the stock market.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
53. C
Middle managers. Budgets are often prepared by the ones responsible for managing people and money, including everyone from top executives to middle managers. Middle managers often supervise business departments and are responsible for the financial activities of those departments. Not all employees prepare budgets. Inventory clerks and sales cashiers are entry-level employees who do not prepare a business's budget.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
54. D
Determining resources available to fund a new project. Managers use financial information on many occasions, including when planning strategies, executing strategies, and evaluating the execution of strategies. For example, a manager would use financial information to determine what financial resources are available to fund a new project that s/he is planning. To research the demographics of a new target market, information gathered through market research would be more useful. Financial information is not used to calculate the number of on-the-job injuries or to establish lines of authority within an organization.
SOURCE: FM:001
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). South-Western Cengage Learning.
55. A
Multiple financial data sources and systems within an organization. One of the most common problems faced by financial-information management is multiple financial data sources and systems within an organization. Because of the different, sometimes incompatible data sources and systems, it is often difficult for managers to get a single view of their companies' financials. Therefore, organizational overreliance on a master source and system for financial data is not typically a financial-information management problem. Few companies have a single master source of data nor a single system for recording and reporting the data. Rather than strict organizational data governance policies and processes, most companies suffer from inadequate data governance. Due to increased compliance regulations, most companies have much more financial information than ever before.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Ventana Research. (2009, January). Financial information management benchmark research. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.ventanaresearch.com/executive_summaries/espdfs/Ventana_Research_Financial _Information_Management_Benchmark_Research_Executive_Summary_2009.pdf
56. C
An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information. Businesses have an ethical duty to protect their clients' financial information. Businesses must develop and implement procedures that reduce the risk of theft or unauthorized access to confidential financial information by internal and external sources. Verifying the accuracy of financial statements, requesting financial information to process a loan, and examining financial records to develop a budget are necessary and ethical practices.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 339). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
57. B
Install firewalls. To protect their clients' financial well-being, financial institutions must take great care to ensure that their online systems are safe from hackers. One way financial institutions protect their clients from hackers is by installing firewalls. A firewall is a type of computer security system that interfaces between the business's computer system and the Internet. The firewall protects sensitive information from hacking activities. Encryption is another way that financial-services businesses protect online financial information. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so only the recipient can read it. Intranet refers to a system of networked computers within a business. Limiting the number of online transactions does not secure or protect financial information from hackers.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2002). Management and e-commerce: The online legal environment (pp. 195-196). Cincinnati: West Legal Studies in Business, South-Western College Publishing.
58. A
Data mining. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns of information and correlations among information. Businesses use the information they obtain from data mining to make business decisions, such as analyzing and determining the customers who possess the highest buying potential. By having this type of information available, businesses can target their marketing efforts to these customers. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Surveying is a marketing research technique that involves asking customers questions to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Industry forecasting involves making predictions of the future prospects for entire industries (e.g., housing, retailing).
SOURCE: FM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 172-173]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. A
Budgeting tools. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific timeframe. A budget is an important financial tool that helps the business manage its money. Many web sites provide budgeting tools such as software downloads or free printable worksheets. Legal data, statistical information, and organizational charts are not tools that help small-business owners plan and manage their income and expenses.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: About.com. (2009). Budget worksheet. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://financialplan.about.com/cs/budgeting/l/blbudget.htm
60. C
Financial outcomes. Computer spreadsheet software has the ability to calculate formulas and organize numerical data. When a business inputs different values or sets of numerical data in a spreadsheet, the spreadsheet software calculates the values or sets of data, which provides different outcomes based on the values or sets of data that were used. By reviewing the various outcomes, the business can determine the best course of action to take under particular circumstances; the “what ifs” of specific situations. Production strategies are the activities used to produce goods and services. Distribution methods are the strategies that a business uses to make sure that products are delivered to the right people at the right place at the right time. Accounting standards are the degrees to which accounting practices (financial recordkeeping) meet certain criteria.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
61. A
Queries. Businesses store their financial information in databases. Businesses can retrieve, manipulate, and analyze different types of financial information. To obtain specific information from a computer system, the business must input the type of data and parameters for the data it wants. This process is setting the queries. The query is the mechanism used to obtain the desired information from the database. Symbols might be used to set the query, but not always. Tabs are tools used to indent words and phrases in a word-processing program. Businesses do not set panels to obtain financial data from databases.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2009). What is a database? Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
62. D
Relational. A relational database contains tables of separate, yet related, files or data organized in a computer system. Businesspeople can obtain various types of financial information from the relational database to compare with other information. Abstract, decisive, and ordinal are not types of databases that businesses use to compare financial data.
SOURCE: FM:015
SOURCE: HowStuffWorks.com. (1998-2009). What are relational databases? Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://computer.howstuffworks.com/question599.htm
63. A
Useful information to investors. Investors often rely on the financial information that businesses provide when making decisions about investing in a business. Therefore, a business should accurately report its financial position so investors will be able to makes decisions based on correct information. If a business misrepresents its financial position, investors may lose money because the business is not as profitable as they were led to believe. Misrepresenting financial information on purpose also is a violation of several government rules and regulations. Businesses do not accurately report their financial position to provide summaries of economic indicators, industry forecasts to the media, or price quotations on securities.
SOURCE: FM:004
SOURCE: Gitman, L. J., & Madura, J. (2001). Introduction to finance (pp. 498-501). Boston: Addison Wesley.
64. C
Purchase office equipment. A business monitors its cash flow to determine how much money is flowing into and out of the business. Monitoring cash flow helps the business plan how and when it will pay its bills. If the business is making more sales and the cash inflows are steadily increasing, it may decide to use the cash surplus to buy office equipment (e.g., computers, printers, etc.). Businesses usually want low-interest loans. The business might sell assets or buy less inventory if it experiences a severe or ongoing cash inflow shortage.
SOURCE: FM:005
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
65. C
Management. Businesses often prepare financial reports that are intended for internal use, or use by the management of the business. These reports are used to make day-t o-day operating decisions. The management accounting system reports financial information that helps businesses to decide if they have funds to hire more employees and increase production, or if they need to reduce costs and improve the rate of collections. The financial accounting system is used to report a business's financial position to external users. Computerized and manual are ways of recording the accounting information.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [pp. 34-35]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. D
Accrual. The accrual accounting system records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time. Most businesses use this method because it reflects the business's current financial position based on what has been earned and expenses that have been incurred. For example, the business records a sale when it is made even though the business will not be paid until a later date. The cash accounting method records income and expenditures at the time the money changes hand.
SOURCE: FM:006
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2007). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (First-Year Course) [p. A-26]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. D
Fewer sales. Cash inflow is the movement of funds into the business. Cash flows into the business from a variety of sources, but the primary source of cash inflow is from sales. The amount of cash that a business has flowing into the business usually increases when it sells more goods and services. Outflows are the funds that move out of the business, which are usually expenses. Common business expenses include payroll, rent, inventory, equipment purchases, and utilities. Because its cash inflow is steadily decreasing, the MIB Company needs to determine why sales are falling off, and take steps to improve the situation. These steps may include reducing spending or correcting problems with the business's product.
SOURCE: FM:008
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
68. A
Offer credit to the prospective customer. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Before offering credit options to a prospective customer, the business should review the customer's borrowing and repayment history by obtaining a credit report. The credit report, which is generated by a credit-rating agency, indicates the prospect's borrowing and repayment history and provides a credit rating. The credit rating indicates the extent to which the business or individual pays its debts in a timely manner. The government, rather than businesses, sets the prime lending (interest) rate and establishes sales-tax rates. Various jurisdictions have laws that require businesses to collect sales tax from customers on certain purchases.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 267-268). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
69. C
Verify that the information is correct. Businesspeople analyze and review financial information for many reasons. In Mason's situation, the purpose of reviewing the documents is to ensure that all the information is provided and that it is correct. Because the example does not specify the type of financial documents that Mason is reviewing, it is not possible to know if the documents contain loan or forecasting information, or if they identify business's financial resources.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
70. B
Guide her decision making. Many businesspeople analyze financial data to make business decisions, such as obtaining a loan with the best interest rates and payment plans. Susan is not analyzing the information to correct inaccurate data, nor is she trying to determine her business's profitability. There isn't enough information available to determine if Susan is trying to solve a business problem.
SOURCE: FM:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 342-343). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
71. A
"Starting off on the right foot." Employee orientation is a company's attempt to get its employees off to a good start on the job. It includes job preparation or induction training in which new employees are acquainted with their surroundings, receive general information about the company and its policies, and are given specific information about their jobs. The other alternatives do not reflect the nature of orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., & Jackson, J.H. (2003). Human resource management (10th ed.) [pp. 286-287]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
72. A
A company uses recycled materials in its products. Showing concern for the environment is one way that companies demonstrate corporate responsibility. Corporate responsibility involves going above and beyond just following rules and regulations—hiring minority employees and paying taxes on time are actions expected of each and every company by the law. Expanding facilities does not necessarily exhibit concern for the community, the environment, or employees.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
73. D
E-mail inquiry field. Many businesses provide a feedback option on their web sites that enables customers to e-mail the business concerning problems or to ask questions. The e-mail inquiry field is an effective method of providing customer service as long as the business responds in an appropriate amount of time. A portable document format allows users to view files created by another operating system. An electronic file attachment allows a user to send an attachment with an e-mail message. Computer programming code is used to create software, web pages, etc.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: CT-CLIC.com (2007-2009). Online inquiry form. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.ct-clic.com/ContactForm/default.asp
74. B
Database. Database software programs are designed to sort, arrange, and locate a wide variety of information. Many businesses use database software to store valuable information about customers and arrange it according to various criteria. Businesses can add to this information at any time, sort it alphabetically, or use it to print mailing labels. Spreadsheet software programs are used to organize financial information. Businesses do not use interactive or publishing software to store information about customers.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 163-165]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. C
Home page. The design and content of the home page is extremely important because many visitors do not go beyond that page. Therefore, it is important to create an home page that provides an overview of the web site and links to other pages on the site. If the goal is to have visitors follow links to access additional information or make a purchase, the home page must generate interest and encourage visitors to continue. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. A domain name is a business's web address. A shopping cart is a computer program designed to act as an online catalog and order-processing center.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (p. 192). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Accessed when needed. Businesses need to organize their records in a systematic manner so that information can be accessed when it is needed. This is what record keeping is all about—managing the information a business needs in order to make operational and financial decisions. Some business records contain confidential information and should not be distributed freely, available to everyone, or published in newsletters. However, this information should be organized so that employees who are supposed to use it can access it when needed.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
77. A
Migration. Migration is a population trend that indicates movement of people throughout the country as well as into and out of the country. Migration trends are important to businesses because businesses need to know where their customers are located. For example, many people are leaving colder climates and migrating to what is considered the Sunbelt. This movement affects businesses because the types of products they sell and the way they sell them will change. Also, the increased migration of ethnic groups into the country creates a need for new goods and services that meet the needs of a multicultural population. Lifestyle, consumption, and behavior are not population trends; however, these factors also affect how businesses market their goods and services.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: OECD. (2004, January 21). Trends in international migration reflect increasing labour-related immigration and persistent integration problems. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.oecd.org/document/50/0,2340,en_2649_201185_24968882_1_1_1_1,00.html
78. A
Make decisions about future operations. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about dayto-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Monitoring internal records does not help a business to track the activities of competitors or understand global economic conditions. Businesses do not use internal records to handle employee problems and complaints.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
79. C
Changes in regulation. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining political, economic, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect the business, it can take steps to ward off the threats and to take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Political factors that a business might examine include changes in regulation (laws) that govern how the business operates. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor. Shifts in consumer lifestyles are socio-cultural factors. Widespread use of wireless devices is a technological factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. C
Business risk. The firm's business risk increased because of the chance of accident or injury, which could result in lawsuits, medical expenses, and other losses. Economic risks are risks caused by changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, a change of product, or failure of businesses. Increased sales and employment would be positive outcomes of a business's policy.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 399-402). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
81. A
Protection. Business security provides protection for the business and/or its property. The goal is to prevent financial loss. Employee safety is a concern in specific situations, such as robbery or shoplifting. Risk management is a business activity, rather than a marketing function, which involves managing marketing activities to optimize the relationships of potential loss to gain. Gross profit is money left after cost-of-merchandise expense is subtracted from total income.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Stutts, A. T., & Wortman, J. F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 198-201, 205-206]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
82. D
A back-up plan. A back-up plan is an alternate way to carry out a project. When unforeseen events change the project, if you have a back-up plan, the project can still be completed. The back-up plan might call for doing the project on another day or asking for help from people outside the project. Having selfcontrol and patience will help the project manager deal effectively when unforeseen events occur. However, a back-up plan is still needed for the project to proceed. One aspect of a back-up plan might involve asking volunteers to help.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
83. A
Their stores are geographically distant. Some retail chains have grown so large that central buying can no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant stores. In response to this development, many large retail firms have decentralized their purchasing operations by dividing the country into districts and delegating part of central buying's responsibility to district managers who are more familiar with local stores. Businesses usually obtain lower prices for large orders. Businesses do not decentralize their purchasing operations because buyers prefer to be independent. Both centralized and decentralized purchasing operations are able to maintain a wide variety of suppliers.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (The Nature of Purchasing)
84. A
Creates form utility. One of the benefits of production is that it creates form utility—usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer or user. Without production, many resources would be of little use to consumers. All of the other alternatives are benefits of production to businesses.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
85. C
Control its expenses. Most businesses have a petty cash fund from which employees withdraw small sums of money to buy such items as stamps, pens, note pads, or tape that are needed unexpectedly or in a hurry. Employees should record each of these purchases so that the business knows what was purchased and can control the amount spent if necessary. Keeping a record also helps to protect the petty cash fund from employee theft. There is no law that a business must record petty cash purchases. Keeping a record of the petty cash does not improve cash flow, the movement of funds in and out of the business, or reduce major spending since all petty cash purchases are small.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Think Big. (2009, April 29). Steps for reducing business expenses. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1682579/steps_for_reducing_business_expenses. html?cat=3
86. D
True, the appearance of a business affects the customer's overall impression. From the minute customers enter a business, they are aware of its appearance. Although important to business image, appearance is not necessarily the most important factor. It depends on the type of business as to whether price or appearance is the more important factor affecting image. With a discount business, price is more important than appearance, as compared to a high-fashion boutique, where an attractive decor is essential.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Stutts, A. T., & Wortman, J. F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 88, 99-101]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
87. D
Praise. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive such rewards as praise, raises, and promotions. A response to orderly behavior that is critical or indifferent may damage employee morale. Favoritism should be avoided since it gives an employee an unfair advantage over other employees.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-733). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
88. B
It moves the world along. Without creativity, we would still be living in caves. Everything in our existence is based on something that was once a new idea. Without creativity, we'd have no new goods or services. Many highly intelligent people are not creative. Creative people think in abstract terms so that they are able to see what is not readily apparent. Creative people prefer variety and change to routine.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
89. B
Unsatisfied. These are needs which have not yet been fulfilled. Usually, lower level needs such as those for food and shelter must be satisfied before we are motivated by higher level needs.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N., & Achua, C.F. (2010). Leadership: Theory, application, & skill development (4th ed.) [pp. 81-83]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. D
Technological developments. Entrepreneurs who do not keep up with their industry's technological developments run the risk of falling behind their competitors. As a result, the competitors who keep up with the latest developments might be able to provide products that those who do not keep up with technology cannot. Consumers do not establish pricing strategies; businesses create them. Personal distribution policies for companies are important in regard to serving customers but do not necessarily relate to the industry's technological developments. Watching their suppliers' buying trends does not necessarily help businesses stay competitive in their industries.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
91. C
"I was seeking a more responsible job." This is a positive response which indicates that the applicant is interested in getting ahead and is willing to accept additional responsibility. A job applicant should not make negative remarks about his/her previous employer(s) or coworkers. Even though all of the other alternatives could be true statements, they are negative and will reflect poorly on the job applicant.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. A
Someone who works in financial services is limited to working at an investment firm, a bank, or an insurance company. The financial-services industry includes a wide range of career possibilities across many kinds of companies, not simply investment firms, banks, and insurance companies. People who work in financial services can expect to earn higher-than-average salaries. They include real estate brokers, fund managers, and auditors.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
93. A
Treasurer. A treasurer is a title for a type of financial manager, or a person who is responsible for overseeing part or all of an organization's finances. Treasurers are responsible for an organization's financial goals and objectives. They oversee investments, cash management, and capital raising. Bill and account collectors, procurement clerks, and billing clerks are all types of financial clerks who are responsible for financial recordkeeping.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money
94. C
Education, experience, and position. A professional organization is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. While education, experience, and/or position may be entry requirements for some professional organizations, the disclosure of confidential information such as income is not usually required. Race is not a valid consideration among entry requirements.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. D
License. Depending on location, many financial services providers are required to complete specific training and obtain a license to practice. The license guarantees that the provider has the necessary education and training to advise clients about financial products and offer other types of financial planning services. The purpose of completing specific training in the area of financial services is to obtain a license rather than a promotion, a bonus, or a referral.
SOURCE: PD:082
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 260-261). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. C
Networking. Networking is the exchange of information with others for the purpose of professional or business development or advancement. Because the financial-services marketplace is very competitive, financial-services professionals and businesses need to communicate with other individuals and businesses to build clientele and promote their products. By participating in groups and speaking with other professionals, financial-services professionals can build new business relationships, obtain referrals, and acquire leads to increase clientele. Product development is the process of creating new goods and services. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique. Market segmentation is dividing a large market into small markets.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Futrell, C.M. (2000). ABC's of relationship selling (6th ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
97. B
Withholding information from insurance underwriters. In the insurance industry, underwriters assess the risks of insuring an applicant and approve compensation for loss under the terms of an insurance policy. Withholding information that may affect the approval of the applicant or the compensation associated with a claim is unethical behavior. Requesting documents to process a loan, issuing bonds to raise funds for a corporation, and using third-party debt collectors to obtain overdue payments are ethical activities.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Head, G. (2005, February). Why link risk management and ethics. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.irmi.com/expert/articles/2005/head02.aspx
98. B
No, the employee may be jeopardizing the business's financial well-being without first obtaining permission from management. Business policies are the rules or guidelines that employees must follow. One reason that businesses develop credit policies is to protect the business from financial losses. Offering credit to a customer who does not meet the business's credit criteria may be costly to the business because the customer may not be able to make installment payments for the product. Employees who bypass these types of policies without proper authorization from management are breaking company rules, are not behaving ethically, and are, in many situations, fired for such behavior. Although some businesses have flexible policies, not all businesses do. Governments regulate credit practices, but they do not require businesses to offer credit to individuals and businesses that have poor credit scores or do not meet basic criteria.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 267-268). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
99. C
Contingency plans. A contingency plan is an alternative course of action. A contingency plan states specific guidelines that a business uses when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses often use computer software programs to obtain numerical data about their levels of risk in different areas of the business. They use this information to make business decisions and to help them develop alternative action plans when circumstances occur that increase or decrease risk at a given time. Content theories are theories of motivation that focus on internal needs, drives, and incentives that cause people to behave in a certain manner. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. Governments develop monetary and fiscal regulations. Risk management software programs do not help businesses develop content theories, endorsement records, and fiscal policies.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: McIntosh, J. (2007, November 14). Plan for crisis at work: Risk assessment and contingency planning in business. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://strategic-businessplanning.suite101.com/article.cfm/plan_for_crisis_at_work
100. C
Implement and monitor safety policies. Businesses can take many actions to control their level of risk. Developing, implementing, and monitoring specific safety policies is one way to lower risks associated with accidents in the workplace. Accidents can be costly to the business, especially if it does not carry sufficient comprehensive property insurance to cover these types of situations and the severe injuries that may result. Crime insurance policies protect businesses from losses associated with theft. Health insurance is a benefit that businesses offer to their employees to help offset medical expenses. A business plan is the written business model, which shows how the business works now and how it is intended to work in the future.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: SCORE. (n.d.). Risk management. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.ctclic.com/Newsletters/customer-files/riskmanagement.pdf