Test 1023
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. A
To interpret laws. The United States’ judicial system is the court system. One of the main functions of this system is to interpret the body of American law. The various courts interpret the law and apply it in order ( to provide justice. The judicial system does not develop regulations, license attorneys, or analyze crimes. :
SOURCE: BL:068
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 33]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Sole proprietorship. This is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by only one person, and that person receives any profits made by the business. A merger is the absorption of one company by another rather than a type of business ownership. A partnership is owned by two or more people, and profits would be split between them. A corporation is owned by people who own stock in the business, and they split the profits.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. A
To be informed about a destination's social conditions. Travel agents and tour operators have an obligation to inform clients about the social and political conditions in a destination that they are considering visiting. Clients have a right to know if there is political unrest, a threat of terrorism, or other dangerous situations that might affect their travel plans or their safety. They should be made aware of possible problems in order to make an informed decision as to whether to visit certain destinations. Travel agents and tour-operators usually do not discuss a competitor's refund-policy. They often ask customers if they want to-buy trip insurance, but that is not considered a customer right. Travel to most foreign countries is not dangerous. However, if travel to some areas is dangerous, customers have a right to know.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 69]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
4. D
We can more easily obtain products from all over the world. Channels of distribution allow consumers, industrial users, producers, and other channel intermediaries to save time and money. They also allow us to more easily obtain products from all over the world, since we do not have to travel and search for each individual item we wish to purchase.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CMLAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Distribution. Promotion helps to create demand for products, while distribution makes those products available. Businesses coordinate distribution with promotional activities to make sure that sufficient quantities of advertised products are available when customers want to buy them. If a business plans to promote a certain item, the business must make sure that an adequate supply will be on hand to meet customer demand. Businesses may lose customers if they promote certain items that are not available because they failed to make the necessary distribution arrangements. Transportation is the act of moving items from one place to another and is only one aspect of distribution. Segmentation involves dividing something, such as a total market, into smaller, more specific groups. Communication is an exchange of information in which the words and gestures are understood in the same way by both the speaker and the listener.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
6. D
Listen with your brain. Good communication is a two-way process. To communicate, you must learn how to be a good listener as well as how to express your own ideas. This involves listening to everything the speaker says even if not all of it is of personal interest, being genuinely interested, and thinking about what you are hearing rather than letting your mind wander to other things.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 81]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. A
Thank the caller. Answering the telephone and taking messages for coworkers is often part of an employee's everyday routine. It is important for the employee to properly handle the call, and this involves thanking the caller. In many cases, the caller is a customer who is leaving an important message. Therefore, the person taking the call should always thank the caller for contacting the business. The employee taking the message should obtain the necessary information, but does not need to write a detailed explanation. It is usually not necessary to contact a supervisor unless there is a problem that must be addressed immediately. It is not appropriate to file the information.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. A
Be accurate. When you state a fact, it's important to be accurate. Make sure you can support your statement. Don't generalize. Stating a fact is not usually about thinking before you speak (as in stating an opinion) or about changing your mind (as in hearing a fact stated by another person).
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. A
Put items in time sequence. Chronological order arranges items according to the time they occur. The order that describes a problem and a plan for solving it is problem/solution order. The order that arranges material into related subcategories is topical order. The order that emphasizes the relationship between events is cause-and-effect order.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9—Well Said!
10. C
Be thorough. Effective written communication must be thorough and contain all the information necessary for the recipient to respond or react. Effective written communication answers the questions of who, what, when, where, why, and how. Recipients of effective written communication will understand exactly what the senders are trying to convey. Effective written communication should not be repetitious, wordy, or trite.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 187-189). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
11. C
Body. The body of a business letter contains one or more paragraphs of information that the writer wants to give to the receiver. The introduction begins the letter. The salutation addresses the receiver (Dear Mr. Jones). The close usually tells the reader what to do or the preferred course of action.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 285-286]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
12. B
Persuasive. A collection letter is a type of persuasive message that many businesses write to customers who are delinquent in making payments on their accounts. The purpose of the collection letter is to persuade customers to send payment or to contact the business to make some type of arrangement. Collection letters should not be threatening or overly aggressive because they may offend customers rather than encourage them to respond immediately. Although a collection letter contains information, it is not considered to be an informational message.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 341]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. D
To announce the addition of a new product line. The main form of written communication within an organization is the memorandum. Businesses use memos to provide information that is needed by company employees, such as the addition of a new product line. Personal matters, such as friendships and employee birthdays, should not be the subject of memorandums. A request for merchandise would be placed through a purchase order.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 298]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
14. A
Handling problems. Problems and complaints should not be avoided but looked at as opportunities to demonstrate a customer-service mindset. Most customers will tell others about problems they have with the business, but they will also tell how quickly and satisfactorily their problems or complaints were resolved. These customers will likely return to the business, in spite of previous problems, because they know employees will resolve whatever problems arise. Employees do not need to demonstrate a customer-service mindset when placing orders, contacting suppliers, and preparing schedules because customers are not involved in these situations.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Kirkham, M., Weiss, P., & Crawford, B. (2000). The waiting game: The ultimate guide to waiting tables (p. 33). Austin, TX: Twenty Per Cent.
15. A
Restating. Often, it is helpful for the employee to restate the customer's question to make sure that's what the customer actually asked. Writing down the question would only be done when the employee needed to obtain further information in order to answer the question. Employees who are trying to understand what a customer is asking would not refute or ignore the question.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 226). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. D
Apologize to the customer and indicate that there is no charge for the order. The shift manager should focus on improving the customer's negative perceptions of the business. Her/his goal should be to make the customer's service experience as pleasant as possible. Delivery of quality customer service builds long-term customer loyalty. Offering the customer a free meal is one way to indicate that the customer's business is important. The cost of a free meal is low when compared to the money that can be lost due to unsatisfied customers. Not dealing with the situation in a customer-oriented manner will affect future sales. It is inappropriate to inform a customer that the cook is trying to improve. When a cook consistently performs below standard, the restaurant should provide needed training or find someone else who can meet the desired standards. Telling the customer that others have had the same experience or acting busy while talking to the customer does not resolve the customer's negative impression of the restaurant.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Kirkham, M., Weiss, P., & Crawford, B. (2000). The waiting game: The ultimate guide to waiting tables (p. 33). Austin, TX: Twenty Per Cent.
17. B
Personalized activity schedules. A competitive advantage is the edge that businesses achieve when they can offer something better than their competitors. A business that provides a service, or a better type of service, often has an advantage over competitors that do not provide the same service. Offering personalized activity schedules may persuade customers to buy from that cruise line. A business that does not have a competitive advantage if it offers room service or standard products that are provided by other, similar businesses. Open-door policy is a business practice whereby management encourages communication between employees and management by indicating that their doors are always open.
SOURCE: DS:029
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 315]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. C
Natural resources. Natural resources are found in nature and are used to produce goods or services. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. Capital goods are all manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods or services. Economic resources refer to all of the items used to produce goods or services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Clayton, G.E. (2005). Economics: Principles & practices (p. 7). New York: Glencoe/McGraw- Hill.
19. B
Amount of satisfaction. Consumers often decide how much they are willing to pay for goods and services based on how much satisfaction or value they expect to receive from the purchase. Consumers who expect to receive great satisfaction from a certain good or service often are willing to pay higher prices than those consumers who do not place such a high value on the item. Discounts and refunds are ways of reducing prices. Commissions are paid to the sellers of products, not to consumers.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2005). Economics: Today and tomorrow (p. 173). New York: Glencoe/McGraw- Hill.
20. B
Hires an outside firm to perform its marketing. A business performs its activities in an “out of the ordinary" way when it uses outsourcing or when it offers virtual services. Outsourcing is acquiring assistance from outside organizations/consultants to perform primary business activities. In this case, outsourcing is demonstrated by hiring an outside firm to perform the primary business activity of marketing. Operating as a link between customers and products is the role of marketing—certainly not out of the ordinary. Long-term planning and organizing for the future are part of strategic management. Offering a new product in a popular product line is part of marketing and/or operations.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
21. B
Scarce. Often, companies do business with foreign firms because the firms are located in a country that has a scare (rare) resource that the companies (and nations) want or need. For example, crude oil is used to make the gasoline that fuels our cars and trucks. Middle Eastern countries have rich oil fields that other countries do not have, and sell this scarce product to other businesses and countries. If the desired resource were abundant, or reusable, there would be no reason to obtain the product from firms in other countries. Consumable products are usable, which may also be scare, abundant, or reusable.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business: Library edition (9th ed.) [pp. 77-79]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
22. D
Income from sales. Income is the first factor that businesses consider when calculating profit. The gross profit of a business is computed by subtracting cost of goods sold from income from sales. The net profit is calculated by subtracting operating expenses from the gross profit. Market share is an organization's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Profit)
23. D
Job task. This kind of specialization occurs when workers perform a limited number of highly specific tasks as part of a larger job effort. Specialization by stages of production occurs when different stages of production are required to change a raw material into a finished product. Trade or profession specialization is according to the type of work which a person performs in order to earn a living. The geographic region in which workers live may affect their choice of trade or profession, but it is not a category of labor specialization.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Sexton, R.L. (2002). Exploring economics (2nd ed.) [pp. 38-39]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
24. C
Increased wages. Wages are usually a number-one issue for labor unions. Other objectives are improved working conditions and job security. Management objectives would include reducing labor costs, retaining managerial authority, and improving worker efficiency.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: Sexton, RL. (2002). Exploring economics (2nd ed. -) IP. 327]. Mason, OH: South- ‘Wester...
25. D
OK sign. Hand gestures have different meanings in different cultures. If businesspeople do not understand the meaning of those gestures in other countries, they may accidentally offend or insult businesspeople in those countries. The OK sign is an example of a hand gesture that has different meanings in different countries. In some countries it is a rude and insulting gesture, while in other countries a similar sign represents money. A handshake is not a hand gesture. An embrace is classified as touching. Crossed arms is not a hand gesture.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 456-457]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
26. A
Behavior. Integrity is adhering to an established set of personal ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. People with integrity follow their ethical or moral principles in order to do what is right. Integrity cannot be evaluated on the basis of appearance, education, or occupation.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Wikipedia. (2009, September 16). Honesty. Retrieved September 18, 2009, from http://en. wikipedia.org/wiki/Honesty
27. B
Optimists. An optimist is a person with a positive attitude. A pessimist is a person with a negative attitude. An extremist is a person who is unconventional or radical. A realist is a person who looks at things as they really are.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
28. A
Make an effort to remain calm. In some cases, acting calm will actually help you to be more calm. Using language to vent your anger indicates you have lost your self-control. Frowning and being defensive are negative responses that will not help you to maintain your self-control.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself (Self-control)
29. D
Positive. Positive feedback is feedback involving praise. It tends to reinforce the behavior that led to the praise. Critical feedback is a form of negative feedback that tends to make people want to change their words or behavior. External feedback comes from an outside source and can be positive or negative.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. C
In many cultures, women do not have complete independence. The role of women can cause cultural sensitivity issues because, in many cultures, women do not have the independence they have in Western culture. Women's success in higher education and men's avoidance of working for women are actions rather than generalizations based on gender. This does not mean that women do not usually become managers, or that men avoid working for women.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
31. B
At work. Refusing requests can be a particularly tough task at work. There are times when you can't reasonably say “no,” such as when your manager assigns you a new project or when a client has an unbreakable deadline. However, there are times when saying “no” is necessary and even makes you a better employee. Refusing requests isn't necessarily tougher when you are sick or during the summer. Aggressive people usually have no trouble saying “no.”
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. B
External conflict. An external conflict occurs with one other person or with a group of people. When you have conflicting thoughts or ideas within yourself, it's an internal conflict. A labor dispute usually refers to a disagreement between a labor union and management. Reconcilable dispute is not a commonly used phrase to describe conflict, but it indicates that a disagreement can be resolved.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
33. A
It provides focus for team members’ energy. Shared vision has helped Penny focus her energy from day- to-day while she performs her work tasks. Shared vision also creates accountability, acts as a guide for decision making, and stimulates creativity, but these benefits are not illustrated in Penny's situation.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
34. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is opinions or judgments based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Sally is basing her opinion of her coworker on what she has heard, not on fact. Her prejudice will keep her from feeling empathy for Janet. Thoughtfulness is consideration for others. Generosity is the willingness to give to others. A grievance is a complaint about unfairness.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 474]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. A
Finance company. To receive cash in exchange for the Silvers' contract, the dealership dealt with a sales finance company. This is a business that purchases borrowers’ contracts from sellers and receives the borrowers’ payments. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members. It usually operates within a business or a labor union. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers. Most of the loans are for real-estate purchases. Commercial banks are full-service banks offering a variety of banking services, including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Lowe, R.E., Malouf, C.A., & Jacobson, A.R. (2003). Consumer education & economics (5th ed.) [pp. 280-281]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. D
Realize what it takes to get the things you really want. Financial planning is a good way to realize what it takes to get the things you really want. It is not a method for removing the fun from saving and investing, nor does it make it all right to treat yourself to something special. And, even the best financial planning can't guarantee you'll retire with a million dollars by the time you're age 40.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. A
Checkbook balance. Reconciling a bank statement is the process of determining any differences between the bank statement balance and the checkbook balance. A.company's balance sheet is not part of maintaining a personal bank account or its records. Canceled checks and deposit slips are-used during bank-statement reconciliation to determine if accurate records have been kept.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (p. G-8). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. (
38. D
Securities. In investing, legal owning- or lending-agreements between individuals, businesses, or governments are known as securities. Securities can be separated into "owning" and "lending" categories. Bonds are one type of lending investment. Contracts are legal agreements in general—not necessarily related to investing. Guarantees are sometimes provided by sellers to buyers in a purchase situation.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
39. A
It builds up cash value. Whole-life insurance is also called ordinary or straight life insurance. One of the benefits of whole-life insurance is that as the policyholder pays premiums, the cash value of the policy increases. If necessary, s/he can cash in the policy for its cash value or borrow money against the cash value. The interest paid on the premiums is not usually high. Whole-life premiums increase as the policyholder gets older, but the face value of the policy stays the same.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 382-383]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. D
Making reasonable decisions as new conditions develop. It is important to be flexible enough to make common-sense judgments if unforeseen situations develop. Current and future economic conditions should be analyzed to determine their possible effects on the business. The consequences of possible actions should be considered before the choices are narrowed. Transferring responsibility does not necessarily reduce or remove risk. (
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 719). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. A
Spending too much on expenses. By themselves, the elements of an income statement are simply categories and totals. A business needs to be able to see how the categories are affecting each other and the bottom line. By comparing categories, a business will be able to determine if it is spending too much on expenses and not earning sufficient profit. Most businesses try to spend as little as possible when purchasing supplies or acquiring goods. Businesses try to earn as much income as possible.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Waitch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
42. C
Cash management. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. An important aspect of the finance function is managing the cash that flows into and out of the business. Product sourcing, materials allocation, and sales forecasting are not primary responsibilities of a company's financial function.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [p. 543]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
43. C
 Orientation. Orientation is an on-boarding activity, an HR management activity that gets new employees started on the job. It may involve giving the employee a tour of the facilities and making introductions, giving the employee information about company procedures and policies, and familiarizing the employee with his/her new work space and equipment. Compliance is an HR management activity that involves making sure the company is following laws and regulations. Grievances are formal employee complaints made to an HR representative. Exit interviews are conducted with an employee who is leaving, not one who is new to the job.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. D
To determine where to locate a new restaurant based on population growth. The U.S. Census data provide information on designated geographic areas that indicate demographic data, social data, and economic data, and allow comparisons across years. The restaurant could use the data to determine whether a geographic area is growing. The type of restaurant to open is already pre-determined by the types of restaurants in the chain. The census data cannot determine whether management personnel want to run a new restaurant, but they provide insight into the percentages of people in management and the educational levels of people in the area. The U.S. Census provides information about how long it takes people to get to work, but it does not address the area’s infrastructure.
SOURCE: IM:423
SOURCE: U.S. Census Bureau. (2007). American fact finder. Retrieved September 18, 2009, from http://factfinder.census.gov/home/saff/main.html?_lang=en
45. C
Trade magazines. These publications provide insight into technological changes occurring specifically in hospitality and tourism marketing. They are also a good source to use when tracking social/cultural changes and legal changes. By staying on top of environmental changes occurring in the industry, hospitality and tourism marketers are better positioned to take advantage of the changes. Customers may or may not be in the hospitality and tourism industry, so their knowledge of technological changes will probably be limited. The average check size is a good source to track when examining economic changes. Consumer magazines are of general interest and would not address the hospitality and tourism industry specifically.
SOURCE: 1M:425
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J., & Makens, J. (1999). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (2nd ed.) [pp. 133-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall. Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 23]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
46. A
Sales records. By analyzing the hotel's sales records, a hotel can identify trends in their business guests' buying behavior. For example, they might determine types of rooms requested and services used while ( at the hotel. Focus groups, test markets, and surveys do not capture actual buying behavior that can be examined over a period of time.
SOURCE: 1M:349
SOURCE: Edwards, B. (2004). Credit management handbook (p. 162). Burlington, VT: Gower Publishing Company.
47. D
3.4. The mean is the average of the values within a sample. If the values range from 1 to 6, the mean is the average of the respondents’ ratings. To calculate mean, first multiply the number of respondents by the value of their rating (30 x 1 = 30; 82 x 2 = 164; 114 x 3 = 342; 96 x 4 = 384; 67 x 5 = 335; 31 x6 = 186). Then, add the values and divide by the number of respondents (30 + 164 + 342 + 384 + 335 + 186 = 1,441; 1,441 / 420 = 3.43 or 3.4). In this example, 3.4 is the mean rating for the quality of service based ona scale of 1 to 6.
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Jr., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2000). Marketing research: A practical approach for the new millennium (p. 526). Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
48. B
Highlight key findings. When presenting findings orally, marketing researchers should not waste time on the specifics of the research study. However, they must clearly communicate highlights of the key findings. Without this information, the decision makers will not be able to make decisions to benefit the company. Although graphic presentation of data is helpful, it is not essential. Explaining the statistics used to obtain the results would provide information that is too detailed. Not all research studies use both primary and secondary data.
SOURCE: [M:391
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 151]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
49. A
Image. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Businesses often develop promotional campaigns to create a certain image or to improve an existing image. The purpose of creating a favorable image is to increase sales. Businesses do not use promotional campaigns to create or improve credit or safety, which are business activities. Displays may be part of a promotional campaign.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. D
Services are usually produced and consumed at the same time. Because of the immediate nature of services, there is usually no time between when they are produced to when they are consumed. This makes it impossible to store services for use when demand is higher. Products and services have differing prices, and one can cost more than the other in any given situation. Services are intangible, and products are tangible. Product consistency is important with both services and products.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Czinkota, M.R., & Kotabe, M. (2001). Marketing management (2nd ed.) [p. 396]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
51. C
Trip purpose. Either business or leisure defines the most common marketing segment. Income level and life stage are part of demographics, and geographic area is considered in geographics.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Chon, K., & Sparrowe, R. (2000). Welcome to hospitality: An introduction (2™ ed.) [p. 129]. Cincinnati: South-Western. S.,
52. B
Everyone in the organization. Everyone in the organization is responsible to do his/her part to contribute to appropriate information management. This includes, but is not limited to, the information management department, an information technology manager, and the chief executive officer.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3-——In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
53. B
Robotics. Robotics is a mass production technique in which robots carry out the repetitive tasks that workers would find monotonous and tiring. Web feeds refer to the on-demand distribution of information, usually sent to a personal web site or blog, as it becomes available on the Web. A business uses a satellite-tracking system to monitor the transportation route of products in real time. Webcasts are sound or video bites that are transmitted to personal computers through the World Wide Web.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 248-249]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
54. C
Can be forwarded to others. When employees write e-mail messages to coworkers or customers, the recipients of the messages can forward them to others without the sender's knowledge or permission. Therefore, employees should be cautious about the content of e-mail messages because they have no control over what the recipients do with the e-mails. It is best not to include personal or sensitive information in e-mails, particularly if the sender wants the information to remain private. E-mail messages are not private conversations, do not take a long time to prepare, and are not considered formal correspondence.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 164-165]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
55. C
To create text documents. Most word-processing software programs are designed to be used to create text documents, although some have limited graphic capabilities. Businesses use word-processing software programs to write letters, memos, reports, business plans, and sales contracts. There are many different word-processing software programs available that enable businesses to create, edit, and store important text documents. Spreadsheet software programs are used to organize numerical information. Database software programs are used to maintain customer lists and catalog personnel records.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. B
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given time period. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access the same business information. Some applications, such as e-mail, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. Quick responses can increase an employee's productivity because the employee can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Collaborative computer software does not necessarily increase an employee's independence or motivation because other factors can affect a person's independence (e.g., type of job) and motivation. The business, rather than its employees, receives the profit that might result from increases in the employees’ productivity.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Sheldon, T. (n.d.). Groupware. Retrieved June 10, 2009, from http://www.linktionary.com/g/groupware.html
57. A
Storing them in a safe environment. Records need to be maintained in a safe physical environment to protect them from damage or destruction. Businesses often protect their records by storing them in fireproof safes, fire-resistant cabinets, or moisture-controlled rooms. Because technology is constantly evolving, many people believe that videotapes are outdated, if not obsolete. Insufficient information is provided to determine whether the business office offers a safe environment. In addition, vital records may be kept in areas other than the business office. Filing records in cardboard boxes is not safe because cardboard boxes may be destroyed by fire or water.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
58. D
To obtain useful information. Statistical findings need to be interpreted in order to convert them to useful information. Simply gathering statistics, which are data presented in numerical form, is not helpful unless a business analyzes them and converts them to useful information. For example, it is not useful to know that 500 customers buy a certain product unless the business also knows the total number of potential customers and what percentage of the potential customers are current customers. Perhaps 500 seems like a strong customer base, but that is not the case if the potential is 10,000. Businesses often use statistical findings to develop charts and tables and calculate the median. However, those are not reasons why the business interprets them. Businesses do not interpret statistical findings to organize a database.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 170-171). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. D
Rely less on the use of travel agencies for business. The Internet has made it possible for individuals to bypass travel agencies by checking on room availability and making their own reservations online. This is beneficial for properties because they don't have to pay as many sales commissions to travel agencies. The number of guest reservations that need to be processed so that guests can be assigned a room upon check-in remains the same, regardless of whether the reservation was made online or offline. The property still needs to communicate important information about reservations, including a confirmation number, through e-mail or by other means. The number of individuals needed to staff the front desk is not affected by an online reservations system, although the number of reservation clerks required to take telephone reservations might be.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2000). Check-in: Check-out (6" ed.) [pp. 116-117]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
60. D
Production planning. The foundation of the operations function is production planning, since most other operations activities are based on decisions made during this step. In production planning, a business determines its operating system, which in turn dictates what is needed for maintenance, repairs, purchasing, quality control, etc.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. C
Hazards in the workplace. OSHA's purpose is to prevent employee injuries and deaths by insisting that businesses maintain safe, hazard-free workplaces. The agency's inspectors visit businesses to see that the government's safety and health regulations are being followed. OSHA does not deal with natural risks, unemployment, or employee theft.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 128). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. C
An unsafe environment. An unsafe environment may result from poor housekeeping, fire hazards, or a lack of safety equipment. OSHA rules are intended to make the workplace safe. Being safety-conscious helps to prevent accidents. A job transfer would not be the direct cause of an accident. However, a newly transferred worker should receive training in safety on the new job.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 724). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. C
Padding an expense account. Employee pilferage involves the taking of small amounts or small articles without the consent of the company. That is what occurs when an employee pads his/her expense account. Changing the amount specified on a check is an example of fraud. Installing personally owned software on your computer at work is against most companies' policies; however, it does not represent employee pilferage. Hacking into your company's computer to obtain trade secrets is a computer crime. Since losing trade secrets can be very costly to the company, it does not qualify as pilferage.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Chapter 10: White collar crime: Occupational and corporate crime. Retrieved September 18, 2009, from http:/Awww.sagepub.com/haganstudy/outlines/Ch10_Outline.doc
64. D
The profit margin for donuts will increase. If Annika reduces the materials’ cost of Dottie's donuts, the profit margin for the donuts will increase, not decrease. As long as Dottie does not lower the price of donuts, using less expensive sugar will not have an impact on donut sales.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
65. C
Break-even point. The break-even point is the level of sales at which revenues equal total costs. Businesses calculate the break-even point to select the most appropriate price at which to sell their goods. A business needs to make sure that the price is sufficient to cover all expenses and make a profit. Trade-in allowance is a price reduction offered for selling back an old model of the product being purchased. A sales-volume quota is a quota based on sales or some aspect of sales volume. Prime- interest rate is the rate of interest banks charge their best customers.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 345-348]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
66. D
Preventive. Preventive maintenance involves regularly inspecting and servicing equipment to locate and correct potential problems. Routinely servicing operating equipment costs a business money, but it also helps to prevent breakdowns that may be more expensive to repair. Breakdown maintenance involves repairing broken equipment. Replacement involves buying new equipment. Emergency maintenance usually occurs once equipment has broken down.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
67. C
Protect People First. A key security issue is to protect store personnel and any customers who might be on hand. People are the priority rather than protecting property or prosecuting offenders. Stores are not always able to hire off-duty police to protect the premises.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2000). Entrepreneurship and small business management: Teacher's manual (rd ed.) [p. 381]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. D
Follow appropriate emergency procedures. Motels must be prepared to handle emergencies if they occur. Depending on the property's geographic location, the property might be more likely to experience some emergencies (e.g., earthquakes, floods) than others. And because the effects of natural disasters differ from one another, motels should have procedures for the various types of emergencies they are likely to encounter. A motel should thoroughly explain to employees the procedures for each emergency it might face. By preparing employees for each type of emergency, the employees can better respond and get guests, themselves, and coworkers out of harms way. The sprinkler system usually goes off automatically when fires occur. Calling medical professionals and administering first aid may or may not be necessary and depends on the type of emergency at hand.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 201-202]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
69. C
Abide by the dress policies of the employer. Appropriate business attire varies according to the type of business, and each employee must determine what is expected in his/her job. Appropriate clothing does not necessarily have to be expensive. Personal taste should be expressed in clothing selected for personal activities. Businesswear should be accessorized with a minimum amount of jewelry.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. D
Set a time limit for reaching the goal. Setting a time by which you want to achieve a goal.means you. are less likely to put off your efforts to reach the goal. There is something about:a time limit-that gets: people going and keeps them moving. Your goal should be honest and specific, but those characteristics will not keep you from putting off your efforts to reach the goal. No one can evaluate your commitment to your goal except you.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
71. D
Period of incubation. To come into being, most creative ideas need a period of incubation. Putting a problem or an idea aside for a day or two can give you the fresh perspective you need for a breakthrough. The length of the incubation period will vary depending on the people involved and the nature of the ideas. For creative ideas to flourish, people also need cooperation from others rather than extensive criticism. Thinking in a nonconformist way also helps to improve creativity.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
72. D
Administrative services. An employee who answers phone calls and manages the office schedule works in administrative services. Employees working in administrative services facilitate business operations through a wide range of duties, including information and communication management, data processing and collection, and project tracking. These positions are often referred to as support staff positions. This employee would not be working in operations management, corporate/general management, or human resource management. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services. Careers in corporate/general management focus on planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating part or all of a business organization through the allocation and use of financial, human, and material resources. Human resource management careers focus on the staffing activities that involve planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, training, performance appraisal, compensation, and safety of employees.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
73. C
Former employers. The reference section of a resumé should list two or three people who can provide information about you. The best references are former employers, because they can accurately describe your work habits, abilities, and attitudes towards the job. Prospective employers will want to contact these references to find out if you performed satisfactorily in former positions. Potential employers usually do not want to contact your classmates, family members, and coworkers because they are personal references who may be unable to provide unbiased information about you.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 49-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
74. B
The chamber of commerce because local chapters are often involved in special sales-promotion events. The Chamber is a nonprofit organization dedicated to facilitating community leadership to create economic prosperity. The purpose of the National Restaurant Association is to provide services to the restaurant industry at the national level and is not involved with local events. The same is true with the Hospitality and Tourism Association. The mall, while possibly being involved with the summer festival, is more concerned with bringing customers to the mall and not just to the restaurant, if the restaurant is located within the mall.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce. (2009). About the chamber. Retrieved September 18, 2009, from http:/Awww.nashvillechamber.com/membership/about/index.html
75. D
Join a professional trade association. Most segments within the hospitality industry (e.g., travel agents, hotels, restaurants, intermediaries) have organizations that provide research, educational, and promotional information as well as current trends. Most organizations charge membership fees to belong. The fees can be used to develop programs and conduct research. Information can be communicated by meetings, seminars, newsletters and web sites. These organizations also provide leverage and input regarding legislation pertaining to the hospitality industry. A motivational speaker might encourage the manager to succeed on the job but does not necessarily provide detailed industry-related information. Training manuals are written documents that outline procedures to complete tasks; they do not provide industry trends, education, and promotion information. An assessment consultant who evaluates staff does not necessarily have information regarding trends, education, and promotion within the hospitality industry.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Freeman, J.T. (2002). Hospitality marketing (pp. 294-295). Mason, OH: South- Western/Thomson Learning.
76. C
A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available. A decrease in the number of guests occurs during economic slowdowns because people are reluctant to spend their discretionary income on travel. Consequently, there is an increase in the number of rooms available as more rooms become available for rent. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available does not follow the law of supply and demand, which suggests that as demand for rooms go up, supply typically goes down. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available would work the other way because as demand goes down, the supply of rooms available for rent typically goes up. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available typically occurs during good economic times when people are more willing to spend their discretionary income on travel.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
77. A
Price. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that buyers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Demand has a significant effect on the price of travel and tourism products because if demand is high, prices often increase because travelers are willing to pay more to obtain the products they want. For example, if demand for a cruise is high during certain times of the year, the price of cabins will increase because there are many travelers who want to book passage on that cruise. On the other hand, prices usually decrease as demand decreases because fewer travelers want to buy travel products. Demand does not have a significant effect on the availability, quality, or source of travel and tourism products.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 514-518]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
78. C
To set it apart from competitors. Positioning is a product mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. For a new product, businesses often try to develop a unique positioning concept that will set the new product apart from competitors. For example, the new product may have features that competing products do not have. These features make the product unique so the business can position the product based on its unique features. Businesses do not develop a unique positioning concept for a new product to monitor its growth stage, to create an original marketing plan, or to identify innovative objectives.
SOURCE: PM:228
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 645-646). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill
79. C
Four. If one turkey serves 15 people, then two turkeys will serve 30 people, three turkeys will serve 45 people, and four turkeys will serve 60 people. The restaurant should purchase four turkeys because it plans to serve 50 customers which is five more people than three turkeys will serve.
SOURCE: PM:261
SOURCE: Mill, R.C. (2001). Restaurant management: Customers, operations, and employees (2nd ed.) [p. 211]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
80. C
Lodging. The core product in the hospitality industry is lodging, which involves providing overnight sleeping accommodations for guests. The various segments of the hospitality industry offer a range of accommodations including economy, full-service, and resort. Many properties also offer complementary products, such as entertainment, food service, and retailing; however, the main product is lodging. For example, an economy property that provides rooms is selling only the core product, while a resort that has many restaurants, nightly entertainment, and retail shops | is selling the core product as well as complementary products.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Morrison, A. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 256-259]. Delmar/Thomson Learning.
81. C
Shuttle. A resort that is located near a large amusement park might provide shuttle service to transport its guests to the amusement park. Resort guests who arrive by airplane often do not have automobiles to drive to the resort. Therefore, a resort that provides shuttle service to a nearby attraction is meeting a segment of its guests' needs. Courier service usually offers same- or next-day delivery of documents and small parcels; courier service is often used by businesses. Room service is the delivery of food and beverage to a guest's sleeping room or meeting room. Dining service refers to the overall food and beverage operation, which includes the resort's restaurant and banquet facilities. While room service and dining service are not available at all lodging facilities, food and beverage service is usually a standard service rather than a distinct service that large resorts offer.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Freeman, J.T. (2002). Hospitality marketing (p. 210). Mason, OH: South- Western.
82. C
High-speed Internet connection. Streaming media are sound, video, or animations that play in real time. E-mail is capable of delivering streaming media when the recipient opens the message or clicks on a "play" button. Streaming media are very expensive to produce, and for it to work properly, the recipient needs a high-speed Internet connection. Therefore, it is not delivered through e-mail very often. Streaming media do not require the recipient to have an unlisted telephone number, a sophisticated computer keyboard, or a complicated operating system.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13—E-Mail as a Marketing Tool
83. D
Provide realism. One of the reasons that businesses use color in advertisements is to present their products in an attractive and realistic manner. Readers are attracted to color ads and can identify more easily with products that are depicted in their actual color. The main purpose of using vivid colors in advertisements is to provide realism rather than to offer choices or create balance. Businesses do not want to distract readers from their advertisements.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: Wells, W., Burnett, J., & Moriarty, S. (2003). Advertising principles & practice (6" ed.) [pp. 368-369]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
84. D
Typography. Typography is the effective use of type. However, typography involves more than the type or lettering. It involves the style and size of type as well as the space between letters or words. Typography has a significant effect on the look of an ad and helps to convey a message and express a certain feeling. Therefore, typography is an important part of designing an effective advertisement. Creating a storyboard is an important part of developing a television commercial. Frequency and position are factors to consider when placing print ads.
SOURCE: PR:295
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 547]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
85. D
Databases. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. The use of databases is one way of tracking marketing-communications activities. For example, a business sends out 100,000 promotional letters to customers and receives 25,000 responses. The business maintains a database of the names and characteristics of 100,000 customers as well as information about those who responded. The business can analyze the database to track the effectiveness of the mailing in reaching the target market. Questionnaires, surveys, and interviews are ways of obtaining marketing information rather than ways of tracking marketing-communications activities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 460-461]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
86. B
Printing process. Digital color printing uses computer-based files to print high-quality promotional materials such as advertisements. Digital color is a full-color printing process that often is less expensive than other types of printing processes. It is a process that is being used more frequently because many ads are created on a computer. Digital color is not a type of media strategy, graphic design, or advertising method.
SOURCE: PR:274
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 535, 543, 560]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
87. D
Benefits. Advertising copy focuses primarily on the benefit that the product creates for the user and tries to convince the consumer that the benefit.is unique to the specific brand of product. Features, or ( characteristics, don't sell products—consumers are more interested in what the product can do for them to make their lives easier or better. Not all products offer a warranty or are expected to offer one. Dependability will only apply to certain products.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Czinkota, M.R., & Kotabe, M. (2001). Marketing management (2™ ed.) [p. 384]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
88. D
Press. The account manager should request a press proof that uses halftone film and actual printing inks to give the most accurate proof. Although this is an expensive proof, the account manager recognizes the importance of the large account. Black-and-white laser, blue lines, and Velox proofs will not provide the quality of color needed to assess the proof.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 558]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
89. B
Sets the business apart from competitors. Many businesses are involved in community activities. The benefit to the business is that this involvement often sets it apart from competitors who may not be involved in community activities. The business usually receives positive publicity for its involvement which helps to create a good public image. Customers often are attracted to these companies because of the publicity and decide to do business with them rather than with their competitors. Businesses often compensate employees if they ask employees to spend time participating in community activities, such as fundraisers for charitable organizations. Being involved in community activities does not help a business to test new products, nor does it necessarily make it possible for customers to meet top management.
SOURCE: PR:315
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 133-136]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
90. A
Contribute to the social good. Businesses often identify community issues for company involvement. When considering possible issues, businesses often look for those that will contribute to the social good, such as helping needy families, supporting education, mentoring at-risk teenagers, etc. The intent is to become involved in activities that will improve the community and benefit the citizens. When identifying community issues for company involvement, businesses usually do not consider which ones will earn a reasonable profit, generate positive publicity, or build consumer loyalty. However, as a result of being involved in community activities, a business might receive positive publicity which will help build consumer loyalty and increase profit.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. B
Captioned photograph. A captioned photograph is a picture that is accompanied by written text called a caption. Including a photograph with a print news release can help to get information presented. The print media will sometimes use a news release simply because they like the photograph, or they think it will add interest to a particular page. Businesses should send a thank-you note to the editor after the release is used. Businesses do not include promotional souvenirs or reference lists with a news release.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2010). Business (p. 447). Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
92. C
Confirm that red items have been displayed. The day before a special promotion you should make sure that all the items related to the event are on display. If it's a Valentine's Day promotion, you should make sure that red items are prominently displayed because customers will be looking for those items. The day before a special event is too late to order goods or make sure that ads have appeared in the newspaper. It should not matter whether the salespeople who worked last year are working this year.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2000). Entrepreneurship and small business management: Teacher's manual (2nd ed.) [p. 209]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. B
Remove damaged items. Maintaining displays in good condition often involves removing those items that have become damaged or soiled. Over a period of time, the items may be damaged. Damaged items detract from the appearance of the display. The restaurant should remove those items from the display and replace them with new items to maintain the display in good condition. Once a display is constructed, a restaurant would not add new props, change the background, or update the color scheme.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 393). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Sans serif. Sans serif means that there are no details or flourishes (feet) on letters and characters in the type style. This style of type is plain and usually is easy to read. Sans serif type may be used in headlines or in ad copy. Graphic is not a characteristic of certain styles of type. Pica is a measurement of type size. Dot pattern is a characteristic of halftones.
SOURCE: PR:326
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 547-551]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
95. B
Sales promotion. Sales promotion refers to the activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Coupons and samples are examples of sales promotion. Institutional advertising refers to any paid nonpersonal message that aims to create a certain image in the eyes of consumers. Opt-in e-mail refers to electronic promotional messages that are sent with a recipient's permission and allow the recipient to request removal from the subscriber list at any time. A trade-in allowance is a price reduction offered for selling back an old model of the product that the customer is purchasing.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality and tourism (pp. 260-263). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. B
Designate a week for displays to feature souvenirs, videos, and photos pertaining to the tour. Creating such a "theme week" would draw attention to the tour through the use of displays at the agency. Point-of- purchase displays and themes are one form of customer-oriented sales promotion. Advertising special discounts through outside media and holding a sweepstakes for purchasers are different forms of customer-oriented promotion. Offering incentives to agents is a form of trade-oriented sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2™ ed.) [pp. 211-213]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
97. C
Audio-visual needs for the meeting. To determine the customer's meeting-room needs, the hotel's sales staff needs to ask a few general questions about the room's intended use. Then, s/he needs to ask ( questions focused on who, what, when, where, why, and how. Asking about audio-visual needs is one of the “what's” that needs to be determined so that the customer knows her/his total costs. Inquiring about the customer's budget should wait until a later time. Asking about the attendees’ sensitivity to cold rooms would indicate a problem to the customer. Inquiring about other hotels being considered would be rude. The sales staff needs to focus on his/her property, services, and costs.
SOURCE: SE:111
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 285). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. D
Customers’ needs. Restaurant wait staff often is able to recommend a substitute menu item when the one requested is not available. Although a restaurant's ultimate goal is to sell food, the recommended substitute item should always satisfy customer needs. A waitperson should not substitute menu items just to make a sale. When customers' needs are met, the customers will probably return to the restaurant to eat. Wait staff should not jeopardize satisfying customers’ needs in order to satisfy the business's goals, the suppliers’ demands, or the owner's requests.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 305). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
Direct. The sales closing technique in which the travel agent asks the customer if's/he is ready to buy is a direct close. A summative close is a sales technique in which the travel agent reviews the features and benefits at the conclusion of the presentation. An incentive, or bonus, close is a technique that offers the customer something extra for buying now. With the assumptive close, the travel agent acts like the sale has been made.
SOURCE: SE:895
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [p. 235]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
100. C
During check-in. Hotel employees should inform guests of the hotel's services and amenities during the check-in process. Guests who are not aware that the hotel offers certain services will not use them, which can affect the guests' experience during their stay and can affect the hotel's sales. For example, a guest who does not realize that the hotel has an on-site restaurant will not dine there. As a result, the hotel's food and beverage division loses potential revenue. Advising guests about services during checkout is not beneficial to the guest or to the hotel. Posting is a term that describes adding or subtracting charges to a guest's bill.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 292]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
Test 1030
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. B
Collect samples from the business. The Environmental Protection Agency is allowed to collect samples from a business it suspects of being in violation of the law. It then analyzes the samples to verify that the business is violating the law. If the EPA determines that an environmental hazard exists, it has the right to temporarily close the business until the hazard has been corrected. However, it cannot close the business until it verifies the hazard. The agency would not ask the business to relocate or to sell a different product.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Legal Information Institute, Cornell Law School. (n.d.). Title 7: Agriculture, Chapter 6: Insecticides And Environmental Pesticide Control, Subchapter II: Environmental Pesticide Control,Sec 139g: Inspection of Establishments, etc. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/7/136g.html
2. D
Corporation. A corporation is an artificial entity with legal status owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. Sole proprietorships are owned by one person who receives all the profits. Partnerships are owned by two or more people who share the profits. A cooperative is owned and operated by its users/owners, and it is designed to supply goods and services to its members, not necessarily to make a profit.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. A
Regulation policies are always being instituted, revised, and repealed. For example, the deregulation of the airline industry resulted in lower airfares and more commercial airline routes. There are many regulations in place to protect our physical environment; cruise ships have regulations as to how garbage and waste can be disposed. Automobiles, buses, airplanes, and other forms of transportation are limited to the types of fuel that can be used. Transportation is not the only industry that is regulated by governments. Restaurants, lodging facilities, and tourist attractions all have regulations pertinent to the specific industry. Because each segment of the travel and tourism industry provides different services, regulations vary among businesses. For example, an amusement park has different safety regulations than airlines.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 22, 39, 499]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
4. D
Agents. These are businesses or individuals that assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. Wholesalers are businesses that buy goods from producers or agents and sell to retailers. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods and services and sell them to ultimate consumers. Industrial users are businesses that buy materials or goods that will be used to make other goods and services or in the operation of the business.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. C
Authority to demand cooperation. Strong leaders have the authority and power to influence others and direct the actions of others. A channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to avoid conflict within the channel because the leader has the authority to set goals for the entire channel and demand cooperation, which reduces the possibility of conflict. The leader's authority makes it possible for the leader to assign specific responsibilities to each channel member and persuade members to accomplish their individual tasks. When each member is cooperating and working for the good of the channel, there is less chance of conflict. It is not necessary for the leader to develop friendships. Channel leaders usually do not provide training. It is not possible to regulate change, although an effective leader will help channel members adjust to change.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
6. D
Listen. Speaking and/or writing does not help a person to follow directions. Following directions can only be accomplished by listening to what the other person has to say and interpreting its meaning. Understanding is the result of good listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 258-259]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
7. C
Excellent verbal skills. It is very important for front desk clerks to have excellent verbal skills because their jobs require handling a great many telephone inquiries. Body-language skills can be used in face-toface communication, but they cannot be used on the telephone. A professional appearance and wide experience are assets on the job, but they are not essential to telephone communication.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 82-84]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
8. C
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you avoid blurting out statements without thinking. You take a moment to decide what you'll say—and the best way to say it. You do let others know if you're stating a fact or opinion. You do talk about what's on your mind. And, you do pay attention when others are speaking.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
9. C
Emphasize the relationship between events. Cause-and-effect order explains how one action or event causes another. The order that describes a problem and a plan for solving it is problem/solution order. The order that arranges material into related subcategories is topical order. The order that puts items in time sequence is chronological order.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9—Well Said!
10. D
Short sentences. Short sentences are a characteristic of effective written communications, whereas long, complicated sentences are more difficult for people to read and understand. A sentence of between 17 and 20 words is the most readable. The key to effective written communication is short, precise words used in short sentences and paragraphs. Long paragraphs, complex words, and faulty punctuation also make written communications more difficult to understand.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 48-50]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
11. A
The change may improve the business. Many companies encourage their employees to make suggestions by providing suggestion boxes or by meeting regularly with employees and asking for their suggestions. Not all change is good or motivational to workers. The employees who suggest changes may not feel appreciated unless their changes are adopted.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2009). Harness the power of an employee suggestion program: Beyond the suggestion box. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://humanresources.about.com/od/quality/a/suggestion_pro.htm
12. C
Make eye contact. Looking customers in the eye is one way of demonstrating a customer-service mindset. It shows that employees are focused on customers and their needs. Failing to make eye contact indicates indifference and could cause customers to believe employees don't care about them or their needs. Other ways of demonstrating a customer-service mindset include varying the tone of voice, rather than speaking in a monotone, and smiling at customers, rather than keeping a straight face. It is important to maintain good posture, although that doesn't mean employees should stand at attention.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 388]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. A
Listen to the customer. The customer should be allowed to explain the entire complaint before anything else is done. In some cases, it is helpful to restate the complaint to ensure understanding. The customer may ask for a specific resolution to the problem, or the employee might ask the customer what s/he would like to have done. Determining the appropriate action to take cannot be done until the complaint has been clarified.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 52-53). Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. B
Direct. The package is offered only by the amusement park. Indirect distribution refers to goods/services offered through an intermediary, such as a tour wholesaler. The wholesaler puts together a package and sells/distributes to other channels, such as travel agencies. Network distribution does not exist. A channel of distribution refers to a specific distribution arrangement, either direct or indirect.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Silva, K. E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 248). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. A
Increased job training. When workers lack the skills to perform a job, some businesses will train or retrain employees. This will aid in preserving the human labor force available for producers. Increasing job promotions and wages, rather than decreasing them, will help to maintain the current workforce. Increasing job retirement incentives will only serve to decrease the number of available human resources.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Economic Resources
16. B
Increase. The law of supply and demand states that increased demand and reduced supply drive prices (in this case, interest is the price of borrowing money) up. As long as supply is low and demand is high, interest rates will not drop.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. D
Make decisions. Authority is the power to influence or control the opinions or behaviors of others. An employee's level of authority in a business is affected by his/her job responsibilities, and the guidelines that allow him/her to make decisions on behalf of the business owners. For example, a factory line worker does not have the same level or amount of authority to make decisions as the marketing manager, who often makes decisions about staffing, budgeting, and other marketing activities. The factory line worker usually has a certain way of performing specific tasks and does not manage others. Therefore, the factory line worker has less power to make business decisions. Employees should strive to solve problems rather than create them. Formulating ideas and applying knowledge are desirable and important activities for all employees.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Gibson, J.L., Ivancevich, J.M., Donnelly, J.H., & Konopaske, R. (2003). Organizations:Behavior, structure, processes (11th ed.) [pp. 387-388]. New Your: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. D
It is used as a benchmark to compare real market structures against. Perfect competition rarely exists in the real world. Instead, it's used to compare real market structures against perfect or pure competition. For perfect competition to exist, there needs to be a plentiful supply of goods and services. No business has control over the market, and many businesses sell identical products.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
19. A
Go up. This happens because consumers and businesses make more money and pay more taxes. When prices go down, wages and profits generally decline, also. This means less tax money to support government expenses. When prices and wages go up, tax revenues usually do not remain stable or fluctuate.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. A
Gross domestic product. Gross domestic product (GDP) is defined as the final, total value of all goods and services produced in an economy during a one-year period. The marginal propensity to consume is how much of each dollar of disposable income a consumer will spend instead of saving. The production possibilities curve is a representation of production possibilities in an economy, given the efficient use of limited resources. Nondurable goods and services include those items which are eventually used up— gasoline, paper products, etc.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 61-63). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. C
Unexpected. Initiative is willingness to act without having to be told to do so. An excellent way to show initiative is to handle emergency and other unusual situations on your own. An example might be filling in for a coworker who is ill. Handling regular, routine, or training situations does not reflect initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
22. B
I listen in on others' conversations. Individuals who have integrity adhere to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. This means that they avoid eavesdropping on other people's conversations. Being truthful, not taking others' property, and paying bills promptly all demonstrate integrity.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 259, 266-267). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. D
Act positively. Hannah's taking dance lessons to combat her negative attitude illustrates the “act positively” step in the process of maintaining a positive attitude. She is not letting the negative attitude take over—instead, she is taking action. Looking sharp, realizing that it won't happen overnight, and having a sense of humor are all steps in the process of maintaining a positive attitude, but they are not illustrated by Hannah's actions.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt For Optimism (Positive Attitude)
24. D
Evaluative. Evaluative information is the conclusion people reach after they examine something carefully. Feedback is defined as evaluative information given to you about the things you say and do. Extensive is a general term that means thorough or comprehensive. Creativity is defined as the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Conservative is a general term that means traditional or cautious. Feedback is always evaluative information; however, it is not always extensive, creative, or conservative in nature.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
25. A
Distributing a report to company officers that recommends policy changes. Persuasion is the effort of an individual or group of individuals to influence the attitudes or behavior of another individual or group of individuals. Recommendations for altering established policies is an example of trying to initiate change. Requesting product specifications, distributing goods on a timely basis, and presenting a financial statement are not examples of persuasion because a change in attitude or behavior is not the primary goal.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (2nd ed.) [p. 324]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
26. B
Trust. If people trust the change leader and the change process, they will most likely not resist the change. However, many people resist change because of fear, contentment with things the way they are, or lack of confidence.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
27. D
Listening to coworkers benefits both parties. Being willing to listen to coworkers can benefit both of you. It cannot prevent disagreements or differences of opinion, but it can help to solve them. Giving others "a fair hearing" is one of the ways of being fair to others.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 264 ). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. D
Travel and entertainment card. These cards are especially popular with travelers who do not wish to carry large amounts of cash. Customers must have an excellent credit rating in order to obtain a card and are billed monthly. An unsecured loan is an amount of money borrowed by an individual or business by signing a note promising to repay the loan. An installment credit account is a credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Budget credit accounts are a form of short-term credit with a payment due every 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [pp. 473-475, 481]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
29. C
Specific. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. To accomplish financial goals, they must be specific, realistic (attainable), results-oriented, and timebounded. Financial goals are not general or durable, and they do not need to be conservative.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 13-14). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. A
Life. Life insurance is intended to provide an income to an employee's dependents if the employee dies. An employee purchases life insurance in order to guarantee that surviving dependents will have sufficient income to maintain their standard of living. Some businesses offer life insurance as part of their benefit plan, but in most cases employees must obtain their own life-insurance policies. Medical, home, and collision insurance are not designed to provide an income to an employee's dependents.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 382-383]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
31. D
Accurate. Primary information is new information that is collected for the purpose at hand. Primary information is generally more accurate, more current, and more useful than secondary information; but it is also more expensive and more time consuming to collect. Primary information is not generic, but addresses specific problems or issues. Primary information may, or may not, be internal, which is information located inside the company.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
32. A
It shows the business how it is doing. Accounting records provide managers with such important information as whether the business is earning a profit, what its sales revenues are, the amount of operating expenses, the cost of goods sold, return on investments, and the firm's net worth or total value. This helps managers to know when changes are necessary in order to improve the business's financial position. Keeping good accounting records can point out financial problem areas and show the rate of return on investment but cannot prevent all losses from occurring or increase the return. The accounting system does not usually contribute to the business's image.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
33. A
Increase revenues. A business can learn a great deal from comparing the categories on its income statement. If the figures indicate that the business is spending more but not earning more income, the business probably would decide that it needs to increase revenues. The way to increase revenues is either to increase sales and transactions or decrease expenses, or both.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. D
Accounts payable. Money the business owes is known as accounts payable. Equity refers to assets the business already owns. Assets are things the business owns that are of value. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
35. B
Determining what training resources are available. After a company's training needs are determined, HR or other managers will determine what training resources are available, such as who will conduct the training and what materials will be used. HR management may also manage employee performances, keep records for personnel files, and dismiss employees who are not up to standard, but none of these is the next step after determining training needs.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
36. C
Guest registration records. Secondary information is information collected by others. Guest-registration records are internal sources of secondary information that are collected for one reason and may be used for other purposes, such as for marketing. Guest registration records can provide information about guests' preferences. By knowing this type information, the resort can customize promotional information for guests. External secondary information is obtained from sources outside the hotel chain, such as competitors' web sites, government documents (e.g., census reports), or online industry reports. Airline passenger lists are external sources of information, which are often confidential. Room-status reports are internal reports that advise hotel personnel which rooms are occupied and which rooms are not occupied.
SOURCE: IM:421
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [pp. 43-45, 150]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
37. D
The local chamber of commerce. Many local chambers of commerce post tourism information on their web sites. The sites post different types of statistics—from occupancy rates of lodging facilities and the demographic characteristics of typical visitors to the number of cars that drive the toll roads during vacation season. This type of information helps travel agents to determine the best destinations for travel clients. It may also help convention planners to determine the optimal site for a trade show or business meeting. The Farmer's Almanac provides long-range weather forecasts. The Transportation Security Administration is a government agency that protects the nation's transportation systems. The American Marketing Association is a professional organization for individuals who work in the field of marketing.
SOURCE: IM:423
SOURCE: Cape Cod Chamber of Commerce. (n.d.). Tourism statistics. Retrieved October 19, 2009, from http://www.ecapechamber.com/cape-cod-chamber-tourism-statistics.asp
38. C
Lodging occupancy rates will increase. Hospitality and tourism businesses monitor trends. Trends provide hospitality and tourism businesses with information about changes that are occurring in the industry. By knowing about industry changes, hospitality and tourism businesses can adapt so they can effectively compete in the marketplace. Because hospitality and tourism businesses are often interdependent, they will watch trends for various types of businesses within the industry. For example, if more people are booking airline flights to popular destinations, then they will need lodging, which increases the lodging occupancy rates. If more people need lodging, the hotels need to ensure that they have the resources to accommodate the higher number of guests. If more people are traveling, it is likely that they will spend more money at restaurants and that more people will attend or visit area tour attractions. If tourism increases, then the area's unemployment rate will likely decrease because more businesses will be hiring employees to meet the higher demand for hospitality and tourism products.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [pp. 25-26, 30, 33]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
39. A
It is less expensive than conducting face-to-face interviews. Telephone interviews are less expensive and quicker to administer than face-to-face interviews, particularly if the survey group involves a large number of participants. Although it is a widely used method to collect information, there are several disadvantages to using telephone interviews. For example, many people do not like being called for marketing-research purposes, so they hang up on the interviewer, or they place their telephone number on a national “do not call” list, which prohibits certain types of organizations from calling people on the list. Telephone interviews do not necessarily provide more credible data than other survey methods.
SOURCE: IM:328
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 246-248]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
40. D
3. Range is the distance between the highest value and the lowest value. In this example, five is the highest value because it represents the most times during the month that customers visited the business. The lowest number of times customers visited the business was two times a month. To calculate the range, subtract the lowest value from the highest value (5 - 2 = 3).
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Jr., Bush, R.P. & Ortinau, D.J. (2000). Marketing research: A practical approach for the new millennium (p. 527). Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
41. B
Properly labeled. To make the data more interesting and easier to understand, businesses often present data in a table. The graphic presentation of data supports and reinforces the oral or written information. It is important that the data in the table be labeled so the audience understands what the data represent. To provide clarification for the audience, labeling involves placing headings at the tops of the corresponding columns or at the sides of the corresponding rows of the table. Although tables can present data in a visually attractive way, the data will be meaningless without proper labeling. Tables should be placed in the most appropriate or applicable section of a written report, which might include the appendices. Large tables usually are not placed in the margins of a written report because of space limitations.
SOURCE: IM:347
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 382]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
42. A
Relevant and timely. When making an oral presentation, the speaker should present research findings that are relevant, accurate, objective (unbiased), and timely (current). The speaker should present the information in a clear, concise way. Although it helps to grab and maintain the attention of the audience by presenting the research findings in a creative or interesting way, it is more important that the information be relevant, accurate, objective, and timely. The speaker should not present superficial or insignificant information.
SOURCE: IM:391
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 179, 189-190]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
43. B
Service. Walt Disney theme parks provide a product that is intangible and involves performing acts that satisfy customers' needs or wants. The park provides fun, amusement, and entertainment, which are not concrete or physical in nature. Service marketing has a high degree of perishability since it cannot be stored or warehoused for future use. The person is not promoting or marketing a cause, a lifestyle, or an intermediary.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 32-33]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
44. A
A business can't be all things to all people. Selecting a target market is crucial because a business can't be all things to all people. It must select a target market and focus all its activities on this chosen group of people. It is not required by law to select a target market. Many companies share the same target markets. A company can develop products without a target market, but it would be very difficult to market or sell the product before deciding.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now (Employee Actions)
45. B
Convention groups. Conventions consist of groups of people with a common bond (e.g., career or work) that meet in one facility. Many convention activities involve trade shows or vendor exhibitions, seminars, workshops, and general meeting sessions. Convention groups vary in size but can consist of more than 600 participants. Hotels that host convention groups must have enough sleeping rooms, meeting rooms, and eating facilities to accommodate large groups. Sightseers and vacationers are considered leisure travelers. These individuals often travel individually or in small groups (e.g., families). Business travelers are those who frequent lodging facilities for business meeting purposes. Often, the meetings are held off the hotel grounds. Business travelers tend to stay in lodging facilities for short periods of time, and many travel alone or in very small groups. Long-term guests are those individuals who often reside for several weeks or months in lodging facilities. Long-term guests are generally individuals or very small groups of people. Leisure and business travelers and long-term guests are markets that tend to travel individually or in small groups. Therefore, these markets do not generally need meeting rooms or large banquet facilities.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Motel Association. (2000). Lodging management program: Year two (pp. 141-144). Lansing, MI: Author.
46. C
Accessing an Internet search engine. A quick, cost-efficient way to obtain current information is by accessing an Internet search engine. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and that displays results. Developing a survey does not obtain the desired information unless it is sent out, completed, tabulated, and analyzed. Archived journals can be found in libraries or by accessing online sources, but may not contain current information. Setting up interviews with experts might take time, so this option is not efficient and could be more costly for the hospitality business.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (2009). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=136861
47. B
Relevant. In order to make business decisions, companies access, store, maintain, and evaluate a variety of information (facts, data). To make appropriate decisions, companies need to make sure the information that they are basing their decisions upon are accurate and relevant. For example, information from an employee's performance review will not help the business determine how to price its products. The information should not be skewed (distorted) or inconsistent because this type of information could lead to poor decisions and undesirable outcomes. While positive information about the company is nice, it is more important that the information is honest, accurate, and relevant.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices(2nd ed.) [pp. 483-484]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
48. B
Manages reservations and books airline seats. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Many integrated software programs are customized to meet the needs of specific businesses or industries. Because a travel agency works with airlines, hotels, cruise lines, car rental agencies, and tour operators, a travel agency would most likely need software applications that facilitate the reservation process with each of these types of businesses. All types of businesses use word-processing programs to type letters, desktop publishing software to develop brochures, spreadsheet programs to present numerical data in grids, and accounting software to monitor clients' payments and store payroll information.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Capterra, Inc. (2009). Travel agency software finder. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://www.capterra.com/travel-agency-software
49. C
Hyperlinks. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. By linking the inn's web site with the web site of area attractions, the site visitor can immediately go to an attraction's web site to obtain further information such as location, hours, services, etc. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing the Web (e.g., Yahoo!). Cookies are text files that are put on a web-site visitor's hard disk and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site in order to track Internet behavior. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format, so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (p. 52). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. B
Because companies need to document wages paid. Businesses typically keep records relating to payroll deductions so they can document what they've paid their employees—including wages earned and deductions made. Businesses do not keep payroll records because employees might quit, a governing agency might ask to see them, or employees might ask questions about the deductions made. They keep them for documentation purposes and, if the records happen to be useful in other situations, that's an added benefit.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
51. C
Improved performance. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses analyze and interpret statistics to make various business decisions. By analyzing statistical information, a tour operator might determine ways in which to improve sales, productivity (higher outputs), or overall performance in order to compete more effectively in the marketplace. Lower demand, increased competition, and lower outputs do not benefit tour operators.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
52. A
Market segmentation. Market segmentation is the division of a total market into smaller, more specific groups. As a result of demographic changes, this is an important issue in the travel and tourism industry that will continue for many years. These demographic changes include an aging population that has time and money to travel, people with diverse lifestyles seeking special-interest travel, and people who have flexible work schedules who can travel at any time. The industry is focusing on these markets in order to provide the type of travel they want. Early retirement rather than delayed retirement is a demographic change that impacts the travel and tourism industry. More and more destinations in all parts of the world are becoming available to tourists.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [pp. 577-579]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
53. D
Function effectively. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Operations make sure that there are materials and supplies available so employees can do their jobs. Operations make sure the physical facility is in good condition so work can be performed efficiently. Effective operations are important because the activities help to increase productivity and make the business successful. Operations are not involved in making sure that the business is able to motivate employees, sell quickly, or inventory products.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 358-359]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
54. A
Skid-resistant strips. These strips help to prevent workers from slipping and/or falling by improving traction in the problem areas that are difficult to keep clean and dry at all times. Hard hats are protective equipment used to prevent injuries to the head. Safety goggles are special glasses used to prevent injuries to the eyes and face. Receiving dock lights help truckers properly align their trailers with the receiving dock.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: SlipControl.com. (2006, March 15). Slip control. Retrieved October 21, 2009, from http://www.slipcontrol.com/products.htm
55. B
With a project plan, you can mentally walk through your project from start to finish. A true statement about project planning is that you can mentally walk through your project from start to finish—in a makebelieve way. In your mind, you see each part of the project. Sometimes, it is helpful to develop a custommade plan for your project, especially if it is a one-time event. Project planning does not help you evaluate what you have accomplished because, during the planning stage, you haven't accomplished it yet. And, when others need to be involved in a project (stakeholders, participants, experts, etc.), you should involve them.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
56. B
Negotiating. In negotiations, a purchasing specialist and a supplier may discuss potential issues and ways to resolve them. To transform something means to change its shape or appearance. To bid means to submit a proposal to complete a job or order. To forecast means to predict something such as sales or trends.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
57. B
Committed, involved, and take responsibility for quality. Executive-level managers are both committed and involved. They take responsibility for quality and do not delegate that responsibility. This is a characteristic shared by organizations with a quality culture. The alternatives remove the responsibility for quality from the executive-level manager and delegate it to others.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Goetsch, D. L, & Davis, S. B. (2000). Quality management: Introduction to total quality management for production, processing, and services (p. 154). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
58. A
Making personal use of company property. Employees can help to reduce expenses by respecting company property. One way that employees can do this is by not taking anything belonging to the business for their personal use. This can range from not making personal use of company vehicles to not taking home pens and pencils. Businesses must replace the company property that employees take for their own use, which results in additional expense for the business. Taking the initiative to find work, reporting incidents of shoplifting, and giving appropriate discounts to customers are ways that employees can help to control expenses.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Antich, M. (2009, September 22). The hidden cost of personal use. Retrieved October 21, 2009, from http://www.businessfleet.com/Blog/Market -Trends/Story/2009/09/The-HiddenCost-of-Personal-Use.aspx#
59. D
Employee safety issue. The current increase in terrorist activity throughout the world is an employee safety issue in the travel and tourism industry. The industry is aware of the threat, but terrorism is difficult to control. Most travel and tourism businesses explain the issue to employees and take measures to keep employees away from potentially unsafe areas. However, it is virtually impossible for the industry to prevent the threat of terrorism because it is beyond the industry's control. The increase in terrorist activity is not an example of a technological problem or an environmental concern. Terrorism is not a medical emergency in itself, although it may create medical emergencies due to a strain on local hospitals to treat injured people.
SOURCE: OP:058
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [p. 568]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
60. B
Wearing disposable gloves when handling the items. Employees can protect their hands from bacteriaridden waste or dangerous cleaning chemicals by wearing disposable gloves. For example, direct contact with strong or dangerous chemicals (e.g., cleaners) might irritate skin or cause an allergic reaction. To reduce contamination, it is preferable to store recyclables outside the premises. Waste or trash is usually not sanitized. To reduce the risk of contamination, employees should wash their hands after handling trash.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Mill, R.C. (2001). Restaurant management: Customers, operations, and employees (2nd ed.) [pp. 278-280, 283]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
61. B
Know emergency escape and route procedures. Every hotel employee should know and understand escape and route procedures in the event of a fire. A fire can occur anywhere, so each employee should be familiar with escape routes and alternate escape routes in all areas of the hotel. Understanding and following the procedures, if possible, helps to lessen chaos and increases the chance to get everyone out of harm's way in a safe manner. Most emergency plans specify certain employees to conduct certain activities during the evacuation. For example, one group of employees might make sure guests are alerted to evacuate. Others might need to follow procedures to protect hotel documents such as guest folios. During a fire emergency, a hotel's sprinkler system should activate automatically. If the sprinkler system malfunctions, all employees should know how to activate the system. However, it is not necessary for all employees to activate the system during the actual fire. Generally, the person closest to the system would activate any backup system on the property. Fire extinguishers are not checked for malfunctions during a fire emergency. They are evaluated by qualified inspectors during nonemergency times. Hotels are often required to keep smoke detectors throughout the facility, including in each sleeping and meeting room. Therefore, employees do not usually carry portable smoke detectors.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 310]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
62. A
Plan ahead and work at a relaxed pace. Truly productive workers plan ahead so that they can work at a relaxed pace. They accomplish much more than those who fail to plan and try to do everything at a frantic pace at the last minute. Organized workers do help to create a good image for the business, but that is not related to their level of productivity.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. A
Self-critical. Few things stop creativity like criticism. Censoring your ideas limits the number of ideas you have and often limits the quality of those that do appear. Independence, curiosity, and determination are traits that creative people often have in common.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
64. D
Use various assessment tools. Using more than one assessment tool will give more accurate results about an individual's abilities and interests. There are a variety of assessment tools available that identify a person's interests, talents, aptitudes, and preferences. Analyzing the results of these assessment tools will help individuals identify suitable occupations. Popular careers are not best suited for everyone. Career fairs and friends can provide suggestions, but they offer a narrow range of options.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 172-177]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
65. A
Education. Employers want information about an applicant's educational background and work experience to determine the applicant's qualifications for a position. Marital status and date of birth are personal information that an applicant can include if desired, but they are not required. A list of references can be presented to the employer at the time of the job interview.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 124-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. D
Leadership ability. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. Employees who exhibit leadership ability are often considered for promotion when businesses have openings in supervisory positions. Many businesses prefer to promote from within the organization and often consider those employees who have leadership ability. Businesses are prohibited by law from considering employees' family status, ethnic background, or personal life when determining who to promote.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 486-488). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. C
Obtain further education and certification. Trade or professional organizations consist of individuals or groups that work within a particular industry. Benefits of belonging to a professional organization include networking opportunities, the establishment of consistent industry standards, trade shows, and venues for members to further their education (e.g., seminars, workshops, classes, certification) within the industry. Continuing education programs can help people keep up with trends associated with their industry. The availability of government funding is dependent on each government's resources and guidelines. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that all governments provide financial support to trade organizations. Joining a professional organization does not necessarily improve or increase employee productivity. Joining a trade organization might help industry members learn about the use of promotion, but it does not necessarily develop the materials or programs for them.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Freeman, J.T. (2002). Hospitality marketing (pp. 294-295). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
68. B
Transports people to destinations away from home. Travel and tourism is a vast industry that provides services to millions of travelers each year. A characteristic of the industry is that it transports people to destinations away from home. This might range from a day trip on a motorcoach to a 14-day Caribbean cruise. The common factor is that people leave their homes and travel by some form of transportation to other destinations for a period of time. Depending on the length of the trip, overnight accommodations and meals might be included. However, providing accommodations is a characteristic of the hospitality industry. Meals might be arranged for all travelers, not just international travelers. The travel and tourism industry does not organize activities in a local community.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [pp. 7-10]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
69. D
Suggestion selling. The server is attempting to increase the purchase by offering tempting desserts. Follow-up is sales activities which occur after a sales presentation or a sale has been made to ensure customer satisfaction. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use. Feature-benefit selling is convincing customers that a good or service has the features that will provide the benefits for which they are looking.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 321-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. B
Modifying existing products. Developing new products often is an ongoing process that involves modifying existing products in some way. Modifications might include making a product more powerful, changing the color of a product, or creating a slighter different version of a product. For example, a company that adds frosting to a basic cereal is developing a new product by modifying an existing product. Marketing specialty products, manufacturing convenience goods, and merchandising retail goods are not examples of developing new products.
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 238-242]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
71. B
To appeal to the target market. Core values represent the underlying worth of products and the image those products project. Products have value beyond price, and these values often are more important to customers than the price. For example, the core values of one product might include quality construction and a respected reputation. These are the values that appeal to the target market and encourage the target market to buy the products. A business does not communicate the core values of its products to justify the price, develop appropriate advertising, or analyze market research.
SOURCE: PM:214
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 207-211]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
72. C
Determine customer preferences. One of the most important internal sources of information to use in deciding what goods to buy is the business's past sales records. These records contain a wealth of information, including statistics on customer preferences. Past sales records indicate how well certain goods sold and if discounts were needed in order to move them. Businesses use this information to help them decide what goods to buy in the future. Reviewing past sales records does not help a business to select qualified vendors, analyze transportation schedules, or organize storage facilities.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 346-348]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
73. A
Perishability. Many food items are perishable and must be ordered in smaller quantities and on a more frequent basis. For example, fresh produce and bakery goods spoil more quickly than other types of food items, such as canned and frozen goods. Restaurants consider the perishability of food items when deciding when to buy. As a result, restaurants usually buy perishable items several times a week to make sure the quality is acceptable. Dependability is a factor that restaurants consider when selecting a vendor. Restaurants do not consider nutrition and sanitation when deciding when to buy food items.
SOURCE: PM:262
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D. (2000). Management of Food and Beverage Operations (3rd ed.) [pp.164-165]. Weimar, TX: Culinary and Hospitality Industry Publications Services.
74. C
The hospitality product is a good or service that satisfies a particular want or experience. Products refer to the goods, services, or ideas that a business offers its customers. The hospitality industry consists of businesses that provide products related to prepared food and beverage and traveling accommodations for people. The hospitality product can include a tangible good (e.g., meal), service (e.g., dining atmosphere), or a combination of both to create a specific feel or experience. Dining service and events (e.g., concerts) are intangible rather than tangible products. Although hotel service is an important product in the hospitality industry, it also encompasses other types of products, such as food and beverage preparation. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that hotel service is the most important product in the hospitality industry. Since hospitality products can be tangible, intangible, or a combination of both, it cannot be assumed that more hospitality products are consumed rather than observed.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Motel Association. (2000). Lodging management program: Year two (p. 137). Lansing, MI: Author.
75. C
Selling a cruise and a city tour before departure. A product extension is an additional product related to, but different than, the main travel product. Travel agents often provide these products as a service to customers. For example, the main product in this situation is the cruise. If customers want to take a tour of the port city before the cruise departs, a travel agent might arrange the tour as a product extension. The product extension adds value to the original product and meets the needs of customers. In the other examples, the travel agent is providing only the main travel product.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2 ed. [pp. 94-95]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
76. B
Advertising. Online advertising is a paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that appears on a web page. Internet advertising has many forms, including banner and button ads and sponsorships. Sponsors are businesses or organizations that pay to associate their names or products with another company or organization. Web hosting refers to the Internet service provider that keeps a business's web pages up and running for a fee. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Bonding is not a widely used term in the Internet marketing industry to describe sponsorships.
SOURCE: PR:164
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 160-161). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
77. D
Cost effective. The average cost of an e-mail campaign is around $1,000, whereas the average cost of a direct-mail campaign is $20,000. The difference in price exists because the printed materials needed for a direct-mail campaign are very expensive to produce. With e-mail, individuals can be pointed to a web site where the same product descriptions, images, and other information can be found. There is no need to print materials or buy postage. Businesses often personalize e-mail messages and always identify themselves because they are trying to sell products. E-mail marketing is not necessarily profit oriented, although earning a profit is often the goal of businesses that use this technique.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13—E -Mail as a Marketing Tool
78. D
To attract attention. Color in advertisements is an attention-getting device because readers tend to notice color ads more often than black-and-white ads. Color is one of the most versatile elements of an advertisement because it can attract attention and highlight certain parts of the ad. Also, readers are more attracted to products that are depicted in their actual color. Unity, balance, and harmony are design principles that do not necessarily involve the use of color.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-522]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
79. D
Focal point. Effective advertising layouts usually contain a focal point that attracts attention and encourages consumers to read the message. Focal points are often the illustrations, but they also can be a combination of headline and illustration. The goal is to draw the reader into the ad. Although the focal point often is an illustration, it is not necessarily a photograph. Not all ads contain a selling price or a Web address.
SOURCE: PR:275
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 429-430). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. B
Drawing media. There are many types of drawing media available that make it possible to create original graphics or to use existing artwork. Adobe Illustrator and Corel Painter are examples of drawing media. Graphic designers often use these programs to design ads and other promotional materials. Adobe Illustrator and Corel Painter are not examples of desktop publishing programs, Web page designers, or video software.
SOURCE: PR:334
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 200-201). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. C
Highlights specific element. Color is an important part of the composition of a print ad. The various colors in an ad need to go together, or be in harmony, for the ad to be visually appealing. In some cases, one color is used to highlight a specific element of the ad such as the business's name which is associated with a specific color. However, the other colors in the ad need to be in harmony with the highlight color. For example, shades of brown and white go well with a highlight color of orange. Color harmonies in a print ad do not create informal balance, develop logical sequence, or emphasize overall design.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-523]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
82. A
Accurate proofs. Digital color is one aspect of digital imaging which involves the development of computer-generated ads and promotional materials and the printing of those materials. Digital color also is a method of preparing accurate proofs that portray the colors exactly as they will appear in the printed piece because the proof is prepared from the same computer file that will be used to print the piece. The concept of digital color is not used to prepare publicity plans, marketing programs, or sales procedures.
SOURCE: PR:274
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 542-543]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
83. D
By using testimonials. Testimonial copy uses a credible source to endorse the use of a good or service. Institutional advertisements attempt to create a favorable image of a company without directly selling products. A conversational tone is used in body copy, usually depicted by quotes, to attract readers' attention and make them want to read more. Although imaginative copy might attract readers' attention, it may not provide proof that the product will perform as promised.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 492-493]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
84. A
Advertiser. The advertiser purchasing the ad should carefully check the ad proof and mark corrections to be made as the advertiser is ultimately responsible for the accuracy of the ad. The engraver prepares the artwork submitted by the illustrator. Media representatives sell space to advertisers.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 557]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
85. C
Positive publicity. As a result of being involved in community activities, businesses often receive positive publicity which helps to create a good image for the business. Businesses that participate in community activities often are recognized for their contributions to the community. The recognition is a form of publicity that is beneficial to the business. To reimburse means to pay back or refund money someone has spent. Compensation is pay or wages for work completed. Businesses usually are not reimbursed or compensated for their involvement in community activities. Advertising is not free, but a paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
SOURCE: PR:315
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 133-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. D
Soft. Soft news is information that does not need to be announced immediately because it will be of as much interest to the public later as it is now. The public will be just as interested next week as they will today in a news release about a business's establishment of a college scholarship. Hard news is information that should be announced right away because the public will want to know about it immediately. Local news is of interest only to those in the immediate area. Print news appears in newspapers, magazines, etc.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 348]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw Hill.
87. D
Special event. Quick-serve restaurants often develop special events to attract customers and increase sales. One type of special event might involve arranging a joint promotional campaign with an area theme park. The restaurant sets up displays that promote the park, sponsors a contest that offers a grand prize, and gives away free admission tickets to the park. Also, both the restaurant and the park advertise the special campaign which encourages customers to visit the restaurant to have a chance of obtaining free tickets or winning a grand prize. This special event generates increased traffic for the restaurant as well as for the park. A publicity stunt is a one-time scheme intended to attract media attention rather than a joint promotional campaign. A celebrity visit involves an appearance by a well-known star or athlete. Trade shows are events where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to build sales leads and interest.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 442]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
88. C
Dump bin. Dump bins are used to display high quantities of merchandise. These types of displays have a low-price image and are often used by discount stores and other businesses that want to attract customers interested in bargains. The merchandise items may or may not be related to each other. A line-of-goods display contains all the same kind of merchandise. A theme is the central idea of a display and may have a seasonal orientation such as autumn or winter. An interior display is one that is located inside the store.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 463-464]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
89. C
To maximize effectiveness. Visual merchandising displays are often elaborate and expensive for retailers to construct. Therefore, retailers want the displays to be as effective as possible. One way to maximize the effectiveness of displays is to maintain them in perfect condition. Burned-out lights or exposed price tags are enough to create a distraction that reduces the display's overall effectiveness. Retailers do not maintain displays in order to utilize floor space, eliminate creativity, or evaluate performance.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 382-383, 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. C
Transactions. A transaction is a business activity such as a sale or a purchase. Monitoring transactions is one way for businesses to track marketing-communications activities because most of these activities are intended to generate sales. For example, businesses place ads, offer coupons, and send direct-mail pieces to customers to encourage them to buy. When customers use the coupons during a sales transaction, businesses can track the marketing-communications activity. Businesses do not track marketing-communications activities by monitoring commercials, suppliers, or priorities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 462-463]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
91. D
New products and services. The overall goal of promotion is to inform, persuade, and remind. In the travel and tourism industry, promotion is often intended to inform customers about new travel products and services. By informing potential customers, the industry is building awareness during the early stages of the buying process. If customers have been adequately informed, future promotions might persuade them to buy or remind them of positive experiences that will encourage them to buy again. The travel and tourism industry often uses contests, sweepstakes, advertising campaigns, publicity, and public relations as promotional tools.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 373-374]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
92. A
Billboards. A billboard is a type of outdoor advertising in which large signs are placed in prominent locations, often along highways. Many hotel chains use billboards to remind travelers about the properties, promote special rates, and provide directions. The billboards are usually located in highly visible areas along the side of well-traveled highways leading into cities. They are intended to attract the attention of travelers who are in need of accommodations for the night. Hotel chains also use magazines, newspapers, and commercials to promote their properties, although these methods are less likely to be seen by potential guests who are traveling by car.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Stutts, A. T., & Wortman, J. F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 129]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
93. A
Promotes immediate feedback and stimulates impulse purchases. Point-of-purchase merchandising appeals to the emotions and visual senses. A window display may get a customer thinking about taking a vacation, thus leading her/him into the agency and initiating immediate feedback. Often, customers who haven't planned to book trips will decide to do so after seeing an agency's window display, thereby making an impulse purchase. If customers have planned to book trips, they may change their minds— booking trips that cost more than the original trip. Because a display can be used for several months, it can lose impact and effectiveness over along period of time. Displays may stimulate interest in the product, but customers will not purchase if the agent is not responsive or has no other information. Thus, point-of-purchase merchandising usually requires the support of other promotional and/or sales tools. Impulse buying does not generally increase long-term brand loyalty.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Mark eting essentials (pp. 382-383). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. C
Trading-up. This is a substitute selling technique of selling a higher priced line than the original request because it will better meet the customer's real needs. Bait and switch is an illegal selling technique whereby a business advertises an item to attract customers in order to sell them something else. Suggestion selling is a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by suggesting additional items after the original decision to buy has been made. An example would be suggesting larger quantities.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111—Using Substitute Selling
95. B
When the customer seems ready to make a buying decision. Most salespeople point out that any time is the best time to close a sale. However, customers are often at different points in the decision-making process. Therefore, salespeople usually try to close when the customer is ready to make a favorable buying decision. The best time to close is not after suggestion selling, after covering all information, or when the customer seems undecided.
SOURCE: SE:895
SOURCE: Anderson, R.E., & Dubinsky, A.J. (2004). Personal selling: Achieving customer satisfaction and loyalty (pp. 214-215). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
96. A
For the use of a hotel's services. Price in the hospitality industry is the amount that guests pay for the primary services provided by a hotel. In most situations, the price is the amount guests pay for one night's lodging, which is considered the main service. However, some hotels provide other services that are included in the price of the room such as an exercise facility, swimming pool, shuttle service to the airport, etc. The money that a guest pays to make a future reservation is a deposit, which is refundable if the guest cancels within a certain period of time. Guests are not charged for requesting additional towels.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Motel Association. (2000). Lodging management program: Year two (pp. 138-139). Lansing, MI: Author.
97. D
Personality. Personality is a person's distinctive traits, qualities, or behavior. People have different personalities; therefore, salespeople need to consider the personality of each customer and tailor their selling methods to appeal to that person. Some people need a lot of information, some are decisive, and others are energetic. Considering the unique personality of each customer will help salespeople to be successful. A person's environment and education might provide clues to her/his personality. Adaptability is the ability to adjust to change, which is a characteristic that may be difficult for a salesperson to identify.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Kiplinger Business Resource Center. (2009, February). Know personality types to keep customers. Retrieved October 21, 2009, from http://www.kiplinger.com/businessresource/recommend/archive/2009/fuelnet_training.html
98. B
Business. Business travelers generally meet with associates or clients. Many times, the businessperson makes presentations or provides handouts in meetings. Advising the guest that there is a photocopy center on the hotel premises might save the guest time and money if copying services are needed; the guest doesn't have to find a copy center or pay for delivery service. Leisure guests are generally vacationing and do not usually require photocopy services. Incentive travelers are guests that have received a reward for some work-related performance. This is a vacation for this type of traveler who would not likely need copy center services. There is not a definition for a social guest or traveler in the hospitality industry.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 46]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
99. D
$85.06. Many restaurants offer special prices on certain types of dinners to attract customers. Customers order those dinners because they are priced lower than usual. If customers also have coupons for discounts, the restaurant calculates the discount to determine the total cost. In this example, the restaurant is offering lobster dinners for $22.99. A table of four orders the dinners, but two of the customers have coupons for discounts. To process the coupons, the restaurant subtracts the discount amount from the cost of the two dinners. To determine the amount of discount, add the cost of the two dinners and calculate the 15% discount ($22.99 x 2 = $45.98; $45.98 x 15% or .15 = $6.897 or $6.90). Then, subtract the discount from the cost of the two dinners ($45.98 - $6.90 = $39.08). Add the discounted price of the two dinners to the regular price of the other two dinners to calculate the total cost for the table ($39.08 + $22.99 + $22.99 = $85.06).
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 165-166, 555-556). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. A
Communicate clearly. Managers must be able to clearly communicate their ideas and what they expect if they want employees to be productive. Managers cannot expect workers to accomplish the business's goals if employees don't know what the goals are or the procedures they should follow to achieve the goals. Managers ask questions, listen, and obtain feedback to determine if they are communicating effectively and if employees understand.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1039
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
The U.S. Congress. The U.S. Congress, which includes the Senate and the House of Representatives, is a primary source of law. It enacts federal statutes (laws). The Supreme Court interprets the laws. The U.S. Congress enacts the formation of administrative agencies. Agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration develop various administrative regulations, which are also primary sources of law.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 5]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Environmental. Environmental regulations are intended to conserve natural resources by requiring businesses to control pollution and dispose of hazardous waste properly. These regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. Workplace regulations are intended to make the work environment safe for employees. Personnel regulations are intended to promote equal opportunity in the workplace. Geological is not a type of regulation.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 673-675]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. C
Airline. Air transportation is regulated by specific government agencies. These regulations affect the travel and tourism industry because airlines are a main form of travel. Airlines are required to abide by regulations concerning safety, routes, passenger rights, etc. Shipping, courier, and mail regulations usually do not have an effect on the travel and tourism industry.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 470). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. C
Promote competition. Using more than one channel to reach consumers is known as dual distribution. Dual distribution is legal as long as it promotes competition. If dual distribution is used to discourage or eliminate competition, the practice is illegal. Dual distribution is not used to improve transportation, eliminate warehousing, or reduce inventory.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 387-388, 401]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin
5. C
Strong leadership. A channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to manage or avoid conflict because the leadership has the power to assign specific responsibilities to each channel member. Strong leadership has the authority to set goals for the entire channel and demand cooperation, which reduces the possibility of conflict. When a channel has strong leadership, channel members work for the good of the channel rather than for their individual goals. A channel of distribution does not need updated technology or limited competition to manage or avoid conflict within the channel. Equal authority might create conflict because there is no clear leader who has power and control over the channel.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
6. A
Follow directions. In order to follow directions or instructions, the person receiving them must listen carefully. Listening is an important skill for everyone, but it is especially important to workers who receive directions from supervisors about their job duties. Good listeners are often effective workers who are less likely to receive criticism and more likely to earn raises. However, listening skill does not enable workers to avoid all criticism, to earn frequent raises, or to become good speakers themselves.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 179-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. B
Actively. Active listening is giving full attention to what is being said. It enables the listener to note major points and to notice gestures or actions which give added meaning to what is being said. Passive listening is casual listening, or paying only partial attention to what is being said. Distractedly describes a listener whose mind is on other things, not just on what the customer is saying. Listening to customers should be thoughtful and rational, not emotional.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 52]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. D
Formal. Different communication styles are appropriate for different situations and for different audiences. When conducting evaluation or counseling interviews with employees, it is usually appropriate to use a formal communication style. The person conducting the interview is in a position of authority and may be discussing problems or behavioral issues with an employee. Maintaining a formal communication style will help the interviewer to remain in control and provide the guidance that may be necessary. Casual and routine communication styles usually are appropriate for discussions between friends or coworkers on the same level. A technical style may be appropriate when communicating complex information to those who understand the information.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 37-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
9. B
Provide supporting information. When employees present their ideas to management or coworkers, they should be prepared to defend those ideas and provide supporting information. Being prepared will help employees remain objective and be able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. Employees should be prepared to explain supporting information because others may have questions or concerns about the ideas. It is usually not necessary for employees to write technical research reports to defend their ideas. The use of aggressive body language may offend others. Employees do not need to demonstrate a sense of leadership when defending their ideas. The best approach is to be prepared.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 132]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. C
Enunciate clearly. Enunciating clearly involves speaking clearly and distinctly, which makes the message easy for the listener to follow. The message may not be clear if employees mumble or speak rapidly. It is sometimes useful to have notes when speaking on the telephone, but it is not always necessary. Other guidelines to follow are to use appropriate vocabulary and to avoid using technical terminology or slang.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-89]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. B
All the necessary information. When preparing written communication, one of the most important rules is to be thorough and provide all the necessary information because the receiver may not have the opportunity to ask questions in person. Letters confirming customer orders should answer the questions of who, what, when, and where by including specific information about ordered items, quantity, delivery address, etc. The letters should contain all the necessary information to verify that what the business intends to provide is exactly what the customers have requested. Whether product ratings and grades, exchange rates, and a map of all business locations are necessary information to include in a confirmation letter depends on the type of business and the customer's needs.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 124]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
12. A
Gain attention, introduce service, create desire for product, and encourage purchase. Because persuasive messages are unsolicited, they must first capture the attention of the reader and cause him/her to read further. The letter then describes the service to the reader, and calls out reasons that the reader should desire the product. Finally, once the reader desires the product, the call to action, or purchase request, is made. Rearranging these steps would not lead the reader through the decision making process. For example, explaining a product or service before gaining the reader's attention about why he/she should read this message is not likely to engage the reader.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 290-291]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
13. C
Horizontal. Such communication is essential to efficient business operation. Vertical communication may move upward from employees to management, or the reverse. Departmental communication occurs within the boundaries of one department. External information comes into the company from the outside.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. A
Speaking at a comfortable volume. To speak pleasantly with customers, you should speak at a comfortable volume—not too loudly or too softly. You also need to vary the tone of your voice and speak neither too quickly nor too slowly.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 32-35]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
15. D
Argumentative. Eva's customer is argumentative. He's trying to pick a fight with her and tell her that she's wrong. A suspicious customer questions everything and is constantly worried that your business might take advantage of him/her. A leave-me-alone customer does not want your advice or assistance even though you might be able to help. An impatient customer shows verbally or nonverbally that s/he does not want to wait in line.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. A
The opportunity to create targeted marketing campaigns. The opportunity to create targeted marketing campaigns is one benefit of customer relationship management. The more you know about your customers and their changing needs and wants, the more you know what kinds of marketing communications they will respond to. CRM does not provide an error-free work force. It should result in an increase in customer advocacy. It should help the business increase its profits, but it will not necessarily double them.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
17. B
Fill orders within a specified amount of time. Businesses often establish service goals that can be measured in order to facilitate the distribution process and improve relations with customers. An example of a measurable goal is filling customers' orders within a specified amount of time, such as overnight or within 24 hours. By setting measurable goals, a business can keep track of how efficiently its distribution process is working and whether customers are receiving their orders in a timely manner. If a business finds that orders are not being filled within the specified time frame, it can take measures to improve performance and satisfy customers. Preparing orders for shipment, organizing the warehouse, and developing invoicing procedures are routine aspects of distribution, rather than measurable customerservice goals.
SOURCE: DS:029
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 615-617]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
18. B
When they are needed. Making goods or services available to consumers when consumers want or need them creates time utility. Price and credit terms help create possession utility. Making products available in different locations creates place utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Utility)
19. C
Promotion. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Promotion is one aspect of marketing that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Evaluating and controlling are functions of the business activity of management. Inventory is a function of the business activity of operations.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business
20. D
Decreased company value. An increased financial risk for a company with poor business ethics is decreased company value. An unethical company loses sales, and its stock decreases in value. This causes a decrease in the overall company value. Unethical companies also suffer from decreased productivity. A company with poor business ethics does not have decreased labor costs.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
21. D
A higher standard of living than that of people in many other countries. In our society, goods and services are being developed and improved to make our lives more convenient, easier, and perhaps even longer and healthier. As a result of competition, there are more goods and services from which to choose and more changes to existing products. Although our government monitors business activities, it does not control our economic system. Control of our economic system is found in the interaction of buyers and sellers.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
22. B
Taxes and borrowing. Government collects taxes from taxpayers to pay the costs of regulating business and providing services. The taxes collected are not sufficient to cover government expenses which make government borrowing necessary. Nontaxpayers don't provide money to the government. Business, labor, and industry are types of taxpayers.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. A
Low depth, high scope. Scope is the number of tasks involved in a job and the frequency with which they occur. Depth is the amount of control and decision making an employee has in a job. A manager who is preparing a monthly calendar is performing a number of different operations (high scope). However, the fact that the job must be done according to franchisor specifications means that the manager has little control over the task (low depth).
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 11-12]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
24. D
Depression. In an economic depression, consumers often choose to save their incomes due to uncertainty about the future. Many of them also lose their jobs, so there is more incentive to save than to spend. In a period of economic expansion, consumers spend more and save less because they are optimistic about the future. During times of economic recession, consumers are inclined to save more and spend less; however, it is for a shorter time period than an economic depression. In an economic recovery, consumers begin to spend again because there is optimism about the future of the economy.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (pp. 64-66). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
25. D
An improved standard of living. International trade provides important consumer goods to countries where these products are not available or are in short supply. Making these goods available to all countries improves the standard of living throughout the world. An increased trade deficit, higher prices for goods and services, and stronger trade restrictions are not benefits of international trade.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
26. A
Adaptability. Adaptability means to be flexible and able to adjust to changing conditions. John needs to adapt to having additional responsibilities. Loyalty to the company may provide motivation to shoulder the extra work, but it will not help John to do the actual job. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Initiative is willingness to act without having to be told to do so.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
27. A
You must decide whether or not to drink with friends at a party. According to the law, alcohol is only for people who are 21 and over. If you're under 21 and you drink, you're not only being irresponsible, you're also breaking the law. There are no laws telling you whether or not you should keep money you found, lie to your parents, or cheat on a test. These decisions are irresponsible but not illegal.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. A
Use it to improve your job performance. When criticism is fair, it highlights those areas which need to be changed. Complaining or ignoring the criticism would be of no benefit. Most job situations invite criticism at some time, so changing jobs is not a practical solution.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. C
It is the only thing that is constant in our lives. Things in life change so rapidly that keeping up is often difficult. Many people change occupations four or five times during their lives. Change is very obvious in our personal lives. Changes also create many problems for business firms and make it necessary for them to make changes of their own.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building(7th ed.) [p. 511]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
30. A
Strategizing. When people are strategizing, they are developing a plan of action for something, such as a negotiation. Strategizing for a negotiation involves anticipating the other person's negotiating styles and strategies, and then planning appropriate responses. This helps the negotiator prepare for different situations, which often puts him/her in a better position to get what s/he wants. Sympathizing with someone is to feel sorry for her/him because s/he is experiencing a problem or is suffering misfortune. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them in order to achieve personal goals. Negotiators do not decide how to get what they want by making demands, sympathizing, or being aggressive.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
31. B
Initiating conversations with others. Taking the initiative to approach other people and begin conversations is a good example of assertive verbal behavior. Other examples include openly expressing your positive or negative thoughts, asking questions, and requesting help. Maintaining appropriate eye contact is an example of nonverbal behavior. Giving a progress report in a staff meeting is a routine job task that does not demonstrate assertive verbal behavior. Complimenting someone to obtain a favor is not assertive but dishonest and manipulative.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. A
Quality circle. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend solutions to management. Their main goal is to improve the quality of the company's products. This is a long-term goal for which a short-term committee would be inappropriate. A project team is a team of employees from different parts of the company who are assigned to work together on a specific project such as new-product development. A network is a computer hookup, not a team.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean On Me (Teamwork Skills)
33. B
Encouraging unnecessary compromise. A disadvantage of consensus building is that it encourages group members to compromise—all the time—even when it might not be wise for a group member to give in on his/her personal beliefs. Persuasive skills should not be a part of consensus building. But, if they are, consensus building certainly does not rely on them. Some group members may speak in front of the group, but no one is required to. Everyone is given equal say, but how a group member presents his/her information can vary. Discussing different points of view is not a drawback to consensus building. In fact, it promotes it.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
34. D
Very important. On the job, you might be required to interact frequently with supervisors, coworkers, and customers. You must be able to deal effectively with all of these people if you are to perform your job well. It is also important to the career success of the individual since more people lose their jobs because they can't get along with others than for any other reason.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
35. D
Businesses pay 0.75% of each debit card sale to the bank that handles the billing. Although businesses pay a percentage of their credit sales to the bank that handles the credit card transactions, they pay a flat fee for each debit card transaction, regardless of the amount of the sale. Therefore, debit card transactions usually cost business less than credit card charges do. Because a business is informed during the debit card transaction if the customer has insufficient funds, there is no risk of the business not getting paid. It is easier for customers to get debit cards than credit cards, and businesses get their money sooner when customers use debit cards instead of checks.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 334-337). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. C
Credit. Businesses use credit to obtain goods and services to sell, and consumers use credit to purchase those goods and services. Interest is the fee that lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Capacity is the individual's ability to earn income, one of the three C's of credit. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. D
College education. Most new parents begin saving for their children's college education after they are born, but some begin earlier. Tommy will likely have to pay for his own retirement and life insurance. As soon as he is born, he will likely be put on their health insurance until he can afford his own.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 266). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. B
Subtract fees and charges. To complete checkbook balancing, Matt needs to subtract fees and charges. Some financial institutions charge a monthly fee on bank accounts, especially those with less than a certain balance. They also have charges for new checks, bounced checks, etc. All of these charges must be subtracted from the balance in the check register to obtain an accurate monthly balance. Interest is added to, not subtracted from, the check register balance. Matt does not need to call the bank for a new statement just because the latest deposit is not on his current statement. He does need to subtract fees and charges and add any interest before he can consider everything done.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. D
Collectibles. Items that gain or lose value over time are collectibles—such as antiques, gems, stamps, dolls, and sports memorabilia. “Collecting” usually involves owning these items, waiting until they become really valuable, and then selling them for a profit. With stocks and stock mutual funds, investors own pieces of corporations or agencies. With real estate investments, investors own property.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
40. D
Records credit purchases when the purchases are made. The accrual method of accounting records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. This method, therefore, keeps the business up-to-date on the amount of sales rather than on the amount of cash received. The cash accounting method records both income and expenditures at the time the money changes hands. It is the method most frequently used by small businesses, especially those that don't offer credit.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
41. B
Employees' salaries. Liabilities are debts that a business owes. Liabilities are classified as current, which means that the debts will be paid off during the year, or long-term, which means that they will be paid off over a period of time. Employees' salaries are current liabilities because the business is expected to pay its employees for their work on a regular basis throughout the year. Mortgage loans are long-term liabilities because businesses usually make mortgage payments for several years. Accounts receivable are assets because they are all the monies owed to the business by its customers. Owner's equity is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 772). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. C
To estimate income. The sales budget sets the financial pace for a business by estimating what amount of expenses and income can be expected from the sale of the business's goods and services. Sales budgets are extremely important because they estimate the major source of income, which helps a business determine if it will be profitable. Businesses take into consideration future trends, the state of the economy, and the level of competition when developing sales budgets.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
43. B
True; all employees make either a positive or negative impact on a business. A good employee in a certain job position can boost a company's productivity, help create profit, and contribute to a pleasant working environment. The wrong employee in that same position may not only cause a company to miss out on these benefits but can also create negative results in their place. Not all employees make a positive impact. Managers, supervisors, executives, and board members are not the only people who make an impact on a business.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. B
A competitive advantage. When a tour company acquires up-to-date, relevant marketing information from reputable sources, it can make thoughtful business decisions and take action to offer new travel products, increase its profits, and gain market share. A tour company that takes steps to increase its market share may gain a competitive advantage, which is the edge achieved by the business for offering something better or different from its competitors. Quality assurance is the process by which a business achieves its desired level of quality. Balance of trade is the difference between the value of a nation's exports and its imports. Although favorable business decisions should provide the business with more brand recognition, recognition is not guaranteed.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Raza, I. (2005). Heads in beds: Hospitality and tourism marketing (pp. 18-22, 217-218, 237). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
45. D
Trade association. Secondary information is information that has already been collected by others. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry (e.g., hospitality) or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Trade associations often gather marketing information about their industries, so they are a good source for obtaining secondary information about industry trends. A sampling plan is an outline or document that describes the process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey. Guest comment cards and telephone interviews are sources of primary information, which is new information collected for a specific purpose.
SOURCE: IM:421
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [p. 167]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
46. A
Tax change. Governments that raise hotel or sales tax rates can affect a region's hospitality and tourism. If the tax rates are too high, vacationers or tourists are more likely to travel to destinations that have lower tax rates, which will reduce their travel expenses. Natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes) and the unemployment rate are economic factors that can affect the hospitality and tourism industry. Terrorism is a political factor.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 132-133]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
47. A
The resort's peak season occurred during the second quarter. Successful hospitality businesses monitor their sales data on a continuous basis. Monitoring sales data helps resorts to identify trends and selling cycles, establish sales forecasts, and determine if they are meeting their sales objectives. The provided sales information reveals a substantial sales increase during the second quarter, which indicates that this is the resort's peak season. This is likely due to higher resort occupancy rates, and the purchase of more ski passes and ski rentals during the winter months, when guests stay at the resort to snow ski. There is not enough information provided to determine if the resort is experiencing financial problems or if it did not meet its annual sales objectives. Total sales for the year were $2,369,427 ($652,276 + $947,550 + $423,835 + $345,766 = $2,369,427). The first and third quarter sales were $1,076,111 ($652,276 + $423,835 = $1,076,111). Half of the annual sales would be $1,184,713.50 ($2,369,427 ÷ 2 = $1,184,713.50). Therefore, the combined sales for the first and third quarters did not exceed half of the year's annual sales.
SOURCE: IM:426
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 155, 158, 793]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
48. D
4. Range is the distance between the highest value and the lowest value. In this example, 8 is the highest value because it represents the most times during the month that the people responding went to the movies. The lowest number of times the people responding went to the movies was 4 times a month. To calculate the range, subtract the lowest value from the highest value (8 - 4 = 4).
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 445-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. D
Adjust prices. Deciding on a product's price is not always easy. Businesses must consider many factors, some of which encourage businesses to adjust prices. For example, if a product is in great demand, businesses might increase the price because customers are willing to pay the price to obtain the product. If a product is in great demand, a business would increase inventory in order to increase sales. Businesses do not contact competitors about prices. By gathering information, a business might learn that a product is in great demand.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. D
Escorted bus tour plus lodging. Marketing a travel and tourism service involves marketing intangibles, which often are experiences. In this example, the escorted bus tour is a travel experience that participants enjoy. It is not a tangible product, although the bus and lodging facilities are physical items. The difference is that participants purchase the experience of the bus tour rather than the bus or the hotel room. The use of the bus and the hotel room are part of the experience. Dinner, souvenirs, and postcards are tangible items that can be marketed and sold. They may add to the overall travel experience, but they are not services.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Gorham, G., & Rice, S. (2007). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travelprofessional (4th ed.) [pp. 204-207]. Clifton Park, NY: Thomson Delmar Learning.
51. C
Guest history records. These records contain the names and addresses of all previous guests. The hotel can use this information to create a mailing list and to encourage previous guests to return. A guest folio is a record of an individual guest's hotel charges. Express check-out is a system used by many hotels to speed the check-out process for departing guests. The daily transaction report lists telephone charges for each guest room.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association (2005). Lodgingmanagement program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 174-175]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
52. A
Accomplish a task. Businesses need information to manage and operate the business. The reason they obtain information is to use it to accomplish a task, such as locating new customers, organizing inventory, or developing a new marketing strategy. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the business applies it to accomplish a task. Businesses do not obtain information simply to develop a database. They determine a need before obtaining information. They evaluate the source of the information to determine its usefulness before applying it to accomplish a task.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
53. A
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is a major federal law regarding information management and accounting records. Businesses must take proper steps to comply with this legislation. The Sherman Anti-Trust Act relates to monopolies. The Landrum-Griffin Act and the Taft-Hartley Act both relate to labor issues.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
54. B
Quotation marks. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. To narrow the scope of the information that the search query returns, Eli should place quotation marks around the specific phrase, such as “International Internet Marketing Association.” By using quotation marks, the search will return results with those words in the exact way the researcher enters them, which narrows the scope of the returned results. Asterisks, the number sign, and the equal sign are not keystroke options that will narrow online search results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved May 24, 2010, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=136861
55. D
Database. Database software programs are used to collect, sort, organize, and analyze information quickly. A cruise line would use database software to maintain a list of recent passengers and their cabin preferences. The cruise line could sort the information according to various factors, such as the passengers' addresses, and develop mailing lists to promote upcoming cruises. Businesses use presentation software to develop visual aids to supplement an oral presentation. Communication software programs are used to send information from one computer to another. Word-processing software programs are used for writing and editing documents.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Who will be responsible for record keeping. The phases of record keeping include getting started, implementing the process, and monitoring/adjusting the process. At the "how to keep them" point (in the "getting started" phase of record keeping), the business must set policies and practices, deciding whether or not the records should be kept digitally and who should be responsible for creating, maintaining, and destroying the records. Where competitors keep their records is not an issue in a firm's own record keeping. Employees may or may not dislike record keeping. No client should be excluded from the records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
57. D
Work in various locations. The increased use of computers and telecommunications equipment is changing the way many companies operate and do business. At one time, most employees worked in one location and communicated with others through written memos and phone calls. Today, computers and telecommunications equipment allow many employees to work in various locations and maintain contact with coworkers, managers, and customers. For example, an employee with a laptop computer can work from home, while traveling by air to an appointment, while conducting business in a foreign country, or while relaxing at the beach. Routine tasks often do not involve the use of computers or telecommunications equipment. The increased use of computers and telecommunications equipment does not necessarily allow employees to participate in management or encourage them to compete with coworkers.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 134). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. C
Demand for your business's products. One way to determine the importance of an issue or trend you discover during an environmental scan is to ask, "How does this affect demand for our goods and services?" Your personal finances should not be an issue when conducting an environmental scan for work. An environmental scan does not relate to your competitors' personnel. A trend's impact on foreign governments does not necessarily affect its importance to your business.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
59. C
Room rack. A room rack is a series of metal file pockets that hold information about the status of each room as well as information about features and rates. A hotel clerk could look at the information in a room rack to find out which available room best fits a guest's needs. A fax machine sends copies of written material through telephone lines. A switchboard is the telephone answering system. A key drawer contains keys to the hotel rooms.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [pp. 532-533]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
60. B
Operations. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-today activities required for the company to function. Because planning a production schedule involves making sure that resources (e.g., workers, equipment, raw materials) are available to produce the company's goods and/or services, Mr. Mason is performing operations activities. Without these resources, the business cannot function. Promotion and sales are marketing activities. Financial activities involve obtaining and managing the company's cash and assets.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (pp. 557-558). Boston, Houghton Mifflin.
61. B
Report or correct safety hazards. Employees should routinely report or correct such hazards as torn carpet, slippery spots, spills, etc., which may cause accidents to themselves or to others. They should not, however, try to fix anything that is broken since some repairs should only be made by experts. OSHA is a governmental agency that writes and enforces safety standards for businesses, not an organization to join. Paying workers' compensation is the responsibility of the business, not the worker.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
62. A
Customer's signature. The back of a credit card contains a place for the customer's signature. When accepting credit cards for payment, employees should check the signature on the back of the card to make sure it matches the customer's signature on the charge slip. Carefully checking signatures on credit cards is one way for employees to help prevent fraud by detecting customers who are trying to use stolen cards. The expiration date and account number usually appear on the front of a credit card. A credit card's identification code usually is its account number.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 112). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
63. D
To reduce the possibility of loss. Businesses establish security procedures, which are activi ties that employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. For example, robbery usually results in financial loss. Employees do not follow established security procedures to create a pleasant facility, avoid the risk of accidents, or develop a healthy environment.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [p. 618]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
64. B
Negotiation. Negotiation is the process of one person reaching an agreement with another person to meet specific wants or needs. Negotiation is an important skill because project managers must be able to influence others to take a certain course of action in order to achieve a desired outcome. Leadership is the ability to guide others in a desired manner. Organization is bringing all components together to achieve the project goals. Communication is the ability to express yourself clearly and simply.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen (Project Management)
65. B
Is careful when using equipment. Exercising care when handling equipment and money may prevent damage and/or loss, thereby helping to control expenses. A well-groomed appearance and effective communication are important in presenting a positive business image but are not related to expense control.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Payne-Palacio, J., & Theis, M. (2009). Introduction to foodservice (11th ed.) [pp. 399-400]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
66. C
Attract and retain customers. People generally feel more comfortable when they enter a business that is neat and clean and has a pleasant atmosphere. Businesses keep their facilities in good condition in order to attract and retain customers. Businesses are not well maintained in order to appeal to suppliers. A well-maintained business does not necessarily have a sanitation department or high operating expenses.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Motel Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year one (p. 220). Lansing, MI: Author.
67. B
Bait money. Bait money is a few bills whose serial numbers have been recorded. Many gift shops keep a few of these bills in the cash register in the event there is a robbery situation. The robbers are given the bait money which often helps to identify and apprehend them at a later time. Gift shops usually do not hire armed guards or keep police radios on hand. Most shops do not keep concealed weapons because they are more of a danger to employees than a way of handling a robbery situation.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (p. 94). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
68. A
Limit shore tours to ones approved by the cruise line. Cruise lines conduct extensive research and planning to determine the best route and destination points. The companies are familiar with many of the local tour and transportation services at the ports of call, and not all of them meet the standards of service and ethical responsibility that the cruise line or traveler expects. Therefore, tourists should use tour companies that are approved or recommended by the cruise line. This recommendation also applies to any transportation service (e.g., bus or taxi). Valuables, such as jewelry, should be locked in a safe on the ship to reduce the chance of theft onboard the ship or while on shore. For safety measures, a tourist should travel in organized groups instead of alone while on shore.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Gorham, G., & Rice, S. (2007). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travelprofessional (4th ed.) [pp. 34-35, 231, 234]. Clifton Park, NY: Thomson Delmar Learning.
69. D
Your physical body and your dress. Your physical body (and the health of it) along with how you dress (the clothing you wear) are the two most important factors influencing your personal appearance. How you take care of your body and what you do with it, along with how you present yourself through clothing, are decisions that affect your personal appearance. Your personal appearance is usually a critical factor that affects your self-concept, self-esteem, personality, and behavior. Your income and educational level are not directly tied to your personal appearance. Your personal appearance may reflect a certain income or educational level, but it doesn't have to.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. D
Organized. Orderly and systematic individuals keep track of everything that is going on in their lives. A bold individual is a risk taker. A cautious person is careful in making choices. Chaotic behavior would be unorganized and unpredictable.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. D
Pinpoint your main goal. When breaking down your goal, the first thing you should do is pinpoint your main goal. Once you know where you're headed, you split your main goal into several smaller goals. Then, you prioritize them. Updating your goals is not part of breaking them down.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. A
Jeff makes a "to-do" list. A "to-do" list is a list of activities that an individual plans to accomplish during a certain period of time, and it is a good technique for using time wisely. Sara is working quickly but not necessarily efficiently. Karen is procrastinating and may end up with no time or less time to complete the tasks she keeps putting off. Dan allows others to take up his time.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
73. B
Write in "unknown." On occasion, people will encounter questions on employment applications for which they do not know the answer. When this situation occurs, it is acceptable to write "unknown" in the space. This indicates that the applicant has read the question but either doesn't have the information available or doesn't know the answer. It is always better to write in "unknown" or "NA" than to leave a blank space that might make an employer think that an applicant forgot to answer the question. Applicants should never make up answers. Employment applications are not allowed to contain the types of questions that would obtain strictly personal information from applicants, such as age or religious preference.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
74. C
Work at the company that is hiring. Many of the people in a network are professionals that the individual knows because of business or work-related activities. The advantage of including these people in a network is that they often work at the company that is hiring and can pass on information to others in the network. If the contacts are interested in the same position, they might not be willing to network and share information. The contacts may have information about job skills and know how to communicate with others, but those are not reasons why networking is so effective.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building(7th ed.) [pp. 401-402]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
75. B
Certification. Some professional organizations in the travel and tourism industry provide training that results in conferring a certificate of completion. This certification indicates that an individual has completed an approved training course and is qualified to perform certain functions. For example, the National Tour Association awards a certificate to tour professionals who take specific courses and have at least five years of experience in the tour industry. Not all training programs provide firsthand experience. Professional organizations do not award college degrees. Some courses are offered online as a way for participants to obtain certification.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Gorham, G., & Rice, S. (2007). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travelprofessional (4th ed.) [pp. 6-7]. Clifton Park, NY: Thomson Delmar Learning.
76. C
Transportation advancements increase the demand for hospitality services. The development of the automobile and airplane, as well as roads and highway systems, in the past century has made travel faster and easier. As a result, more people are traveling for business and pleasure, which increases the demand for hospitality services. Political factors do, in fact, influence the development for hospitality services. For example, the end of the cold war, marked by tearing down the Berlin Wall, increased opportunities for travel to various countries. As travel increases, the need for hospitality services increases. Because of advancements in the transportation industry (e.g., automobile and air travel), the hospitality industry has grown and changed significantly in the past one hundred years. An increase in tourism would create a higher demand for hospitality services.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 130, 146-147]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
77. C
Negotiable. The hospitality industry experiences fluctuations in demand for hotel accommodations. Supply and demand fluctuations occur for many reasons. For example, seasonal factors affect how resorts price their rooms. They often charge higher prices during typical vacation times because more people are traveling and need sleeping accommodations. Room prices are also affected by the economy. When the economy is good, more people take vacations and more organizations hold off-site business meetings. This creates a higher demand, which lowers the availability of hotel rooms. When people are traveling less, there is a decrease in demand and an increase in room availability. When this occurs, guests can often negotiate lower prices for the guest rooms. The hotels are willing to negotiate so that rooms do not go unoccupied, which is a financial loss for the hotels. Hotel room prices are not consistent, unimportant, or imprecise as a result of changes in supply and demand.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 456-458, 663-666]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
78. A
Product positioning. Positioning is a product mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. In most cases, businesses want the image of the new product to match the business's image and the image of its other products. Businesses create an overall image that they project to consumers, and maintain that image by positioning new products accordingly. It would confuse customers if a business with a low-cost image positioned a new product as expensive or exclusive. Also, customers might not buy an expensive new product from a business with a low-cost image. Promotional pricing is pricing goods/services at low levels and advertising them heavily. Creating an economical image of a new product to match the business's low-cost image is not an example of publicity planning or persuasive selling.
SOURCE: PM:228
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 645). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. D
Whether products will be available when needed. Purchases need to be made so that products needed for resale and/or raw materials needed for production will be on hand at the appropriate time. The quality and the variety of products to be purchased are part of the process of deciding what to buy. Safety stock is a slightly larger amount of stock than the business expects to sell. It is more likely to create overstocking than to prevent it.
SOURCE: PM:262
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 356-357]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
80. A
Vacation clubs. Company employees are offered special vacation packages or discounted prices on leisure trips they book through the agency. Familiarization trips are taken by meeting planners and travel professionals to inspect sites. Guaranteed lowest airfare and advance seat assignments are common services offered by most all agencies—not only to corporate travelers, but to leisure travelers as well.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [p. 252]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. C
Concession. During negotiations, one party often makes a concession which involves giving up something in exchange for getting something else. For example, a buyer might offer to sign a contract to purchase items for $5.25 instead of $5.00 if the vendor agrees to deliver the items in two days instead of five days. Making a concession is often the way for both parties to get what they want. However, this process is only effective if both parties are flexible and each party actually receives something of value. In this case, the buyer negotiated a prompt delivery in exchange for paying a little more. Once negotiations are completed, a buyer makes a commitment to sign the contract. Offering something in exchange for something else is not a transition or a statement.
SOURCE: PM:264
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 476-477]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
82. B
Superstitial. This is the next generation of interstitials, which feature minivideos timed to appear when the user moves the mouse within the web site. Interstitials are Java-based ads appearing while the publisher's content is loading. Daughter windows are a variation of interstitials. They appear in a separate window overlaying the browser window. Interactive banners are activated by some action from the user.
SOURCE: PR:164
SOURCE: Strauss, J. & Frost, R. (2001). E-marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 227-231]. Prentice Hall.
83. C
List management. List management is the manual or automatic act of organizing, handling, and/or supervising the information about individuals who deal with a particular business. E-mail marketers maintain lists of customers that need to be managed. Some of the responsibilities of list management include deleting duplicate addresses and removing unauthorized subscriptions. An Internet service provider is a company that provides access to the Internet. Automation programs do not require a human to operate. Permission-based marketing is known as opt -in e-mail.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13—E -Mail as a Marketing Tool
84. A
Color. Color is one of the most effective and flexible elements of a print advertisement because it can attract attention and help create the desired mood. Color can dramatically and realistically show products and highlight certain parts of the ad. Also, readers tend to pay more attention to color ads than to ads in black and white. A symbol is a distinctive design or group of letters that usually remains the same rather than being flexible. Layout is not an element of a print ad but the way in which the elements of an advertisement are arranged. Unity is a design principle rather than an element.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 430). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. A
Distinctive. Certain type styles are more distinctive and unusual than others. In many cases, the type styles used in advertisements are selected because they stand out and are distinctive. The intent is to attract the readers' attention and encourage them to continue reading. Often, distinctive type styles are used in headlines to set one advertisement apart from all of the others. Most type styles are available in both a condensed and an italicized form. All type styles include lowercase letters. However, the style is used because it is distinctive.
SOURCE: PR:326
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 431-433). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. D
Emotional. The emotional approach to creating ad copy uses strong language to reach the audience. The words selected are intended to reach the audience on a psychological, or emotional, level; the words are used to create a certain feeling. For example, a card company that advertises its line of Mother's Day cards may use language that reminds us how wonderful mothers are. Words such as love, devotion, guidance, great, or best might be used to reach the audience and entice people to buy a card, which reflects the sentiment expressed in the advertisement. Comparative copy is used when the advertiser makes a direct comparison of a good or service with a competitor. Usually, the advertiser emphasizes its strengths and the competitor's weaknesses. The factual approach to advertising copy uses language that describes the good or service. It may explain how the product works, what it is made of, and why the audience needs it. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 493-496]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
87. C
Will look when it is run. The proof shows exactly how the ad will appear if it is printed without any changes. It has not been corrected. The proof is sent to the advertiser to be checked for errors. If there are errors, the advertiser marks them on the proof and immediately returns the proof to the publisher. A tear sheet is a copy of the actual ad that is sent to an advertiser after an ad has run. The advertiser usually has a contract with the publisher that indicates how an ad will be billed.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 433). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
88. B
Food for the needy. Community issues are those issues that affect the community as a whole such as homelessness or food for the needy. To be socially responsible, businesses often become involved with and support certain community issues. This involvement benefits the community because businesses are able to provide support which often includes money as well as time. The involvement also benefits the businesses because they receive positive publicity which helps to create a good public image. Consumer rights, truth in lending, and personal ethics are not community issues.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. B
Navigation. Viewers need to be able to move around a web site easily. They like to know where they are on web sites. To make this a reality, websites' navigation needs to be carefully planned. To attract attention, banner ads should not be consistent, but change. Hyperlinks enable viewers to jump from section to section, page to page, or site to site on a web page. They are written in code that is not seen by viewers. Click throughs are performed by viewers after a web site is in place.
SOURCE: PR:328
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 193-195). New York: Glencoe/McGrawHill.
90. D
Paragraphs. For optimal readability, writers should avoid splitting a sentence or a paragraph between two pages of a news release. Thoughts and information may be split between two pages. News releases do not contain chapters.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Stroman, J., Wilson, K., & Wauson, J. (2004). Administrative assistant's and secretary'shandbook (2nd ed.) [pp. 239-241, 343]. New York: AMACOM.
91. D
Determining the purpose of the special event. Every event should start with identification of the event's purpose. The purpose of the special event might be to make money; to increase awareness a product, brand, or apparel store; or to celebrate a success or a milestone. Once the purpose of the special event is determined, the team responsible for the event can begin its planning. Planning includes developing objectives for the special event, developing a planning timeline, and creating checklists (also known as “to do” lists) for accomplishing the activities leading up to the event.
SOURCE: PR:360
SOURCE: Van Der Wagon, L. & Carlos, B.R. (2005). Event management: For tourism, cultural, business, and sporting events (p. 271). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
92. A
Put up decorations. One of the main ways that gift shops prepare for special seasonal events is to put up decorations that reflect the event. For example, shops usually decorate for such seasonal occasions as Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, and Christmas. These are events that often attract more customers and generate more sales for the shop. To tie in to the seasonal occasions, shops decorate in an appropriate way to appeal to customers and encourage them to buy. Gift shops would not prepare for a special event by remodeling the facility or decreasing operating hours. Shops actually increase hours during special seasonal events. A shop would not write a news release because the seasonal event is not news but something that occurs every year.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: McCalla, P. (2005). Retailing (pp. 190-192). Woodland Hills CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. A
Repetition. Repetition is used to create emphasis. Repeating the same color, shape, or texture in display items calls attention to those particular items. Scale is the relationship of display items to each other and to the display space. Harmony is the smooth blend of all the elements of a display. Contrast uses items of very different size, shape, or texture together in order to create emphasis.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Bell, J., & Ternus, K. (2002). Silent selling: Best practices and effective strategies in visual merchandising (2nd ed.) [pp. 42, 109-110]. New York: Fairchild.
94. B
Promotion. Sponsoring this community event creates a positive public image for the hotel. Programming refers to special offerings for groups that share common interests. Packaging involves offering more than one good or service for one total price. Although people are involved in delivering services, they are not being exemplified in this situation.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 595, 597, 601]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
95. D
To attract new customers. One of the main reasons why hotels have sweepstakes is to attract new customers. Sweepstakes are a popular form of promotion that encourages customers to stay at a property in order to win prizes. Not only do sweepstakes increase sales during the duration of the contest, but they also attract new customers who often become regular guests. Although sweepstakes give away prizes which may include weekend packages, that is not why hotels use them. Hotels do not use sweepstakes to improve their efficiency levels.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 617, 622]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
96. C
Customers respond well to visuals. Most travel and tourism displays include visuals such as posters or photographs of interesting destinations. The use of creative display techniques is effective because customers respond well to visuals. It is easier to sell a trip or tour to customers if the customers are able to see some of the sites. Then, customers often are able to picture themselves visiting those sites which encourages them to buy. Suppliers provide printed materials that travel agents might use to develop a creative display. Some display techniques include the use of videos that employees can show to customers. Competitors may display souvenirs but usually do not give away souvenirs.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 382-383). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
"May I help you?" "May I help you?" is a polite question indicating the salesperson's willingness to be of assistance to the customer. "This flashlight is rechargeable" and "This resort offers all-inclusive options" both are merchandise approaches that indicate characteristics of a product. "Good morning, Mrs. Jones" is an example of a greeting approach.
SOURCE: SE:110
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 280-283). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. C
Increased sales. The use of product substitution can benefit a business by increasing sales. When a salesperson is able to substitute a product for items that are out of stock or not carried, the salesperson makes a sale that might otherwise have been lost. Substitute selling does not increase open-to-buy, the amount of money a business has available to purchase stock. Improved inventory control and greater selection are not benefits of using product substitution.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Greene, C. (2003). Selling: Business 2000 (p. 149). Mason, OH: South-Western.
99. B
Recommending hospitality services. Front-desk employees often tell guests about the hotel's dining options to encourage guests to use the hotel's food service. This is an example of recommending hospitality services. The advantage of recommending services, such as the dining room or room service, is that these services generate additional revenue for the hotel. If guests are unaware that the hotel has a restaurant or offers room service, they may leave the property and dine elsewhere. Telling guests about the hotel's restaurant and room-service menu is not an example of explaining complimentary offers, describing local opportunities, or promoting recreational activities.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 292]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
100. D
Percent. An electronic cash register can calculate discounts for employees. The employee enters 50 and then touches the percent (%) key after the sale amount of the check. The register automatically calculates or subtracts 50% from the item on the check. The No Sale key is used to open the cash drawer when a sales transaction is not in process. The purpose of the Refund key is to record cash refunds. The Conversion key is used to convert payment to a different currency.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 164-165, 343-346). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
Test 1056
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Selling an item for $500. In a contract, consideration is what one party gives or receives in exchange for something else. If a person contracts with another person to sell an item for a certain amount, the consideration is giving up the item in exchange for $500. In this situation, the buyer's consideration is the $500 paid for the item. Consideration is not putting the price in writing, promising to make a gift, or giving away an item worth $500.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [pp. 263, 265]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
2. C
Environmental. The purpose of environmental laws is to protect the natural environment—the air, soil, and water. Environmental laws help to reduce pollution and govern the ways in which individuals and all types of businesses (e.g., service, industrial businesses) dispose of waste. Businesses that do not comply with environmental laws may be fined by the government or shut down. Antitrust laws protect free trade and competition in the marketplace. Property laws regulate the ownership of land and buildings.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 664-666]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. C
Good night's sleep. Properties are in the business of providing a good night's sleep, resulting from things such as a comfortable bed, a pleasant room temperature, low noise levels, and a safe environment. Many guests don't mind paying a higher room price to be afforded this basic right in addition to additional property amenities such as luxury dining and health club facilities. Convenient parking provides a favorable impression of the property because guests can get to and from their rooms easier, but a good night's sleep is far more important. Some guests would actually consider a smoke-free room to be an infringement on their right to inhale tobacco.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [p. 42]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
4. D
Agent. An agent is a channel member that assists in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but does not take title to them. A wholesaler is a business that buys goods from producers or agents and sells them to retailers. A retailer is a business that buys goods and sells them to the ultimate consumer. Discounter is not a type of intermediary.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Company A requires Company B to purchase all the items in its product line. A business (Company A) is engaging in full-line forcing when it requires its intermediaries (Company B) to carry an entire line of its products rather than one or a few of the items. Full-line forcing can be an illegal activity if it restrains trade and competition. A business that requires a supplier to pay a fee to acquire shelf space is charging a slotting allowance. A business that will not sell items to certain companies is engaging in a practice called refusal to deal. A business that prohibits an intermediary from carrying a competitor's products is engaging in exclusive dealing.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 401-403]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. B
Ask the department manager about the policy. If employees are not sure if they can or should work overtime, they should ask their department managers. Generally, department managers can authorize overtime for their subordinates. Departmental policies are not usually posted on the company's web site. Overtime policies often vary by department, so asking an employee who works in another department is not an appropriate action to take. If the department manager is unavailable, the employee might ask the human-resources manager about overtime policies.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: eHow.com. (2011, April 8). How to create an overtime policy. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2076457_create-overtime-policy.html
7. C
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 79]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. A
Acknowledge directions verbally or nonverbally. When Justin gives his sister a puzzled look so she knows he didn't understand her directions clearly, he is acknowledging her nonverbally. It's important to let the speaker know you hear and understand what s/he is saying by nodding your head or saying you understand. If you don't understand the directions, use your nonverbal signals to alert the person so s/he can clarify things for you. These signals include raising your hand, shaking your head, or even looking at the speaker with a puzzled look. In this situation, Justin is not taking notes, accepting responsibility, or eliminating distractions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
9. D
During a meeting in which businesspeople share the same vocabulary. Jargon is specialized language known only to a certain group of people. Jargon is most often used by people who work within the same organization or industry. Using jargon in social situations, during speeches, or with new customers may confuse the message that recipients receive because these audiences may not be familiar with the meaning of the jargon.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. B
To communicate information. The purpose of developing and using graphics in business reports is to communicate information. In most cases, graphics are used to explain complex information or to highlight information that is of the most importance. The use of graphics often adds interest and makes the information easier to understand. Graphics are not used to entertain the audience, fill up the page layout, or highlight reference material.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 384-385]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
11. A
Formal report. A written report communicates complex data the most clearly because the audience can read the information at his or her own pace. It can also be lengthy, allowing the writer to explain information clearly, using charts, graphs, and explanations. Memos are designed to provide brief information to employees within the company. Telephone calls are best used for shorter, less complex information that doesn't need visual support. Face-to-face group meetings are used when group input is needed and/or group decisions need to be made.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E. (2006). Chapter 5: Preparing to write business messages. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://ccba.jsu.edu.mhearn/PP/ch05.ppt
12. C
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. When businesspeople have time constraints, they often read the executive summary of a lengthy report. The table of contents is the portion of the report in which the various report sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. The appendices are segments that are added to the end of the report and provide supporting information. The conclusion section of the report summarizes results and in some reports, this section includes recommendations for a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 456, 461, 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. B
Share information. Staff meetings are a method of communication in business. The purpose of participating in staff meetings usually is to share information. This includes management sharing important information with employees and employees providing information to management, such as updates on current projects. The goal is for everyone in the business to have the information they need to function effectively. The purpose of participating in staff meetings is usually not to achieve a task, conduct research, or develop a message.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. A
Building positive customer relations. Treating customers with respect and courtesy creates a positive relationship with customers and goodwill for the business. The situation described does not involve suggestion selling, quality of products, or employee turnover.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 323-327). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. B
Dishonest. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the cost of a good or service. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are argumentative, complaining, irritable/moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude. Domineering/Superior customers are overly self-confident and feel that they know more and are better than the average person. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced that something is true.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. A
Customer advocacy. An advocate is a supporter of something—a person who speaks favorably about an idea, concept, cause, product, or business. When customers are happy with a business and its goods and services, they tend to become advocates for the business. Customers advocate for a business by providing referrals and through word-of-mouth (e.g., telling friends or blogging about the business). Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. A television commercial is an example of advertising. Relationship buying refers to the purchases a customer makes because of a long-term relationship s/he has established with a business. Public relations is the business function designed to establish good relations between the business and its various publics.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
17. C
Taking a cruise. The concept of distribution (place) in the travel and tourism industry involves delivering the travel and tourism product to the customer. For distribution to occur, the customer must participate in the experience such as take a cruise. The cruise is the product, but the product is distributed only if a passenger takes the cruise. A passenger might call a travel agent, book a flight, or obtain a ticket in order to purchase a travel and tourism product. However, distribution does not occur until the passenger participates in the experience.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 290-291]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
18. A
Limited services. Services can be costly to the business, and offering very many services would necessitate raising the business's prices to customers. In order to maintain low prices, the business limits its services and does not offer plush interiors or elaborate fixtures.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
19. C
The two are not the same thing, but they do overlap. Business ethics and law are not the same thing— they are like two overlapping circles. Where they overlap, there are actions that are both legal and ethical. However, there are also actions that are ethical yet illegal and actions that are unethical yet legal. The two concepts are often closely related.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: EC LAP 21—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
20. A
Corporate dividends. When corporate income is paid out as dividends, it is taxed at the corporate level before it is taxed as shareholders' income. Capital gains are taxed once, usually as shareholders' income. IRA contributions are taxed once—either before they're invested or when they're withdrawn, depending on the type of IRA. If transaction fees result in income, they're taxed once as income.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 657). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. A
Tasks and processes are done differently every time. To achieve standardization, work must be organized so that it is always done in the same way. When employees don't understand how to use a machine or tool, there is a lack of worker knowledge and education. Poor product design can result in products that are complex and difficult to assemble. Personality conflicts arise when team members do not get along with each other.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
22. A
Diminishing returns. The law of diminishing returns states that if all the factors of production remain the same except one, additions to the one variable factor will eventually decrease the level of productivity. Therefore, when businesses combine the right amount of variable resources, such as labor and equipment, to achieve the most effective production levels, they are following the law of diminishing returns. Businesses realize that adding more than the right amount of variables, such as employees, will have a negative effect on productivity and ultimately lead to reduced profits. Properly combining resources allows businesses to achieve high production levels and maximize profits. Combining the right amount of variable resources to achieve production levels that maximize profits is not an example of a business following the law of supply and demand, perfect competition, or underused resources.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 533). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. A
Stable. Price stability means that price levels remain fairly constant. When prices are stable, they do not drastically fluctuate up or down. Price stability is one way to measure the condition of a country's economy. If prices are stable, the economy is also stable. Large upswings or downswings in prices indicate that the economy is not stable and may be depressed. Elastic is a form of demand for products in which changes in price correspond to changes in demand. Steady prices are not an indication that the economy is risky.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
24. C
Expansion. The expansion phase of the business cycle is the stage characterized by increased spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, increased employment rates, and decreased interest rates on loans. The peak phase of the business cycle is considered the high point of economic activity when demand begins to exceed the production capacities of producers. The contraction phase of the business cycle is characterized by decreased demand for goods and services, rising unemployment, increased saving by consumers, and reduced sales and profits for businesses. The trough phase of the business cycle is considered the low point of economic activity, characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
25. D
Social relationships. These groups are usually centered on a topic of interest to all members and make friendships possible among people who live on opposite sides of the world. They allow businesses to communicate with, and understand, people from diverse cultures. Groups are open to anyone with a computer and Internet connection, regardless of gender, culture, or class. Class systems relate to grouping people according to some standard. Gender roles refer to activities assigned to either men or women. Cultural values define the various behaviors and activities based on the beliefs of a given culture.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 450]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
26. B
Abilities. To describe self-concept, employees should address their roles, personal traits, skills, and abilities. Roles are parts or positions that one plays in life and can be different for each person and can change as a person matures. Personal traits are expressed by a consistent pattern of behavior. Skills and abilities are the capacity to perform a certain task, function, etc. Affirmations are positive statements about something you want to accept or change. Visualizations are imagining yourself in a present or desired strength. Physical traits include age, sex, height, weight, etc.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 219). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
27. A
Clear the task first with the supervisor. When the task is complete is too late to inform the supervisor. To ask a coworker when you are stuck is not a good idea because the coworker may not give you correct information. Showing initiative is a good trait, but it will cost the company unnecessary money if it has to correct Carl's mistakes.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
28. B
Dishonest. What Jamie is doing is wrong because it is stealing. The money in the petty cash fund belongs to the business and is meant to be used to buy small items the business may need. Taking this money is unethical, dishonest, and unacceptable, and Jamie is likely to be fired if caught. Her behavior is not reasonable, impartial, or justified.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p.184). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
29. C
Receptive. Most people are resistant to change out of fear or insecurity. They are, however, more likely to accept change that they have helped to create. Employees feel a sense of responsibility when involved in the process of making changes. Consequently, smart business managers frequently involve employees in the decision-making process leading up to the change. Employees who have had no input may react negatively by being indifferent, resistant, or resigned.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N., & Achua, C.F. (2010). Leadership: Theory, application, & skill development (4th ed.) [pp. 434-435]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
30. C
Physical. Any kind of environmental conditions that inhibit communication are considered physical barriers. These might include heat, cold, noise, drafts, uncomfortable furniture, or poor lighting. Emotional barriers are personal feelings that prevent communication. Motivational barriers exist when listeners have no interest in what the speaker has to say. Cultural barriers exist when cultural differences hamper communication.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: John, C. (2011, June 15). Physical barriers to effective communication. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7498638_physical-barriers-effectivecommunication.html
31. B
Authority. Conflicts occur for many reasons. Power struggles can arise when people want to control, or be in charge of, the same situation. In the example, Ben and Tasha want the same job, so the reason for their disagreement is authority. Disagreements about what constitutes appropriate behavior are conflicts due to unclear boundaries. When people don't know what they're supposed to do, or what someone else expects them to do, the conflict is due to unclear expectations. Exclusion is a reason for a conflict that stems from a feeling of being left out of an activity.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
32. D
It varies from group to group. The consensus-building process isn't "one size fits all"—it varies from group to group according to the group's needs. Sometimes, it's best to conduct consensus building formally, and other times, an informal method is appropriate. Group members should consider as many ideas as possible. The more stakeholders involved, the better chance of generating the best ideas and solutions.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
33. B
Meeting with the coachee on a regular basis. Meeting with the coachee on a regular basis is an important part of tracking progress. You should begin with praise and tell the coachee what s/he did right before moving on to constructive criticism. You should focus on the coachee's behavior, rather than results. People can make many small improvements before reaching their ultimate goal. Allow the coachee to make mistakes and learn from them.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
34. A
Human relations skills. Human relations are the ways that people form and conduct relationships with one another. Skill in human relations helps employees to develop positive working relationships with each other and to achieve success on the job. Personal grooming, speech habits, and formal education are other factors that can contribute to job success.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. D
Can help you achieve larger financial goals. Making purposeful spending decisions, instead of spending out of habit or impulsively, is an important step in achieving larger financial goals. Even small daily savings add up to significant amounts over time. Day-to-day spending does not have to be sacrificed entirely for future financial security, as long as you're aware of your spending and are making purposeful decisions. Small savings every day are a very practical step in reaching your financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
36. D
Salary. An individual's income is the source of money that the person receives. A person earns income by working and collecting a salary from his/her employer. Other income sources include child support payments, alimony, interest, and profits from investments (e.g., rental properties). Insurance, clothing, and utilities are types of personal expenses.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: PersonalBudgeting.com. (n.d.). Budgeting 101. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.personalbudgeting.com/tips/tips.html
37. C
The wise use of credit. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals can purchase now and pay later. Many individuals have credit cards because the cards allow them to pay for purchases without using cash. Then, they receive statements on a monthly basis indicating the amount due. If individuals charge only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month, they are using credit wisely. By paying in full, they avoid interest charges which may be high and significantly increase the cost of the purchases. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month will not necessarily help individuals save money for the future. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month is not a way to avoid identity theft or an example of making a cash transaction.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 551). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
Hometown. Although it might be interesting, knowing a potential investment advisor's hometown is not important to discuss when deciding whether to hire him or her. Information about licensing, education, and experience is vital to making your decision.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. A
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at a particular point in time. The income statement, or profit-and-loss statement, is a financial summary that shows how much money the business has made or lost. A cash-flow projection attempts to predict the movement of money into and out of the business during a future period.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
40. C
Complex. When accounting standards are applied, the information produced is relevant, credible, and transparent. It is not complex. Instead, it is easy to understand.
SOURCE: FI:086
SOURCE: Financial Accounting Standards Board. (n.d.). Facts about FASB. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.fasb.org/facts/index.shtml
41. C
Industry standards. Even when a business is earning a profit, it will still want to know how it is doing by industry standards. A competitive analysis of income statement figures helps a business to see its strengths and weaknesses in relation to those of the competition. Businesses usually do not share their marketing procedures with competitors. Economic forecasts and research projections indicate how businesses might do in the future.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
42. D
Anticipated profit. When a business has an efficient budget, it is able to use that budget as a management tool to plan for anticipated profit. Profit is the income left over once expenses are paid. With profit, businesses can develop financial goals such as savings, expanding the business, and purchasing new equipment. Businesses usually are not able to plan for future competition, long-range economic conditions, or possible governmental regulations.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
43. C
Orientation. Orientation is job preparation or induction training in which new employees are acquainted with their surroundings, receive general information about the company and its policies, and are given specific information about their jobs. Introducing new employees to their coworkers is an important step in this process because it helps to make the new employees feel comfortable and part of the work group. Application and selection are steps in the recruiting and hiring processes. Promotion occurs after employees have been on the job for a period of time and have received favorable evaluations.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGrawHill Irwin.
44. C
Room accommodations that the guest has selected in the past. Although knowing the chef's specials and specialties, special events at the hotel, and the total number of booked rooms might be nice, that information would not be as useful in this situation as the guest's past room accommodations. Hotel staff could more successfully personalize the guest's stay if they knew such details as whether the guest prefers a smoking or non-smoking room, a handicap-accessible room, a king bed, a suite, etc.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [p. 266]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
45. B
Lodging occupancy rates will increase. Hospitality and tourism businesses monitor trends. Trends provide hospitality and tourism businesses with information about changes that are occurring in the industry. By knowing about industry changes, hospitality and tourism businesses can adapt so they can effectively compete in the marketplace. Because hospitality and tourism businesses are often interdependent, they will watch trends for various types of businesses within the industry. For example, if more people are booking airline flights to popular destinations, then they will need lodging, which increases the lodging occupancy rates. If more people need lodging, the hotels need to ensure that they have the resources to accommodate the higher number of guests. If more people are traveling, it is likely that they will spend more money at restaurants and that more people will attend or visit area tour attractions. If tourism increases, then the area's unemployment rate will likely decrease because more businesses will be hiring employees to meet the higher demand for hospitality and tourism products.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [pp. 25-26, 30, 33]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
46. B
Observation. When you observe customers in action while they're in the restaurant, you can obtain a more accurate picture of their buying or usage patterns/habits. For example, you could watch to see what foods remain uneaten on plates. Researchers have discovered that responses customers give in focus groups, personal interviews, and surveys don't always match their buying or usage habits/patterns.
SOURCE: IM:349
SOURCE: The five basic methods of market research. (1999-2011). Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.allbusiness.com/marketing/market-research/1287-1.html
47. A
3. Mode is the value or number that appears the most often. It is the response given by the most people. In this example, the most people (10) said that they ate pizza 3 times a week. Therefore, 3 is the number or value that appears the most often. The average, or mean, is 2.2, and the range is 4.
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p.171). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. A
To simplify complex information. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations that often include slides, video, graphics, sound, color, etc. The use of this type of software often helps business managers to present complex information in a simplified manner by displaying it in a visual format. For example, statistics can be presented in the form of a colorful pie chart, or a complicated production process can be shown on film. Used in conjunction with a report, the visual presentation helps readers to understand the information because they are able to see it. Spreadsheet software is used to analyze financial data. Word processing software is used to record minutes of meetings. Graphics and design software are used to design marketing materials.
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
Consumers need tangible characteristics as "signals" of quality before they buy. Consumers are uncertain about the quality of an intangible like a service and are reassured by tangible characteristics. Service marketers understand that consumers draw conclusions about service quality—and consequently make purchase decisions—based on things they can see: place, people, price, equipment, and communications. Consumers need "sizzle" in a variety of purchases they make—something that isn't limited to services. Solid propositions or offers can be made in the "intangible" services arena, as well as in more tangible areas. "Returns" are not the reason consumers are drawn to services with some tangible qualities.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Lovelock, C., Wirtz, J., & Chew, P. (2009). Essentials of services marketing (pp. 11, 24). Singapore: Prentice Hall.
50. C
Getting a job at a publishing company. Getting a job at a publishing company would be considered a long-term goal. Goals are statements that clearly describe tasks to be accomplished. Some goals are long-term, and some are short-term. Passing your history test tomorrow, washing the dishes, and finishing your current project are all short-term goals because they can be accomplished in the very near future.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
51. C
Guest history record. Guest history records provide reservation agents and front-desk employees with information about returning guests. When contact information and guest room preferences are already stored in the property's computer system, the hotel employees can simply verify existing information, which personalizes the transaction and facilitates good customer service. A credit rating is information on the credit history of a particular prospect or customer. A complaint log is a list of customers' complaints or issues, such as a leaky faucet or slow room service. A room status report advises hotel staff which rooms are occupied and which rooms are available for new arrivals.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [p. 266]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
52. B
Politicians are unethical and should not be trusted. When analyzing information, it is important to separate opinion from fact. Facts contain true data or information. An opinion is a person's point of view or belief about a topic. A person may believe that all politicians are unethical and untrustworthy, but not all people believe this statement, nor can the statement be proven. The alternative statements are facts.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Cuesta College. (2003, November 6). Interpreting what you read. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://academic.cuesta.edu/acasupp/as/310.HTM
53. C
Presentation. Presentation is the way in which the information is communicated. It addresses such factors as clarity of language used, sufficiency of font size, clarity of layout, effectiveness of colors, usefulness of graphics or photos, clarity of audio or video (if included), and helpfulness of any animation used. Presentation is particularly important on the Web since so much time is spent reading online. Relevance deals with whether the information pertains to the topic being researched. Objectivity deals with presenting unbiased information. Timeliness deals with how up-to-date the information is; however, the importance of timeliness will vary from topic to topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Lesley University. (2011). Evaluating web sites: Clarity. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.lesley.edu/library/guides/research/evaluating_web.html#clarity
54. C
Bookmarking. The bookmarking computer tool allows users to save URL addresses on their computers. The bookmarking tool allows users to quickly return to favorite or frequently visited web sites without reentering a specific URL address every time they want to access the web sites. This is a beneficial tool for businesspeople who need to do ongoing research, or for employees who need to access vendor and customer web sites several times a day. The highlighting function allows computer users to highlight or mark text in a document or spreadsheet. Sorting allows users the ability to organize, classify, or categorize data in a specific format, such as an alphabetical or numerical sequence.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Calore, M. (2009, February 4). Yahoo debuts Search Pad, a passive bookmarking tool for web searches. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/02/yahoo-debuts-se/
55. A
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often send e-mails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of disks store vast amounts of data that once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not decreased the use of phone systems and fax machines for all businesses.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003-2010). Tips for reducing paper work. Retrieved August 15, 2011, http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/blog/tips_for_reducing_paper_work_024368.html
56. B
Operating system. The operating system consists of the basic components (i.e., central processing unit, hard drive, modem, keyboard, display screens) needed to run all of a computer's applications and programs. Without the operating system intact, computer users cannot connect to the Internet, conduct a query through an Internet search-engine, or use a software program's task toolbar.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (2011). Operating system. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.webopedia.com/term/o/operating_system.html
57. D
To maintain customer lists. Database software programs are designed to sort, arrange, and locate a wide variety of information. Many businesses use database software to maintain customer lists that can be arranged alphabetically, by zip code, by date of last purchase, or by many other criteria. This type of software allows businesses to generate mailing lists of specific customers based on a variety of factors. Businesses use spreadsheet software to track operating expenses, desktop publishing programs to prepare annual reports, and graphics programs to design company stationery.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
Online booking. Many hospitality and tourism businesses offer websites that enable customers to conveniently book their reservations online. This gives customers 24-hour access to reservation systems when it's convenient for them to quickly make a reservation. Customer reservation systems are used by travel agents. Examples of CRSs used in the U.S. are Sabre, Apollo, Worldspan, System One, and Galileo. Customer relationship management software are databases of customer information. Websites by themselves would not expedite the reservation process for customers.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Hallisoft. (1999-2011). RezEasy online reservation software. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.hallisoft.com/RezEasy/RezEasy.html
59. D
Changes in regulation. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining political, economic, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect the business, it can take steps to ward off the threats and to take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Political factors that a business might examine include changes in regulation (laws) that govern how the business operates. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor. Shifts in consumer lifestyles are socio-cultural factors. Widespread use of wireless devices is a technological factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Safety instructions for handling goods. Accidents frequently occur in the stockroom because employees improperly lift heavy items. Many businesses provide recommended guidelines for proper lifting in order to prevent injuries. Procedures and guidelines for receiving and transferring goods do not address accident prevention. Wearing a special shirt would not prevent accidents in the stockroom.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial and systems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 320-323]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
61. B
For security. Some businesses use electronic video monitor systems to watch the interior and exterior of the property in order to make sure these areas are secure for customers and employees. These systems record on videotape any breakdowns in security and can be used to identify suspects in the event of theft. Communication involves the exchange of information between individuals or groups. Maintenance involves the upkeep and repair of equipment and facilities. Management involves overseeing the operation of a business or a certain aspect of a business.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 66-72). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
62. B
Set alarms on doors at night. Security procedures are activities that employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of theft, robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. An example of a security procedure is setting alarms on doors at night. This procedure might protect the business from theft, which usually results in financial loss. Complying with local safety regulations, knowing where first aid kits are located, and memorizing emergency phone numbers are not examples of security procedures that employees should follow to minimize the risk of loss.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 726). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. B
Setting goals. Project management involves planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of the project to achieve a specific goal. Therefore, one of the most important aspects of project management is developing a clear understanding of the project objectives, or goals. Once the goal has been set, the project manager guides the group to complete the project and accomplish the goal. Project managers seek employees who have the training and ability to participate in the project. It is not always necessary to buy supplies to complete a project. If mistakes occur, the project manager helps the group to correct the mistakes and continue the project.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen (The Nature of Project Management)
64. D
Leadership. For a project manager, one of the most important skills is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. One of the project manager's main roles is to lead the group to achieve the project's goal. Managers who have good leadership skills are able to motivate group members and persuade members to follow their directions. Project managers also need to have decisionmaking skills and communication skills. However, leadership skills enable managers to guide or direct the actions of others. The group usually sets the goals of the project, although the manager guides the discussion.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
65. D
Developing specifications. Specifications are standards that are established and described in detail. Before businesses can send requests for bids to vendors, a business must develop specifications for the products it wants to purchase. Vendors need to know what the business wants in terms of quality, size, style, quantity, etc., before they can prepare a bid. Once the business has developed exact specifications, it can request bids. The bids specify a certain price for the purchase of the requested items. Therefore, businesses often accept the lowest bidder instead of negotiating price. Once a bid is accepted, a business might schedule the delivery of the items being purchased. Managing the bid process does not involve targeting customers.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 56, 58]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. C
$35. Employees who have responsibility for buying office supplies and paying invoices are in a good position to help the business control expenses. If an employee receives an invoice offering a discount for paying within a certain period of time and takes advantage of the discount, the business will save money. In this situation, the business will save $35 because 2% of $1,750 is $35. Calculate the savings by multiplying the amount of the invoice by the percentage of discount ($1,750 X 2% or .02 = $35).
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (pp. 555-556). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. A
Wearing disposable gloves when handling the items. Employees can protect their hands from bacteriaridden waste or dangerous cleaning chemicals by wearing disposable gloves. For example, direct contact with strong or dangerous chemicals (e.g., cleaners) might irritate skin or cause an allergic reaction. To reduce contamination, it is preferable to store recyclables outside the premises. Waste or trash is usually not sanitized. To reduce the risk of contamination, employees should wash their hands after handling trash.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Paster, T. (2007). The HACCP food safety training manual (p. 33). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
68. A
Keep a minimum amount of cash in the cash register. Many businesses keep a limited amount of cash in the cash register. When a certain level is reached, the cash is transferred to a safe. If a robbery occurs, only a small amount of cash will be lost. Building in a better part of town does not prevent a robbery from occurring. Surveillance cameras may deter robberies but will not prevent them. Carefully screening all job applicants may reduce employee theft.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: Greene, C.L. (2006). Entrepreneurship: Ideas in action (3rd ed.) [p. 174]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
69. C
Manner in which you carry yourself. Body language includes gestures such as facial expressions, nervous habits (e.g., nail biting), and posture. Certain gestures generate impressions that suggest one's level of confidence or comfort in certain situations. For example, crossing the arms close to your body often indicates a feeling of defensiveness. Nonverbal cues can affect how others respond. The ability to maintain an appropriate body weight is a health issue. The ability to manage budgets and the level of work productivity are not considered nonverbal communication cues.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. D
Addressing them by name. Addressing personnel directors by their names is an effective technique because the directors often feel that the job seekers are more interested in the positions because they have taken the time to find out the directors' names. Also, letters addressed to a specific person are more likely to be read by that person than letters that are addressed to a general title or office. Usually, it is not appropriate for a job applicant to invite a prospective employer to lunch, ask for an immediate response to an inquiry, or request salary information.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125, 144-145). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. A
Find out about the business. It is important to be prepared before interviewing for a job. Part of being prepared involves finding out about the business. A lot of information is easy to obtain because many businesses have web sites that provide an overview of the business and its operation. Also, it may be possible to visit the business or ask friends and family members about it. Knowing what the business does will make it easier to ask and answer specific questions related to the job. It is not always necessary to call for directions before an interview. Applicants prepare a follow-up letter after the interview. It may not be possible to decide on an appropriate salary until the applicant learns more about the job during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 65-66]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
72. A
Be brief, concise, and prompt. A follow-up letter after a job interview should be businesslike, not chatty and personal. It should be written on plain stationery of a subdued color, not on colorful notepaper. It should also be very short, to the point, sent promptly after the interview, and appreciative of the time the interviewer gave you.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 71]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
73. D
Resort activities director. A resort activities director is responsible for developing and coordinating a selection of activities for resort guests. These activities might include golf, swimming, tennis, skiing, etc. The resort activities director usually supervises a staff of assistant managers, instructors, and entry-level employees. Given Lynda's educational background, interest in sports, and work experience, she would probably do well as a resort activities director. While she might also be a good timeshare sales manager, human resources director, or convention manager, she is most qualified for a career as resort activities director.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D. & Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world's greatest industry (2nd ed.) [pp. 160-161]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. C
Seniority. Seniority refers to the length of time an individual has been employed by a business. Those who have been employed the longest have the most seniority. When all other factors, such as ability and competence, are equal, businesses often promote on the basis of seniority. The feeling often is that a competent person who has been with the company for a long time is entitled to a promotion before a competent person who has less time on the job. It is illegal for businesses to promote employees based on their gender or age. Tenure is a status given to teachers after a certain amount of time that protects them from being dismissed.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 487). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. A
Leadership skills. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. Employees who want to progress through the ranks of management should develop their leadership skills because they will be expected to supervise and lead their subordinates. Employees who demonstrate good leadership skills often are given more responsibility and authority over others. Employees who want to enhance their careers often develop their professional contacts rather than their social contacts. Job expectations are what employees hope to accomplish or achieve in their careers. Employees do not need to develop their artistic abilities in order to progress through the management ranks.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 285). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Transportation. The development of rail, automobile, and air travel in the past 150 years has had the most impact on the growth in the hospitality arena. Business and leisure travel has dramatically expanded because the time, comfort, and ease of travel has improved. This, in turn, creates a demand for facilities to house a wide variety of travelers. The retail, lumber, and banking industries would be impacted by growth or decline of the hospitality industry. The higher demand for hospitality services would naturally result in a higher demand for financial backing, building materials for the facilities, and retail establishments for travelers.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 4]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
77. A
Seasonality. The prices of many hospitality and tourism products are impacted by the season in which the product is used. For example, Florida resort prices are higher from October 15th to April 15th when the weather attracts people to the warm climate. However, between April 15th and October 15th, their prices decrease because demand decreases when weather conditions become hot, humid, and rainy. Hospitality and tourism products are intangible rather than being tangible. They are not fragile or elastic. In economic terms, the demand for hospitality and tourism products varies as their price increases; therefore, they're considered products with elastic demand.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 295-296, 309]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
78. D
To appeal to the target market. Core values represent the underlying worth of products and the image those products project. Products have value beyond price, and these values often are more important to customers than the price. For example, the core values of one product might include quality construction and a respected reputation. These are the values that appeal to the target market and encourage the target market to buy the products. A business does not communicate the core values of its products to justify the price, develop appropriate advertising, or analyze market research.
SOURCE: PM:214
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 287-289]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
79. D
5. To determine the number of times stock turns for an item in a set time period, divide the total number of units sold by the average number of items in stock (6,225 ÷ 1,245 = 5).
SOURCE: PM:224
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 513-514). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. B
Season of the year. The season of the year is an important factor to consider when deciding when to buy because many fresh fruits and vegetables have specific growing seasons. These items are of the highest quality and have the best flavor, texture, and taste if they are purchased during their peak seasons.
SOURCE: PM:262
SOURCE: McWilliams, M. (2009). Food fundamentals (9th ed.) [p. 94]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
81. C
Buy in quantity. It is often possible for buyers to negotiate prices and terms with vendors because of the volume of their purchases. No one can assure manufacturers of a profit, as many other economic factors are involved in addition to sales. Buyers represent the business or store rather than the manufacturer or producer. Buyers for small hotel gift shops buy in small quantities.
SOURCE: PM:263
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 579-580). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. A
E-mail. Direct marketing messages can be communicated to consumers via many different media, including e-mail, direct mail, web site, television, radio, print, etc. A company web site or television, radio, and print advertisements are useful when communicating with a relatively broad target market. Direct mail, on the other hand, allows marketers to target a more specific group of individuals, based on the fact that advertisements can be sent directly to certain people's homes. However, given the fact that the company plans to communicate with this list of interested individuals on a weekly basis, direct mail would become costly. Provided that the interested individuals have given Smoky Mountain Cabin Rentals specific permission to send advertisements via e-mail, weekly promotional e-mails would probably be the best way to communicate directly with these potential guests.
SOURCE: PR:320
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 638]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
83. A
Search-engine friendly. Corporate blogs are typically used to draw attention to particular products and/or businesses. To attract readers to the blogs so that they learn about these products and businesses, the blogs must be search-engine friendly. Blog posts must contain key words and phrases that customers typically search for, and the links to these posts must appear early in search results. Rather than being updated once per month, effective corporate blogs are typically updated at least once per week. To appeal to a broad audience, corporate blogs should avoid jargon and technical language. Instead, effective blog posts tend to be easy to read and understand. A corporate blog does not have to be written exclusively by one author. Some of the most effective corporate blogs are written by multiple individuals with varying points of view and positions with their companies. Involving more than one author can prevent a blog from becoming bland and boring.
SOURCE: PR:281
SOURCE: Buildify. (2011, June 22). Positive qualities for a corporate blog. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.buildify.com/positive-qualities-for-a-corporate-blog/
84. A
#JilliansB&B. To be effective, business hashtags should be memorable, easy to spell, and relatively short. (The maximum length for a Twitter message, or tweet, is 140 characters). It is also wise to choose a tag that reflects the business's brand and products. Twitter hashtags are used to catalog and connect tweets that focus on the same topic. In this case, tweets containing the tag #JilliansB&B would pertain to Jillian's new bed and breakfast establishment.
SOURCE: PR:300
SOURCE: Catone, J. (2009, September 4). How to: Use Twitter hashtags for business. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://mashable.com/2009/09/04/twitter-hashtags-business/
85. C
Resume.doc. An attachment is a computer file that is sent with an e-mail. Examples of attachments are resume.doc., salesletter.wpd, and ebook.pdf. Due to this diversity, the appropriate software is needed to open the attached file. To avoid this complication, e-marketers can send .txt attachments which can be opened with the text editors found on most computers. Nike.com and http://www.org are Internet addresses. Smith@aol.com is an e-mail address.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2011). How to send an e-mail attachment. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4942_send-e-mail.html
86. C
To create a social context for the brand. Illustrations are often used to associate a brand with a certain social setting, group of people, and lifestyle. The resort uses its advertisement illustrations to relay the message that its guests are usually active older adults who are well-off financially. Unusual, clever illustrations are usually used to stimulate reading of the body copy. Dramatic visual effects are typically used to make a brand “heroic.” Advertisement illustrations normally have a greater purpose than to simply add color to ads.
SOURCE: PR:322
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 408-412]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. D
Using a large visual. The purpose of creating effective advertising layouts is to design an ad that attracts attention. An important part of creating effective advertising layouts often involves using a large visual because large visuals attract attention. A large visual might be a photograph, an illustration, or another type of image that is appropriate for the product and the target market. Selecting a slogan, writing a signature, and developing a message are activities that take place before the advertising layout is created.
SOURCE: PR:275
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 429-430). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
88. C
The size of the person's social circles. Customer evangelists are individuals who are asked to sponsor a particular business or product. They usually are already acquainted with and devoted to the business or product. When selecting or developing a customer evangelist for a restaurant, marketers need to consider the size of the person's social circles. If the person knows a lot of people in a lot of different places, s/he will have much more opportunity to tell people about the restaurant. The person's educational background, work schedule, and political affiliation are much less likely to be important when selecting or developing customer evangelists.
SOURCE: PR:273
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 273]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
89. C
Close. The close is the action step in a print advertisement. A good close will ask a reader to respond in some way. A brand is a name, term, symbol, or design that identifies a product and distinguishes it from competitors' products. A slogan begins as a successful headline and through continuous use becomes a standard statement, such as AT&T's "Reach out and touch someone." A seal, such as that awarded by the Good Housekeeping Institute, is awarded only when a product meets established standards.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 422]. Boston: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
90. D
That corrections have been made. A revised proof is the second step in checking advertising proofs. After the original proof has been checked and returned to the publisher, the publisher may return a revised proof to the advertiser as evidence that the advertiser's corrections have been made. The corrections that need to be made are shown on the original proof. A revised proof does not suggest illustrations or copy revisions.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 464]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw Hill.
91. D
Community outreach activities. When hospitality and tourism businesses participate in community outreach activities, local residents learn of their participation often because of media coverage. As a result of the media exposure, local residents may become loyal customers because they appreciate what the businesses are doing for the community. For example, if businesses donate a percentage of sales to local charities, residents are encouraged to buy from those businesses because the money is going back to the community. Businesses do not build customer loyalty by participating in service-quality programs, marketing research studies, or industry-related meetings.
SOURCE: PR:341
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 134-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. C
A link on the Midwest Lodging Directory website. A directory is an online index of websites that share a common theme, such as lodging in the Midwestern United States. Since the bed and breakfast's target market lives in Indiana and Kentucky, the hotel needs to market itself in publications and on websites such as the Midwest Lodging Directory that reach honeymooners and married couples in both states. While e-zines are another option for marketing online, an article about the hotel in an e-zine for teenagers is unlikely to reach the right audience. An advertisement in the Indiana Adventures e-newsletter would probably reach a portion of the bed and breakfast's target market. However, it is not as likely to attract as much of the target market as the link on the Midwest Lodging Directory would. The U.S. Hotel and Lodging portal might be a popular starting point for searching the Web when someone wants to research lodging throughout the U.S., but its target audience is not likely to be as similar as the Elm Creek Bed and Breakfast's as the Midwest Lodging Directory would be.
SOURCE: PR:333
SOURCE: Wild, S. (n.d.). How to attract more people to your web site. Retrieved August 15, 2011, from http://www.e-jaz.com.au/tips/marketing.htm
93. A
Evaluate the information. The information to be presented should be evaluated to determine whether it is newsworthy. If it is not, preparing a news release on the subject will be a waste of time because the media will not use it. Listing the important facts prioritizes your information so that the major facts will come first. Identifying the media involves deciding which media should receive the release. Evaluating the response refers to determining whether the release was used.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 356-357]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
94. D
Transactions. A transaction is a business activity such as a sale or a purchase. Monitoring transactions is one way for businesses to track marketing-communications activities because most of these activities are intended to generate sales. For example, businesses place ads, offer coupons, and send direct-mail pieces to customers to encourage them to buy. When customers use the coupons during a sales transaction, businesses can track the marketing-communications activity. Businesses do not track marketing-communications activities by monitoring invoices, suppliers, or priorities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 28-29). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. A
Sales promotion. Sales promotion refers to the activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Coupons and samples are examples of sales promotion. Institutional advertising refers to any paid nonpersonal message that aims to create a certain image in the eyes of consumers. Opt-in e-mail refers to electronic promotional messages that are sent with a recipient's permission and allow the recipient to request removal from the subscriber list at any time. A trade-in allowance is a price reduction offered for selling back an old model of the product that the customer is purchasing.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality and tourism (pp. 260-263). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. D
Special incentives. Special incentives, such as price reductions and discounts, are intended to encourage customers to buy goods and services. Other types of special incentives used to encourage customers to purchase are premiums, contests, and sweepstakes. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual which benefits from it. Public-relations promotions are a type of institutional promotion created to deal with controversial public issues that are related to a company or its products. Visual merchandising is another term for display.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 372). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Product substitution. Product substitution is suggesting merchandise other than the original request when the business doesn't have the item requested or when the salesperson recognizes the customer's true needs. Suggestion selling is the process of suggesting related items once a buying decision has been made. Buying signals are hints that the customer is ready to buy. Product knowledge is information about a product.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 305). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. C
Listen. The salesperson should listen carefully to the customer's objection in order to be absolutely certain that s/he understands the person's concern. This is particularly true when a salesperson is attempting to anticipate possible objections. Showing empathy, avoiding argument, and pausing before answering are all appropriate procedures in responding to an objection once it is understood.
SOURCE: SE:874
SOURCE: SE LAP 100—Converting Objections (Selling)
99. A
Provide information. To sell effectively, salespeople should provide the information about a good or service that will satisfy the individual's needs. If individuals already know what they need, the salesperson may only need to show them the product and answer a few simple questions. However, if the individuals are not sure about what they want, a salesperson may need to provide a lot of information about price, benefits, uses, warranties, etc. Providing the right information will help make the sale. Only when individuals have all the information they need, will the salesperson be able to sell a product. After an individual decides to buy, a salesperson might offer to arrange financing. Brochures may be used to provide information, but they are prepared in advance.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 266). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. B
Desire for convenience. Travelers select certain lodging facilities for many reasons or for a combination of reasons. Because Ms. Woo is staying in a hotel across the street from her client's office implies that one reason Ms. Woo selected the hotel was for the convenience of being near the office where she was planning to attend a business meeting. Because there is not enough information revealed about the location or Ms. Woo, it cannot be determined whether additional factors for her selection included relaxation, safety, or prestige.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: Silva, K.E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 15). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
Test 1063
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Fraud. A tort is a private wrongdoing against another person. Businesses can be held responsible in a variety of torts. For example, suppose a business's employee intentionally provides misleading product information to a customer in order to make a sale. Then, the customer purchases and is injured by the product based on the employee's misleading information. The customer may file a civil lawsuit against the business, and in some situations, the business's employee for fraudulent behavior. Assault and intrusion are criminal acts that are addressed in the criminal court system rather than the civil court system. Defamation is a tort that involves harm to an individual's or business's reputation.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 248-250, 252-254]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
2. C
Administrative. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. The legislative branch of the government (i.e., U.S. Congress and Canadian Parliament at the Federal level) establishes these agencies, which have the authority to enact and enforce regulations for various administrative functions, including aviation, taxation, and commerce. For example, in the United States, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulates air-transportation functions (i.e., airspace, aircraft safety); the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) handles issues related to personal and business taxes; and the Federal Commerce Commission (FCC) handles issues related to business and commerce. The legislative branch of government introduces and passes statutes. The judicial branch of government (court systems) interprets the law. The executive branch of the government guides government policy, and in some countries, has the power to veto legislation.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 88-90]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. C
It is legal for an airline to overbook a flight. Since there are no laws to protect the travel consumer from overbooking, bumping passengers from flights is common when traveling by air. The U.S. Department of Transportation does, however, require that airlines first ask for volunteers to give up their seats in exchange for compensation. This may be in the form of cash or a voucher. The amount a passenger is compensated for lost luggage is subject to negotiation. Most airlines have a ceiling on the amount paid ($2,500/passenger); international travelers are paid $9.07/lb. Currently, there is no international "Bill of Rights." The United States Congress has developed several options for an airline passenger "Bill of Rights," but there is nothing on the law books as of yet (August, 2009). Airlines are not required to pay any compensation for flight delays due to bad weather.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Travel Images. (n.d.). United States: The rights of air passengers. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.travel-images.com/passenger-rights-us.html#overbooking
4. A
Retailers. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods or services and sell them to the ultimate consumer. Wal-Mart, Domino's Pizza, and Avis Rent-a-Car all sell directly to consumers. Wholesalers are businesses that buy goods from producers or agents and sell to retailers. Agents assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. Industrial distributors are intermediaries that buy industrial goods and services and sell them to industrial users.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Hinder competition. Antitrust laws are regulations that prevent a person or company from taking any actions to restrain free trade and competition in the marketplace. Businesses should understand the types of business activities that violate antitrust laws, so they do not engage in them. If a business requires tying agreements or attempts to create a monopoly, it may be violating antitrust laws. The government fines a business when it violates antitrust laws. Actions that restrict efficiency or prohibit authority do not violate antitrust laws.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 402]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. D
Follow the written directions in the proper sequence. The first step in applying written directions to perform tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. If employees do not read the directions and apply them in the proper sequence, they may perform the tasks incorrectly. Therefore, reading the directions for understanding and meaning is an important step. The use of shortcuts to complete a task may or may not be included in the manual's written directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 125, 134-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
7. C
Sharing and understanding. Sharing means that there must be one who sends the message and one who reacts to it. Understanding means that both sender and receiver grasp the same message. Telling/Informing is a one-way process. All messages have words but meanings are generally not included. Personal beliefs and attitudes determine if you care about a message or not.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. B
Agree on ground rules. Once you know your group's purpose, you can (as a group) lay some simple ground rules for appropriate behavior during the discussion. Finding out what people know about the subject and contributing in a useful way occur later in the process. Volunteering a new idea is a discussion tool for contributing in an open-minded way.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put In Your Two Cents
9. D
Speak loudly enough for the audience to hear the message. When making an oral presentation to a group, the speaker should speak loudly enough for everyone in the audience to hear what s/he is saying. If audience members cannot hear what the speaker is saying, they might misunderstand or misinterpret the message. A speaker should try not to turn away from the audience when presenting visual aids and should maintain eye contact with the audience. Because swaying back and forth can distract the audience, the speaker should avoid this type of movement.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 95]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. C
Preparing outlines. Businesspeople often are expected to write business letters on a regular basis. One technique that helps them to write effective business letters is to first prepare an outline. An outline is a general plan giving only the main points to be covered. Preparing an outline helps businesspeople to decide exactly what they want to say in the letter and to organize their thoughts. Businesspeople then can use the outlines to write effective letters. Businesspeople usually do not ask questions, consult references, or develop charts in order to write effective business letters.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 108-111]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Respond positively. Persuasive messages often ask people to do something, such as buy a product, make a donation, give a speech, etc. To be effective, the message should be written in a way that makes it easy for the person to respond positively and agree to do what is asked. The messages might contain toll-free telephone numbers, an offer to deliver a product for free, or to pick up a donation. People are more likely to respond positively if it is easy to do so. Persuasive messages do not need to be read slowly. The writer of the message organizes it logically. People might politely answer persuasive messages, but the intent is to have them respond positively.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-335]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. C
Hiring process. Customer relations skills such as courtesy and friendliness should be emphasized during a business's hiring process. Employees are the most important factor in a business's customer relations. Businesses musth hire people who will present a positive "face" for the company to the public. Courtesy and friendliness are not skills that relate to market research, facilities design, or technology planning.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
13. D
Business process management. A customer-centric business is constantly striving to align its objectives and activities with customer needs. Doing so is known as business process management (BPM). BPM focuses on this alignment by stressing innovation, flexibility, and most importantly, technology. Employee training involves educating workers on how to best perform their job duties. Organizational structuring refers to the way business functions relate within a company. Continuous improvement refers to continuously evaluating business processes to make them more efficient and effective.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2 Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
14. B
Define service differently. Customer service involves performing activities and providing benefits which lead to customer satisfaction with the product and/or the business. Channel members, which are all of the individuals and businesses that assist in moving products from the producer to the end user, depend on each other to perform activities leading to customer satisfaction. While it is important to have products when and where they are needed, it is also important to remember that customers often have different ideas about service. For example, one customer may not accept a substitution for a certain item or brand because they are concerned about quality, while another customer may want the item quickly and will accept the substitution. Each customer has different expectations, so each customer defines service differently. Expecting low service levels, wanting immediate delivery, and refusing late shipments are different factors that influence how customers define service.
SOURCE: DS:029
SOURCE: Coyle, J.J., Bardi, E.J., & Langley, C.J. (2003). The management of business logistics: A supply chain perspective (7th ed.) [p. 101]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. D
Economic goods and services. People purchase both tangible objects (goods) and productive activities (services) in order to satisfy their economic wants. When consumers purchase one good rather than another, they are casting their dollar, or economic, votes for the item they purchased and against the items not purchased. Noneconomic wants are satisfied by free goods items which can be obtained without spending money.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
16. B
Free-trade agreements. Free-trade agreements lessen the trade restrictions (e.g., tariffs, quotas, licenses) among countries. For example, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is a trade agreement among the United States, Canada, and Mexico that has eliminated trade barriers. When fewer trade barriers exist, there are more opportunities for businesses to buy and sell products in other countries. Protectionism is a government's policy to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition. Protectionism, language barriers, and strict safety standards often hinder a business's ability to enter international markets.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22 Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
17. D
Analyze organizational resources. Organizational resources are everything the business uses to operate. These resources include tangible items such as equipment and capital, as well as intangibles such as patents and brand names. It is important to analyze the resources that are available in order for businesses to adapt to today's markets. They need to determine if they have the capacity to adapt using current resources. For example, a business might find that it needs new equipment in order to increase productivity and remain competitive in today's market. Businesses do not necessarily need to hire new management staff, participate in international trade, or remodel corporate facilities to be able to adapt to today's markets.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [p. 41]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
18. D
Private. A market economy is an economic system in which the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. This ownership is not limited except by the abilities of the individuals or businesses. Government ownership is a characteristic of a command economy. Monopolies in which markets are controlled by single suppliers do exist in market economies, but under controlled conditions.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 55). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. D
Participative decision-making. When businesses encourage employees to give input, share suggestions, and take part in decision-making, participative decision-making occurs. Motivation involves giving employees rewards and incentives for being productive. Specialization is the process of making the best use of resources in the production of outputs. Quality of work life is the general conditions in which employees work.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
20. B
Consumers and producers are borrowing more money. During the growth, or expansion, phase of business cycles, interest rates on loans are low, thereby encouraging consumers and producers to borrow more money in order to make even more purchases. During the peak phase, demand for all resources exceeds their availability. During the peak and the contraction phases, people become less hopeful about the future of business and begin to save more money. Also during the contraction phase, producers reduce their purchase of new goods; instead, they try to sell the goods which are currently in inventory.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9 Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
21. C
Good for. Not doing things you don't want to do is one way of being responsible to yourself. It is as good for your self-esteem as doing the things that make you feel good about yourself.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 13]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
22. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Prejudice often is a cause of discrimination, which is the unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, such as race, religion, or gender. For example, if an employer assumes that a person in not capable of doing a job simply because that person is a member of a certain race, the employer is guilty of discrimination based on prejudice toward race. Diversity is all the ways in which people differ, including background, age, gender, and race. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 269-270). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. C
Trustworthy. Being trustworthy means that people can rely on you to do what you say you will do. Trustworthy people will not tell anything they have been asked not to tell or pass along rumors that might not be true. An efficient person is one who performs in an effective, organized manner. A straightforward person is direct, open, and honest. A tactful person has the ability to do or say the right thing in any circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 9). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
24. C
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Concern or identification with others can be demonstrated by using appropriate words or facial expressions, gestures, and eye contact. Self-understanding is understanding oneself. Interdependency is the dependence of people on each other. Verbal communication uses words rather than facial expressions, gestures, or eye contact.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
25. B
Bargaining. Bargaining is a negotiating strategy that uses "give-and-take" tactics to reach an agreement. One person gives up something the other person wants and, in return, that person offers something the first person wants. A collaborative negotiating style is most likely to create an outcome that benefits both parties. When both parties benefit, the result is usually fair, rather than unfair. Peer pressure occurs when one person tries to influence another person of equal status to act in a particular way. Most often, peer pressure is used to describe negative types of behavior, such as smoking. Self-control refers to a person's ability to restrain his/her feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
26. B
Keep your self-control. Keeping your self-control is sometimes very hard to do during conversations in which you tell people that you are unable to help them now. However, this is a time when it is important to remain calm and not become angry or upset with someone. You don't want to say something that you will regret later. If you feel yourself starting to lose it, take a couple of deep breaths. Count to 10 slowly. These techniques help you to relax. Taking a couple of deep breaths and counting to 10 slowly will not help you to get what you want, become more emotional, or feel superior to others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
27. A
Explain how the change will benefit them. A change leader is a person who has the ability to guide others and persuade them to alter their opinions or actions. Because some individuals have a difficult time accepting and making changes, change leaders must be able to explain how a change will actually benefit them. By doing so, the change leader has a better chance of persuading others that a new idea, process, or action will improve a situation. Telling others that there is a better way of doing things (even if it is true) might put them on the defensive and make them more resistant to change. Giving others as little information as possible may make you appear like you are being dishonest, which may hinder your ability to persuade others because they won't trust you. In many situations, facts and statistics aren't necessary or relevant to the proposed change.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23 20/20 Foresight
28. D
When Naomi purchased office supplies, she presented the cashier with a card that automatically withdrew funds from her business's checking account. A debit card is a common method of payment for goods and services. Issued by financial institutions (e.g., banks), a cardholder scans the card into a machine at the point of sale. The information is transmitted to the appropriate location, and the funds are electronically transferred from the cardholder's checking or savings account to the seller's account. Credit is the arrangement in which businesses and individuals can purchase now and pay later. Individuals and businesses can obtain the goods and services that they need right away, such as airline tickets, and then pay for the tickets when they receive their statements from their lending institutions. Some businesses offer membership or customer-loyalty cards, which provide their members or customers with product discounts. Gift cards are store-issued vouchers that a gift giver can purchase for another person to use to buy the store's products.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 140]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
29. A
Vacation pay. If individuals receive paid vacation, they are being reimbursed for work done. Child support income is unearned because it is court-ordered. Interest and dividends are unearned because an individual is not required to work for them. Trust disbursements also qualify as unearned income because no work is done to receive them.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: TaxBraix.com. (2005-2011). What is the difference between earned, portfolio, and passive income? Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.taxbraix.com/taxarticles/difference-between-earned-portfolio-passive-income.html
30. A
Provides protection against financial losses. Insurance is designed to protect against financial losses, whether those losses are related to property, health, or even life. Insurance does not protect a person from unethical salespeople or guarantee a solid financial future. Insurance is available to property owners and non-owners alike.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Williams, F. (2003). Investing for life youth handbook. Madison Heights, MI: National Association of Investors Corporation.
31. A
Transparent. When financial information is fully disclosed and is presented in a clear, understandable way, it is transparent. Transparent information is not buried in a document or presented in a way that deliberately confuses the reader. Relevant information consists of data that are helpful to users of the information. Timely information is current or up-to-date. Flexible data are often used in or applicable to different situations. Alana's report may or may not contain flexible, relevant, or timely information.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: BasicCollegeAccounting.com. (2006, November 10). Main qualitative characteristics of financial statement. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://basiccollegeaccounting.com/main-qualitative-characteristics-of-financial-statement/
32. A
Accounting information. Accounting is the process of keeping financial records. The accounting information in these records helps managers to make financial decisions that affect the business. The accounting information indicates to managers how much money they can spend for activities, such as hiring more staff. A profit-and-loss statement is an income statement which shows how much money the business has made or lost. Journals are special books or computer programs in which a business's transactions are recorded in the order in which they occur.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
33. B
Interpreted in different ways. Accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records. Because many issues and situations in business are different, it is possible to interpret financial information in different ways. Some of these interpretations may be more ethical than others. In order to interpret financial records in a way that is ethical, it is necessary to consider how others are affected by the interpretation. For example, if investors are hurt by the financial interpretation, it may be unethical. Not all financial records are made available to the public or reviewed by government agencies. Financial records often are communicated in writing; however, this is not why ethics in accounting is important.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: eNotes. (2011). Ethics in accounting. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.enotes.com/business-finance-encyclopedia/ethics-accounting
34. A
Make the right decisions. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. As a result, employees involved in finance often have many decisions to make that affect the company and its customers. Making the right decisions is often difficult because employees try to do what is best for the company and for customers. Being ethical and having ethical standards to follow often helps employees make the right decisions. The role of ethics in finance is not to encourage employees to increase company profits, sell to customers, or prepare operating budgets.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (pp. 31-32). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
35. B
Electronically processing information. Human resources management involves gathering and maintaining an enormous amount of information related to employees and their jobs. One way that the use of computer technology benefits human resources management is by electronically processing information. Computer systems are able to store vast amounts of information in databases, allow managers to access and update information when necessary, and organize information according to specific criteria. As a result, fewer employees are needed to process the information and the amount of paperwork is reduced, which saves money for the business. The use of computer technology does not reduce the need to interview candidates or analyze valuable feedback. Departmental managers delegate work and provide their subordinates with feedback.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Peterson, J. (2010, December 19). The role technology plays in today's human resource management. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://educationforthe21stcentury.org/2011/01/the-role-technology-plays-intoday%E2%80%99s-human-resource-management/
36. B
Online industry reports. Secondary information is information collected by others. External secondary information is obtained from sources outside the hotel chain, such as competitors' web sites, government documents, or online industry reports. Guest-registration data or occupancy forecasts are internal sources of secondary information that are collected for one reason and may be used for other purposes, such as for marketing. Suggestion cards that the hotel collects from guests are an example of primary information, which is information collected for the purpose at hand-to obtain feedback about their experiences with the hotel's goods and services.
SOURCE: IM:421
SOURCE: Silva, K. E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 193). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. D
Free reception for frequent travelers in which feedback is collected. Primary information is collected for the purpose at hand, while secondary information is collected for some other purpose but used to provide insight to the purpose at hand. Automated guest history records, reservation records and registration information, and financial statements provided in annual reports are all examples of secondary information.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 116-121]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
38. A
Sequential patterns. When mining data to anticipate behavior patterns and trends, the restaurant should check for sequential patterns in the data. When stored data are used to locate data in predetermined groups, then the relationship of classes is sought. Clusters of relationships are found when items are grouped according to logical relationships or customer preferences. Data can also be mined to identify associations among data.
SOURCE: IM:424
SOURCE: Frand, J. (n.d.). Data mining: What is data mining? Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.anderson.ucla.edu/faculty/jason.frand/teacher/technologies/palace/datamining.ht m
39. C
3.7. The mean is the arithmetic average of the statistical sample. To calculate the mean, first multiply the value of each response by the number of responses (6 x 8 = 48; 5 x 12 = 60; 4 x 16 = 64; 3 x 14 = 42; 2 x 9 = 18; 1 x 6 = 6). Then, add the totals (48 + 60 + 64 + 42 + 18 + 6 = 238), and tabulate the total number of responses (8 + 12 + 16 + 14 + 9 + 6 = 65). Divide the total by the number of responses to determine the mean (238 ÷ 65 = 3.66 or 3.7).
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 171). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. B
One variable increases as the other variable decreases. The correlation coefficient, r, ranges from -1 to +1. A correlation coefficient of -1 > r > 0 tells the reader that as variable X increases, variable Y decreases. When the two variables tend to increase or decrease together, the correlation coefficient is 0 > r > 1. When two variables do not vary together at all, the correlation coefficient is r = 0. When there is perfect correlation between two variables, r = 1.
SOURCE: IM:370
SOURCE: GraphPad.com. (n.d.). Interpreting correlation results. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.graphpad.com/articles/interpret/corl_n_linear_reg/correlation.htm
41. A
Support report findings. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations that often include slides, video, graphics, sound, color, etc. Because the information contained in reports is often technical or complex, businesses often prepare multimedia presentations to explain and support the report findings. The visual presentation often makes complicated information easier to understand as well as more interesting. The purpose of using presentation software to prepare multimedia presentations is not to use the presentation to maintain customer files, develop web sites, or access online resources.
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. C
Use meaningful comparisons. When the presenter of a research report compares the findings with information previously known by the audience, the presenter helps to make the findings concrete and meaningful to the audience. Providing a bibliography of resources cited may be of interest to the audience, but it does not help them better understand your findings. Calling on the audience to explain their understanding of the research and asking them questions are classroom activities not something done in the business world. Instead, the audience will ask questions that you should be prepared to answer.
SOURCE: IM:391
SOURCE: Center for Applied Linguistics. (2007). Evaluator's toolkit for dual language programs. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.cal.org/twi/EvalToolkit/8who2present.htm
43. A
Service. Service marketing involves the marketing of service-oriented businesses and activities, such as food service. The restaurant is promoting its atmosphere and qualified staff who provide the service. Product marketing is the marketing of goods, such as the food entrees that the restaurant sells. Mass marketing involves appealing to the whole market. Target marketing is selecting specific markets and advertising to them.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Fisk, R.P., Grove, S.J., & Joby, J. (2008). Interactive services marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 2-3]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
44. A
Projecting a certain image. If a company wants the public to perceive it in a certain way, it is trying to project a certain image. Increasing sales, increasing efficiency/ productivity, and achieving stability are all company goals, but they are not necessarily related to how a company wants to be perceived by the public.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
45. A
Advertise effectively. The guest-history file contains information such as the guest's name and address, length of stay(s), date of stay(s), method of payment, etc. Knowing the geographic location of its guests allows the hotel to target its advertising and other promotions to those areas. If walk-in guests have never stayed at the property, the hotel would not have a guest history for them. The files also would not help the hotel to stay within the budget or to hire employees.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 78]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
46. D
Accessing an Internet search engine. A quick, cost-efficient way to obtain current information is by accessing an Internet search engine. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and that displays results. Developing a survey does not obtain the desired information unless it is sent out, completed, tabulated, and analyzed. Archived journals can be found in libraries or by accessing online sources, but may not contain current information. Setting up interviews with experts might take time, so this option is not efficient and could be more costly for the hospitality business.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (2009). Google search basics: More search help. Retrieved September 25, 2011, from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/answer.py?answer=136861
47. C
Many people don't understand what it is. Information management can be a challenge because many people don't understand what it is or what role they should play in it. Many people may want to participate in information management but just do not know how. There is often too much information to manage, something known as information overload. There is no one "right" way to approach information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
48. C
Information security. Businesses often maintain personal information about their customers, such as credit-card numbers, bank-account numbers, and account passwords. Businesses must take reasonable care to protect and secure their customers' personal information to reduce the risk of fraudulent behavior, such as computer hacking and identity theft. Businesses should develop policies about removing digital information from their facilities. A patent provides legal protection to the owners of inventions. The customers' privacy, rather than employees' privacy, has been compromised in the presented situation. There is no indication that data entry problems exist with the information provided.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: The Associated Press. (2007, July 12). Ohio: Stolen device contains 859,800 ids. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/19724250/
49. C
Internet companies offering phone service. Digital convergence is the tendency of digital services that were once separate entities to combine into new forms. An example of the Internet offering phone service is Skype. Wireless, bandwidth, and WANS are not examples of digital convergence.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 148-150]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
50. D
Legal. Any lawsuit in which a company is involved requires the business to have legal records. These records can be almost any business document created. Payroll records, asset records, or promotional records may be required in certain legal situations. But in Justin's company's situation, there has been an accidental death of an employee while on the job. This means that legal records should be on hand in case the family sues.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
51. B
Protecting the environment. The growing concern over the condition of the environment is influencing the way that many companies do business. Businesses that once ignored the damage they did to the environment are now spending billions of dollars to correct the problems and to change the way they operate. Public sentiment is forcing these companies to address environmental issues, such as pollution. The businesses that fail to do their part to protect the environment often anger consumers, which may lead to a loss of sales. The government, rather than business, is concerned with the distribution of wealth. Monitoring the economy is not a new trend but an ongoing business function. Businesses do not regulate government; instead, government regulates business.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Silva, K. E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (pp. 30-32). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Internet web sites. The evolution of the Internet has made it possible for customers to book, cancel, and change their hotel reservations as well as gather information and take a virtual tour of the guest rooms of various lodging facilities. New technology has made it possible for hospitality businesses to track an Internet user's online purchasing habits. The information gathered through the tracking system can be analyzed and used to develop customer relationships via direct marketing efforts (e.g., specials, surveys). Because more people are booking lodging facilities via the Internet, the use of travel agents is decreasing. Satellite roving devices and service rating advisors are not common terms used to describe concepts related to the hospitality industry.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Thraenhart, J. (1998-2011). The power of the Internet to build customer relationships and increase service levels in the travel and hospitality industry. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.htrends.com/researcharticle13277.html?POSTNUKESID=72dc51685825c427e0e 1ccaf6bc93e92
53. B
Document from being forwarded. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. These software programs do not prevent a virus from being downloaded, an attachment from being included, or a search engine from being used.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Boyce, J. (2011). Help protect confidential information in e-mail using IRM. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook-help/help-protectconfidential-information-in-e-mail-using-irm-HA001180136.aspx
54. D
Sprain. A sprain is an injury to muscles or joints caused by twisting or tearing of the ligaments. An open wound involves a break in the skin, such as a paper cut. A strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or overexerting. A hernia is an injury in which part or all of a body organ breaks through surrounding tissue and protrudes.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Brittain, Y. (n.d.). Common workplace injuries and how to prevent them. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.medicalallianceassociation.com/pdf/Common%20Workplace%20Injuries_v4%20fi nal%20B.pdf
55. B
Firewalls. Malware (malicious software) is an illegal computer program that is used to disrupt computer processes, destroy computer programs, and access confidential business information. Firewalls are types of computer programs that combat these types of dishonest activities and protect a business's digital information. Spyware is a computer program that tracks and captures a computer user's Internet usage habits, e-mail messages, etc. Cookies are text files that are put on a web-site visitor's hard disk and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site to track Internet behavior. Shareware is a type of computer program in which computer users can sign up for the software on a trial basis. After the trial expires, the computer user can purchase and register the program, if desired.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Hanson, W., & Kalyanam K. (2007). Internet marketing & e-commerce (p. 152). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
56. A
Prepare a budget. Most projects have costs involved. However, before asking everyone you know to make a contribution, it is important to prepare a budget. By developing a budget, project managers will have an accurate picture of what it will cost to do the project. Then, they can ask others for the financial resources to cover the costs. It is not necessary to open an account or arrange for credit before asking for contributions. Holding a fund-raiser is one way to obtain financial assistance after preparing a budget to find out the amount of money that will be needed.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19 Get What You Need
57. A
Sponsors. You do not need sponsors to complete your project. Sponsors are not a necessary resource. You do need tools, money, and permission (if required).
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28 From Here to Done
58. B
Inventory of supplies. When businesses use an automatic reorder system, an order for additional supplies is placed when the inventory decreases to an established level. This makes it possible for a business to effectively maintain an inventory of supplies at the right level. The business does not tie up funds by purchasing too many supplies, or risk running out of supplies. Businesses do not use an automatic reorder system to maintain an adequate work environment, budget for expenses, or maintenance system.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 360). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
59. D
Scheduling. Production scheduling establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Employees responsible for scheduling look at the number of steps in the production process and estimate how long each step will take. They then set times when each step should begin and end, and schedule delivery of the resources that will be needed. Routing is the production activity that determines the sequence for the steps in the production process. Dispatching is issuing orders for production to start. Planning is deciding what will be produced, how it will be produced, and how much of it will be produced.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
60. D
Give the robbers what they want to avoid potential injury. In order to deal with robbers, it is always best to give in to their demands without causing a disturbance. Robbers want to enter a business and leave quickly, and any startling activity could make them panic and cause employees additional harm. Although it is good advice to keep as little cash on hand as possible to limit losses, it will not impact the actual robbery situation. Keeping the safe locked will also limit losses but, again, doesn't keep the robbery from occurring. As a rule of thumb, employees should not discuss the situation with anyone except management and the police.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: American Bankers Association. (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 150). Washington: Author.
61. A
Medical kit and cellular phone. Medical kits should contain items needed to initiate emergency care (e.g., a splint). Depending on the location of the accident and the extent of the injury, a cellular phone would be useful to call for additional help and transportation of the injured party. A toolbox, flashlight, map, and compass may be helpful but are not the primary items needed for the described situation. Most first-aid or medical kits include nonprescription pain relievers, such as Ibuprofen, rather than medication prescribed by medical doctors.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Brouhard, R. (2010, November 30). First aid kits: Building and storing your first aid kit. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://firstaid.about.com/od/emergencypreparation/qt/1staidkit.htm
62. C
Reach their goals. An important step in reaching a goal is identifying the goal and figuring out what needs to be done in order to reach it. Acting independently, achieving financial success, and competing with others are examples of goals that people might set for themselves.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
63. A
Allows adequate time for personal and professional activities. The use of time-management techniques forces us to take care of important activities immediately, which relieves pressure and tension. It allows more time for rest and relaxation. This will ultimately reduce stress.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1 About Time (Time Management in Business)
64. B
Write the interviewer a follow-up letter. Expressing appreciation for the interview is just as important when you know you won't get the job as it is when you believe you might be hired. It makes a good impression on the company, puts your name into their files and, in some cases, may make them reconsider their decision. The letter should be written while the details of the interview are fresh in your mind. After that, you might want to find out about training for the skill you lack and to look for a similar job opportunity. There is no basis for filing a complaint in this case.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 71]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
65. A
To be able to promote from within. Many businesses prefer to promote from within whenever possible and help current employees move up the career ladder. To do this, businesses often provide opportunities for their employees to continue their education or receive additional training. As a result, they have a pool of qualified employees to choose from when higher-level jobs become available. This benefits the employees because they can advance within the business. Businesses often provide financial assistance, such as tuition reimbursement, to help employees continue their education. However, that is not the reason for providing the additional training. Businesses do not provide educational opportunities to identify problems in the company or to support the local community college.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 480-481]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
66. B
Obtain sales leads. People who attend trade shows usually have an interest in the goods and services on exhibit. Therefore, they are good sales leads for the companies participating in the show. Companies do not participate in trade shows in order to meet with the competition, although trade shows do give businesses a chance to see what competitors are doing. Visiting new cities and hiring new employees are not main benefits of trade show participation.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D. and Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world's greatest industry (2nd ed.) [pp. 531-532]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
67. D
Obtain further education and certification. Trade or professional organizations consist of individuals or groups that work within a particular industry. Benefits of belonging to a professional organization include networking opportunities, the establishment of consistent industry standards, trade shows, and venues for members to further their education (e.g., seminars, workshops, classes, certification) within the industry. Continuing education programs can help people keep up with trends associated with their industry. The availability of government funding is dependent on each government's resources and guidelines. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that all governments provide financial support to trade organizations. Joining a professional organization does not necessarily improve or increase employee productivity. Joining a trade organization might help industry members learn about the use of promotion, but it does not necessarily develop the materials or programs for them.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Tourism Industry Association of Nova Scotia. (2011). Member benefits: Professional development. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.tians.org/membership/member-benefits/professional-development
68. B
A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available. A decrease in the number of guests occurs during economic slowdowns because people are reluctant to spend their discretionary income on travel. Consequently, there is an increase in the number of rooms available as more rooms become available for rent. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available does not follow the law of supply and demand, which suggests that as demand for rooms go up, supply typically goes down. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available would work the other way because as demand goes down, the supply of rooms available for rent typically goes up. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available typically occurs during good economic times when people are more willing to spend their discretionary income on travel.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
69. A
Price. Price is the marketing element requiring marketers to determine the amount of money they will ask in exchange for their products. In the travel and tourism industry, price is closely associated with customers' perceptions of value and worth. If customers think the travel product has value and worth, they are often willing to pay for it. Also, value and worth differ from customer to customer, so what is value to one customer might not be value to another. For example, some people prefer economy hotels because saving money is a value to them. To other people, receiving many services is a value that they are willing to pay for. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in a business. Place is the marketing element focusing on considerations in getting a selected product in the right place at the right time. Promotion is a marketing function needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Silva, K.E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 168). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. C
Encourage employees to report new product ideas from other restaurants they visit. New product ideas come from a variety of internal and external sources. Some examples of internal sources include personal observation; formal research and development activities; recommendations from corporate, employees, family members, and people who provide professional assistance to the restaurant such as bankers, attorneys, etc. The problem with asking family members for recommendations is that managers might feel that they can't reject bad ideas. Competitors won't recommend new products because they don't want to lose business to others. Although trade associations might suggest ideas for new products, the fact that they're recommending the products to local restaurants would fail to give any one restaurant a competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 246]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
71. B
Determine what to buy. Buyers consider customer requests in order to determine whether a profitable market exists for new goods and services. A sales forecast is a prediction of what sales to a target market will be over a specific period of time. Marketing research is the process of collecting, recording, and analyzing data for marketing decision-making. Buyers obtain information about prices, terms, delivery, etc., from several vendors during the process of vendor selection.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 83-84). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
72. D
Businesses generally buy the item in larger quantities. A business's peak selling season occurs when customer demand for certain goods and services is very high. For example, the demand for beachwear and outdoor furniture is usually highest during the spring and summer months in the northern hemisphere. Therefore, businesses generally try to order these types of items so they have enough on hand to meet demand. Some types of businesses (e.g., resort gift shops) carry similar items need them at the same time, so vendors and manufacturers might need more lead time to fill orders. Although businesses might purchase small quantities of the item on a frequent basis, they run a risk of back-order situations from their suppliers and, therefore, cannot meet customer demand. Although businesses consider competition when marketing products, other factors are often considered when determining the quantity of items to purchase.
SOURCE: PM:261
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 181-182]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
73. B
A fly-drive vacation package. The main product in the travel and tourism industry is the experience. This experience often includes contact with tangible objects such as airplanes, automobiles, cruise lines, etc. However, what the customer is buying is the actual experience of traveling and visiting destinations. In this example, the fly-drive vacation package is the product because it is what the customer will experience. A brochure explaining cruise options is a promotional piece. Checking on flight schedules and sending confirmation letters are services involved in selling the travel and tourism product.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Cook, R.A.; Yale, L.J.; & Marqua, J.J. (2010). Tourism: The business of travel (4th ed.) [pp. 80-81]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Educational.
74. C
Product extensions. A product extension is a good or service added to an existing product line or product category. An example is a hotel chain adding a new line of hotels. Valet service and full-service dining can be found in many upscale hotels but not at an economy facility. A company that owns more than one type of hotel and offers different levels of service or amenities have extensions from the main product (hospitality services). Market potential refers to estimated revenues or income that can be generated from a specific market segment. Franchising is a method of distributing goods and services through a licensing arrangement between a parent company and another individual or company outside the parent company. Multicorporate franchising is not a term used in the hospitality and tourism industry. Property management systems are the central computer or technological systems that a hotel uses.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 640). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. D
Advertising. When selecting a vendor, business owners consider the services that vendors offer. Some vendors provide assistance with advertising, either on a cooperative basis or by giving the business promotional materials. Businesses often need advertising assistance and select those vendors who provide the most help. Regulations are an established set of rules rather than a service. Forecasting is predicting the future. Budgeting is estimating what income and expenses will be for a specific period of time.
SOURCE: PM:263
SOURCE: Entrepreneur.com. (2011). Small business encyclopedia: Co-op advertising. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/term/82096.html
76. A
Podcasts. Podcasts are digital audio and/or visual programs that can be automatically or manually downloaded from the Internet to customers' mp3 players or computers. Customers can then listen to and/or watch the podcasts at their leisure. Hospitality and tourism companies may use podcasts to educate or entertain potential guests while also advertising their organizations' services. Social media are typically networking web sites that rely on users for content. Blogs are online journals containing entries written by a company, individual, or group of people. Ad serving involves advertising to an Internet user while his/her chosen web page is loading onto her/his browser.
SOURCE: PR:298
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 147-148]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
77. A
Del.icio.us. Social bookmarking web sites such as Del.icio.us allow subscribers to post, tag, and rank links to articles, blogs, photos, and videos online. Some do so for strictly personal purposes, such as to bookmark web pages, articles, or photos that they would like to access away from home or share with their friends. Other individuals access social bookmarketing web sites to search for more "trusted" web sites that focus on a particular topic. Because these individuals may bypass more traditional search engines such as Google and Bing entirely, businesses often post their own web sites and blog entries on social bookmarking sites as well. To improve their chances of being seen on these social bookmarking sites even further, businesses also encourage their web site and blog visitors to tag and/or rank their sites for many different social bookmarking sites. Facebook is a social networking web site, not a social bookmarking web site.
SOURCE: PR:325
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [p. 149]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
78. C
Filters. Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information such as junk e-mail. Some filters only allow e-mails from preselected addresses such as those from friends and family members to pass through. Others don't let e-mails with certain words such as "free" in the subject header enter the inbox. Filters are an obstacle to businesses because they can prevent the delivery of their e-mail messages. Servers, gophers, and queues are not computer programs.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13 E-Mail as a Marketing Tool
79. B
Feeling of cheerfulness and warmth. Yellow suggests sunlight, which provides both warmth and cheer. Whether an ad using yellow was very legible would depend upon the color(s) used with it black on yellow is easy to read. St. Patrick's promotions are traditionally green. A feeling of coolness and quiet is created by blue.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: Squidoo. (2011). Color: Meaning, symbolism, and psychology. Retreived September 26, 2011, from http://www.squidoo.com/colorexpert
80. C
Color harmonies. The various colors in an ad need to go together, or be in harmony, for the ad to be visually appealing. Color is an important element of an ad because color attracts attention and helps to create a mood. Therefore, it is important to use colors that go together well and create the desired look. Storyboard is the outline of a television commercial. Production costs do not impact the composition of a print ad because composition involves the design of the ad. Dialogue is important in television commercials and radio spots.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-524]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
81. B
Accurate proofs. Digital color is one aspect of digital imaging which involves the development of computer-generated ads and promotional materials and the printing of those materials. Digital color also is a method of preparing accurate proofs that portray the colors exactly as they will appear in the printed piece because the proof is prepared from the same computer file that will be used to print the piece. The concept of digital color is not used to prepare publicity plans, marketing programs, or sales procedures.
SOURCE: PR:274
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 542-543]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
82. A
Amplified. Word-of-mouth marketing occurs when customers tell others of their satisfaction with a particular business. Amplified word-of-mouth marketing takes place when marketers purposely encourage their customers to share information about a business with others in their community. Clara's Pizza Parlor, for example, deliberately asks visitors to its web site to send information about the restaurant in the guise of a postcard to their families and friends. Organic word-of-mouth marketing is another word-of-mouth strategy. Organic word-of-mouth marketing occurs when satisfied customers voluntarily tell people around them about a business that they like, without the business prompting them to do so. Celebrities are sometimes used as a word-of-mouth strategy, but that is not true of this example. Inconspicuous word-of-mouth marketing is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PR:319
SOURCE: Word of Mouth Marketing Association. (2009). WOM 101: Organic vs. amplified word of mouth. Retrieved July 22, 2009, from http://womma.org/wom101/4/
83. D
Factual. There are several strategies that copywriters can use to develop advertising copy. One of these is the factual strategy that involves explaining what a product is, what it does, and how it benefits consumers. Copywriters are using facts to promote the product, such as explaining size or composition. For example, factual copy might state that a cell phone weighs less than one pound, is made of scratchresistant material, and can be programmed to hold 500 numbers. The imaginative strategy would focus on explaining new and unusual ways to use a product. The emotional strategy appeals to consumers on a personal level and focuses on their feelings, such as love and loyalty. The emotional strategy also includes an irrational appeal rather than a factual appeal.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 493-496]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
84. B
RU hngry? thN stop by Pete's <) 4 a fre slice. 2day 1ly. CU sn. Although text messaging abbreviations are typically avoided in mobile ad copy, there are times when they are appropriate. For instance, if a restaurant's target market is teenagers, then it might send a mobile ad to teenagers in "their" language text messaging lingo. Teenagers are more likely to respond to a message that uses the same abbreviations that they do rather than writing out every word in what becomes a very long message. While shorter messages are better, "Pete's Pizza. Free slice." is too short to give the ad recipients all of the information that they need, such as the fact that the offer is only good today.
SOURCE: PR:318
SOURCE: Lingo 2 Word. (2001-2011). Translate to text message lingo. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://www.lingo2word.com/translatetxt.php?searcher1=word&tosearch1=Create+Cool+Text +Messages+,+Just+Type+Your+Message+in+the+left+box
85. B
Correct any errors. The proof shows the advertiser exactly the way that the ad will appear in print after it is typeset. Advertisers should check the proof carefully so that errors can be corrected before the ad is printed. The ad's copy and style have been finalized before the proof is prepared. The ad's placement refers to its location in the newspaper or magazine, which is determined before the ad is developed.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 464]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw Hill.
86. A
Contribute to the social good. Businesses often identify community issues for company involvement. When considering possible issues, businesses often look for those that will contribute to the social good, such as helping needy families, supporting education, mentoring at-risk teenagers, etc. The intent is to become involved in activities that will improve the community and benefit the citizens. When identifying community issues for company involvement, businesses usually do not consider which ones will earn a reasonable profit or build loyalty. However, as a result of being involved in community activities, a business might receive positive publicity which will help build employee and consumer loyalty and increase profit. A business is less likely to support controversial issues that may alienate its various publics.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
87. B
Be objective in presenting facts. News releases are supposed to be objective. Don't include your opinion or let your feelings show. A news release follows the format of a news story and begins by answering the questions "Who?" "What?" "When?" "Where?" and "Why?" There is no need to close with a summary of the main points. A news release should be a maximum of two type-written pages in length. You should check your spelling and grammar because the media often use a news release just the way they receive it.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 656]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. D
Special events. Businesses often plan a variety of special events to attract customers and encourage them to visit the store. Special events might include special sales, grand openings, celebrity visits, product demonstrations, etc. Businesses usually try to plan special events that will appeal to the target market. Trade shows are events where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to build sales leads and interest. Press kits are developed by businesses for the media. Market trips involve retail buyers visiting market centers to buy merchandise for their stores.
SOURCE: PR:360
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 370, 554-555). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. B
Holiday open house. Preparing for a special event, but especially a holiday open house, includes providing seasonal merchandise to customers and also creating festive displays. This kind of event is fun for customers and retailers alike but also involves a lot of work. It is important to start early and thoroughly plan all the details. A liquidation sale does not involve seasonal merchandise or festive displays, nor does a staff party. A customer appreciation day might involve special merchandise and/or special displays, but these would generally not be seasonal in nature but would reflect customer-focused themes.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 370-371]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
90. D
Replacing missing items immediately. Display items may be removed from the display because they have become soiled, been damaged or stolen, or sold. Many businesses do not sell items directly from a display because it will disrupt the display and damage its appearance. However, even these businesses will occasionally agree to sell a displayed item when no other item is available for the customer to purchase. When this happens, an appropriate replacement item should be put in the display as quickly as possible. The alternatives are actions taken in creating a display rather than maintaining it.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. B
Databases. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. The use of databases is one way of tracking marketing-communications activities. For example, a business sends out 100,000 promotional letters to customers and receives 25,000 responses. The business maintains a database of the names and characteristics of 100,000 customers as well as information about those who responded. The business can analyze the database to track the effectiveness of the mailing in reaching the target market. Questionnaires, surveys, and interviews are ways of obtaining marketing information rather than ways of tracking marketing-communications activities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. C
Weekend discount package. Sales promotion is promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. These activities include coupons, contests, discounts, and premiums that are intended to attract customers. A hotel that offers a special weekend discount package is using sales promotion to encourage customers to visit during what might be a slow time for the hotel. A local newspaper advertisement and a cable television commercial are examples of traditional advertising rather than sales promotion. A public relations campaign is not sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Silva, K.E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 225). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. A
Videos. Many travel agencies are developing displays that include videos to be able to graphically show people enjoying a destination or participating in a tour. The benefit of using videos is that it enables potential customers to see what they would see on a tour and to see what they might do at a destination. The videos are able to show action and excitement and create an atmosphere that attracts customers and increases sales. For example, a video of people white-water rafting or touring a castle is more interesting than a simple photograph. A display might include facts, testimonials from satisfied customers, and sample souvenirs; but these are static parts of a display and do not graphically show people participating in activities.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Barry, J. (2011). Upsell your customers with in-store video displays. Retrieved September 26, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Upsell-Your-Customers-With-In-Store-VideoDisplays&id=1019895
94. A
Open-ended. An open-ended question requires more than a simple "yes" or "no" response. Assumptive questions are used when you think you know how customers feel and what they will say. Interpretive questions help you to understand what the customers have said. An impersonal question would be unrelated to the customer's preferences.
SOURCE: SE:111
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 287). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. A
Experience. Salespeople often try the products they sell in order to acquire product information. They are able to explain the features and benefits of substitute items based on information they have obtained from using the items themselves. Salespeople should not let their own personal preferences, opinions, and feelings influence the product information or suggestions that they give to customers.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 305). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. A
"I understand how you feel." Salespeople do not always have to agree with customers, but they should show that they understand the customers' feelings and appreciate their points of view. With a statement such as, "I understand how you feel," salespeople can tell customers that they think their objections are important. As a result, salespeople will probably find that customers will be more open and honest with them. The other responses do not show empathy with customers' objections.
SOURCE: SE:874
SOURCE: SE LAP 100 Objection Overruled (Converting Objections into Selling Points)
97. A
Feel good about the buying decision. Customers often are not able to make a decision on what they want, and the salesperson should help them make the buying decision by answering their questions and providing them with information. Salespeople who answer questions and explain benefits will help customers to feel good about their decision to buy. Customers should not be rushed into making a quick decision as this may lead to dissatisfaction later. Salespeople should not leave customers in a state of indecision or thinking about making a decision.
SOURCE: SE:895
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 314-316). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. D
Team selling. Team selling is a technique that involves putting together a group, or team, of specialists to sell to a business. Some products are large and complex and require the expertise of several different specialists to effectively explain their features and benefits. A selling team is able to present a large amount of information to a potential customer, answer technical questions, and project a strong sales effort. Mass marketing is designing products and directing marketing activities in order to appeal to the whole market. Sale pricing is pricing items at low levels and promoting them for a limited period of time. Retail selling is selling directly to the ultimate consumer.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Spiro, R.L., Rich, G.A., & Stanton, W.J. (2008). Management of a sales force (12th ed.) [p. 270]. New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
99. D
Location of the property. People travel for many reasons, including business and leisure. The purpose of the trip, as well as the site location, often influences the selection process. For example, a businessperson traveling to meet with a customer might select a property close to the customer's office. A leisure traveler might select a beachfront resort hotel over a nearby roadside motel because it might offer more amenities geared to vacationers. A trucker, on the other hand, might select the roadside motel because of its easy access to the highway. Positioning strategies are methods that members of the hospitality industry use to create a particular image or standing in the marketplace. Although hotels use positioning strategies to appeal to customers, customers do not generally consider the specific techniques that businesses use to position products. A traveler selects a lodging facility based on his/her personal preferences, not the seller's (hotel). Although some travelers might consider tax rates when selecting a lodging facility, it is usually not a primary factor in the selection process. In addition, lodging facilities in the same general area most likely have the same tax rates.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: The Research Department of the Travel Industry Association of America. (2005). Leisure travel planning: How consumers make travel decisions. Retrieved on September 26, 2011, from http://www.hhp.ufl.edu/trsm/ctrd.default/activity/marketing_files/Leisure_Travel_Planning_TIA _Report_2005.pdf
100. D
To accomplish the business's goals. Management is the logical process of coordinating resources, such as money and employees, in order to accomplish an organization's goals. Some ways that management can do this are by obtaining needed resources and creating a good working atmosphere in which workers can be as productive as possible.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1070
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. B
Legally binding. In order for a contract to be legally binding, an offer must be made by one party and accepted by the other party. In effect, the two parties are agreeing to the terms stated in the contract. Then, both parties must live up to those terms. All contracts do not need to be notarized, put in written form, or interpreted correctly.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 212]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Fiduciary. An agent is someone who acts on the behalf of another party. The agent often negotiates contracts and handles legal issues for another person with that person's consent. The agent who shows that s/he is loyal, trustworthy, and acting in the best interest of his/her client (principal) is fostering a fiduciary relationship. Authoritative relationships are based on a particular level of control. Principal is a legal term that describes the client. Legislative processes involve the procedures in which people or governments establish laws.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 625]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. C
To be informed about a destination’s social conditions. Travel agents and tour operators have an obligation to inform clients about the social and political conditions in a destination that they are considering visiting. Clients have a right to know if there is political unrest, a threat of terrorism, or other dangerous situations that might affect their travel plans or their safety. They should be made aware of possible problems in order to make an informed decision as to whether to visit certain destinations. Travel agents and tour operators usually do not discuss a competitor's refund policy. They often ask customers if they want to buy trip insurance, but that is not considered a customer right. Travel to most foreign countries is not dangerous. However, if travel to some areas is dangerous, customers have a right to know.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 69]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
4. A
Disintermediation. Traditionally, disintermediation has involved the elimination of intermediaries or middlemen like Kathy. This results in the transfer of products directly from producers (in this case, airlines) to the ultimate consumer. More broadly, though, disintermediation can include the displacement of traditional intermediaries with new, radically different types of intermediaries such as online travel agencies. The online travel agencies are successful because they can bring more value to consumers than many traditional brick-and-mortar travel agencies. A discrepancy of assortment is a difference between the product lines that a firm offers and the assortment of products that the consumer wants. Bulk-breaking involves dividing large quantities of products into smaller quantities as products move from the producer to middlemen to consumers. There is no indication that bulk-breaking is occurring. Exclusive distribution involves selling products through only one intermediary in a certain geographic area. Since more than one firm is selling airline tickets in the geographic area, exclusive distribution is not taking place.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 327]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hail.
5. B
Providing training programs. Positive channel relationships require collaboration among channel members. Collaboration involves sharing relevant information, setting mutually-beneficial goals, and developing a team-oriented attitude. Channel leaders have the most power or leverage in the channel, and can implement tactics to foster positive relationships. Providing channel members with product training programs helps channel members be successful in selling the products. Encouraging a competitive culture among channel members, using aggressive tactics, and selling directly to end users are more likely to create conflict and have a negative impact on channel relationships.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 488-489]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
6. A
Critical feedback. When employees present their ideas to management or coworkers, they should be prepared to defend those ideas and provide supporting information. They also should be willing to accept critical feedback because others might not agree with the ideas or have different opinions. Being prepared will help employees remain objective and be able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. Critical feedback is often useful because it allows employees to view their ideas from a different perspective. Defending ideas usually does not involve accepting additional responsibility or nonverbal support. It is not acceptable to attack employees on a personal level because of their ideas.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 204-205). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. C
To share many different opinions. Many businesses encourage employees to participate in group discussions to analyze problems and find solutions. The advantage is that when employees share many different opinions, there is an increase in the chance of developing useful recommendations. However, for the group discussions to be useful, all members must fee! comfortable and be willing to express their opinions. Businesses do not make it possible for employees to participate in group discussions to discuss personal issues, to plan extracurricular activities, or to have casual conversations.
SOURCE: CO0:053
SOURCE: Hyden, JS. Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 554]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. D
Time. The system used or the way information is organized often depends on the type of information or task at hand. In the example, the employee must track delinquent accounts. Because some accounts are more overdue than other accounts the employee may use time as a method of organizing the information. Each interval may require the employee to take a different action, such as mailing a late notice to accounts that are 30 days past due, calling accounts that are 60 days past due, and turning accounts over to collection agencies that are 90 days past due. Each action is based on a certain time frame. The example does not indicate if the invoice numbers, locations, or names are organized in a specific manner.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Bradley, S. (2010, March 15). How to organize information and improve your design. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http:/Awww.vanseodesign.com/web-design/organizing- information/
9. B
Understand the process you are explaining. In order to write accurate instructions, you must be knowledgeable about the sequence and content of steps required for completion of the task. Instructions should consist of simple, brief statements that are written from the employee's perspective. Although instructions should be as brief as possible, the type and complexity of the process or activity will dictate the length of the instructions.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 115-122]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. B
Accompany other written material. A transmittal letter is sent along with other documents or reports as an introduction and explanation. The purpose of a transmittal letter is to identify what is being sent so that the recipient will know what should be included and if any action needs to be taken. The other alternatives would require letters that apply to the specific situation. A letter of congratulations would extend good wishes, a letter of apology would make amends with a customer, and a sales letter would try to sell specific products.
SOURCE: C0:133
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dufrene, D.D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Cincinnati, OH: South-Western College Publishing.
11. D
Make a decision. informational messages are intended to inform and provide data to the recipients. In many cases, the purpose of an informational message is to help the recipient make a decision. For this to happen, the business employee should explain the situation and include sufficient data. If recipients clearly understand the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the situation, they usually have sufficient information to make a decision. Clear and concise writing enables a recipient to read the message. The letterhead usually includes the business's name, address, and phone number so recipients are able to contact the business. Explaining the situation and including sufficient data does not guarantee that the recipient will agree with the content.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (go ed.) [p. 430]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. C
Progress. A progress report is a type of simple report that businesses often use to keep the various departments informed of each other's activities. Progress reports briefly provide updated information about long-term activities. They are short and usually include only summaries of necessary information. Analytical, research, and statistical are examples of complex written reports that are lengthy and contain detailed information.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 318, 322]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/rwin.
13. B
S/He needs a point clarified. When employees do not understand what the speaker has said, it is appropriate to raise their hand to ask for clarification; however, it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking. In many meetings, the leader will ask the participants if they have questions, and it would be appropriate to ask for clarification at that time. Asking questions due to differing opinions or when the agenda is being distributed may not be appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 327-330]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. D
Employers. A customer-service mindset is the belief that giving customers good service should be a top priority of a business. Without customers, there would be no need for employees. The business would have to close, and you would be out of a job. You should, therefore, keep in mind that customers pay your salary and are, in effect, your employers. Having a customer-service mindset does not involve believing that your friends, associates, and relatives are your customers, although they may be at times.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of cusiomer service (pp. 5-6). Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. B
Understand the business's policies. Salespeople must have a clear understanding of the business's policies in order to explain them to customers and to answer questions. Management is responsible for setting policies. Salespeople are expected to interpret and to implement policies, and they do not need permission to do so. The salesperson must follow the business's policy even if s/he disagrees with it.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
16. D
Protect its customers’ privacy. An ethical business implements strategies to protect its customers’ privacy. This is an important consideration to build long-term relationships with its customers, which requires earning the customers’ trust. One way for a business to earn its customers’ trust is by developing, implementing, communicating, and adhering to a customer privacy policy. Although privacy policies vary by business, they might include limiting the access that employees have to customer information and refusing to sell customer lists to third parties. If customers feel that the business respects their privacy, they are more likely to trust the business and become loyal customers. Loyal customers provide the business with repeat sales. A business can ask, but cannot require, its customers to provide feedback. Offering exclusive benefits is a strategy that a business might use in customer relationship management; however, this practice does not indicate or prove that the business is behaving in an ethical manner.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 214-217). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
17. A
Place. Place refers to the ability to make sure that products are available where they are needed or wanted by customers. In the hospitality industry, place can be a physical location (e.g., restaurant, hotel) or a site where a want or need (e.g., reservation) is fulfilled. An Internet web site fulfills a customer's desire to make a hotel reservation. Promotion is the marketing element referring to the various types of communications that marketers use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Product is defined as goods and services that businesses offer their customers. Possession refers to the goods that people own.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Silva, K.E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 170). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. B
Searching for oil on the ocean floor. The ocean is another place we can look for oil besides land. Natural gas is an alternative resource. Conserving oil to prevent waste and paying a higher price for it are not ways of finding more oil.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
19. A
Distribution. This economic activity examines how the money payments received by resource owners and producers are divided or distributed. Resource owners must feel that the incomes they receive are large enough so that they will continue to be willing to supply resources. Producers must receive enough income so that they are able to continue making or providing goods and services. Consumption is the process or activity of using goods and services. Production is the making of goods and services. Exchange involves the exchange of money payments between producers and the owners of resources.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics)
20. B
They may be limited or full line. Each trade industry must decide how broad the range of services it offers to customers will be. They are not always limited or always full line, but they are not changed on a daily basis as this would be confusing to customers and cause problems for the business.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
21. A
Franchising. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services. Franchising is very common in the restaurant business. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources, such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties. A wholly owned subsidiary is a firm that is completely owned and controlled by the parent company. Exporting is selling domestic goods in a foreign nation.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
22. B
Businesses to develop new products. Competition encourages the development of products that satisfy consumers' needs. Government does not finance business activity. Price fixing is an illegal activity that would not benefit consumers, and is prohibited by law. When businesses limit their product lines, they often create dissatisfaction among customers.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
23. A
Refusing to grant them a license. In some types of businesses, owners/operators must meet certain standards to obtain a license to operate the business. The government can refuse to grant a license to unqualified applicants. The government cannot use unfair practices such as helping competitors or raising individual taxes. The holder of a bank account has control of the account.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
24. D
Taxes. Taxes are monies that individuals and businesses must pay to the government. The purpose of many taxes is to generate sufficient revenue for governments to pay for providing necessary services to the public. Certain services, such as highway construction and maintenance, are beyond the capability of individuals. Therefore, government takes responsibility for providing the services but needs the revenue to do that which is the function of taxes. Generating sufficient revenue to pay for providing necessary services to the public is not the reason for sales, prices, or quotas.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [pp. 90-91]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
25. A
increasing inventory levels. When producers are optimistic about business activity, they increase their inventory levels in order to be prepared for the increase in demand. This action expands economic activities. Increasing the unemployment rate, decreasing the purchase of durable goods, and decreasing investments in capital goods would contract economic activities.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
26. A
Realistic. To find a career that’s best suited for your strengths, it's important to be realistic about your strengths and weaknesses. You must be honest about your aptitudes and limitations if you want to succeed. You should be specific in your self-assessment, rather than general. It's OK to be hopeful, but you must be realistic as well. Self-assessment involves only you—it's not a competition.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. A
Responsibility. Responsible individuals are accountable for things that are within their control. Initiative is the ability and willingness to think or act without being told. Interpersonal skills are how a person gets along with others. Consideration means showing kindness or thoughtfulness to others.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. A
Body language. Body language is gestures, facial expression, posture, or any other form of communicating without words. People who exhibit self-control make sure that their forms of nonverbal communication do not send a negative message. Customers probably would interpret frowning and finger shaking as negative gestures. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. A service attitude is the salesperson's commitment to the client's needs as expressed through professional behavior. Salespeople try to improve their listening skills in order to better assist customers.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
29. D
Take the criticism seriously. You should listen carefully to criticism, even though you may not like what you are hearing. The speaker thinks the criticism is valid and expects you to take it seriously. Listening carefully does not indicate that you know you have made a mistake, that you don't have any questions, or that you believe the criticism is valid.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. C
It's a lifelong process. It's important to be patient when learning to exhibit cultural sensitivity because it's a lifelong process, not a one-time goal. You'll make mistakes along the way, and you may offend someone, but you can apologize and learn from your mistakes.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
31. D
Asking why the disagreement is occurring. To determine why a conflict is occurring, a person should ask why the disagreement is occurring. Ignoring the situation does not help an individual determine why a conflict is occurring. Evaluating the other person's behavior and attitudes helps to determine the best way to approach or confront the conflict. When confronting the conflict, it is important for a person to take responsibility for her/his own actions.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
32. B
Compromise. A compromise involves giving in to another's wishes so that an agreement may be reached. This is one of the disadvantages of using consensus building as a decision-making tool. Group members are encouraged to compromise, even when they really shouldn't, in order to settle differences. Advantages of using consensus building is that it encourages group members to communicate their ideas and collaborate, or work together, to reach an agreement. Consensus building is a cooperative effort because it requires the effort of all members of the group.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard!
33. D
People will be able to depend on you. Taking full responsibility for your own actions and never blaming others for your mistakes means you are reliable. People will know they can depend on you to do what you say you will do. This does not help you to be objective or enthusiastic, and it will not keep people from trying to take advantage of you.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
34. B
Building collaborative working relationships. When employees are willing to collaborate with one another, they are more likely to help the business achieve its overall goals. Collaboration involves working together to solve problems and generating ideas that may improve the business's processes. There is not enough information to determine if Anna and Ryan are discussing issues that are directly related to the company's finances, if they are to receive promotions, or what type of work culture the company supports.
SOURCE: EI:061
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 339-340]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. D
Credit. Credit is the ability to obtain products now and pay later. Credit permits businesses to continue operating without having to pay cash for all purchases. Currency is paper money. Collateral is the assets pledged to a lender as security for a loan. Money and other assets owned by a company are called capital.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. C
Written down. People who have written goals accomplish 50 to 100 times more than people who do not. You are not more likely to achieve goals that are based on needs only or that are long- or short-term.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up
37. A
Income. Income tax is a tax rate on all income a person earns. A percentage of Jane's pay is taken out to pay for this tax. Property tax is tax on property, such as a home. Consumers pay a sales tax when they purchase many types of goods. Since Jane is receiving her pay, not buying a good, sales tax does not apply. Excise taxes are taxes paid when purchases are made on a specific good, such as gasoline. Excise taxes are often included in the price of the product.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2012). Taxes. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http:/Awww.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pI?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=taxes
38. B
To avoid being denied credit. Individuals should periodically validate their credit histories to make sure that the information is correct. In some cases, inaccurate or false information may appear in a credit history, which will result in an individual being denied credit. To make sure this doesn't happen, individuals should review the information and contact the credit bureau to change or remove inaccurate information. Individuals do not validate their credit histories to understand credit laws, find out about different types of credit, or protect themselves from bankruptcy.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 174-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. C
Property. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Businesses purchase property insurance to protect against losses from natural circumstances, such as hurricanes, hail, floods, and tornados. Life insurance pays a designated person (beneficiary) upon the carrier's death. To obtain coverage for losses that result from theft, arson, and embezzlement, businesses purchase crime insurance. Health insurance covers a certain percentage of a person's medical bills.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 402-404]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
40. C
Transactions. A transaction is a business activity such as a sale, a purchase, or a return. These transactions must be recorded accurately as part of the accounting information. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. An exchange is the trading of one thing for another. A function is a group of activities that are similar in purpose.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: Fl LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
41. A
Information systems. To keep communication flowing with other departments, the finance function depends on information systems. Information systems refers to any tools of communication within a business. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others. Marketing and production are not responsible for keeping communication flowing within the business.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
42. B
Evaluation. Budgets are critical for evaluation of a business. When businesses want to know if they are accomplishing their goals, budgets show where they are on target and where they are not. By comparing original budget figures to actual figures, businesses can see specifically what costs more than expected or less than expected and make accommodations to meet their goals. One of the business's goals might be renovation. Businesses do not use budgets for research or for promotion, although they often allocate a certain amount of money in the budget for these items.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
43. A
A tour of the business. New employee orientation usually includes activities that will provide new employees with information about the business. Orientation also helps to put new employees at ease and helps to eliminate many of their anxieties about their new surroundings. Reviewing the employee's résumé and contacting the employee's references is usually done before the business hires the employee. A performance appraisal is a tool that evaluates how well the employee performs his/her job duties. Employees receive performance appraisals after they have worked for a certain amount of time.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGraw- Hill/Irwin.
44. A
Primary data. Primary data are collected for the project at hand. By interviewing participants in a focus- group setting, Alonzo was conducting qualitative research to determine customer preferences. Secondary data are collected for a purpose other than the project at hand. Longitudinal research follows participants over a number of years. There was no indication in the scenario that the focus groups would be repeated with the same participants.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 39]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. B
Push technology. Marketers can keep up with environmental changes by scanning information that is automatically delivered to their computer by push technology. This helps marketers identify trends in their early stages of development. LexisNexis is an example of a company that scans information, finds relevant information, and forwards it to subscribers so that they can review and interpret the information at their convenience. Model building involves identifying relationships between variables. Customer discovery is a data-mining application that enables researchers to determine who will make a valuable customer. Market-basket analysis is another data-mining technique used to identify relationships between product purchases and retail shopping information.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 168-173]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. A
Average amount of sales per customer. By totaling the amount of all sales and dividing by the number of customers, hospitality and tourism businesses can determine the average amount of sales per customer. Hospitality and tourism employees can use this information as a target amount to work toward attaining and exceeding with their sales efforts. The age of customers, the size of their families, and their preferred color cannot be obtained from all hospitality and tourism sales data.
SOURCE: IM:426
SOURCE: FAO Corporate Deposit Repository. (n.d.). Chapter 2: Secondary sources of information. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http://www. fao.org/docrep/W3241E/w3241e03.him
47. A
The strength of the relationship of the two data sets is the same. The +1 correlation has a direct relationship with the X and Y coordinates, while the -1 correlation has an inverse relationship with them. However, the strength of that relationship is the same.
SOURCE: IM:370
SOURCE: Adams, A.J., & Shiffler, R.E. (2006). Basic business statistics (3rd ed.) [pp. 157-158]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
48. D
Animated backgrounds. The use of animated backgrounds appeals to young professionals, whereas older professionals would prefer having clear, concise information. Pictures and concise information appeal to all audiences. Using different backgrounds on each slide makes the presentation appear "busy."
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Scott, K. (2008, March 8). Some tips on when and when not to use animated Powerpoint background in a presentation. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http:/Awww.articlesbase.com/communication-articles/some-tips-on-when-and-when-not-to- use-animated-powerpoint-background-in-a-presentation-3541 74. html
49. C
Distribution. Distribution is the process of moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Shipping is one aspect of distribution. Important considerations in selecting the method of shipment are the weight of the product, its size, and whether it is perishable and/or fragile. Warehousing, a component of distribution, involves the storage, recording, and care of goods for future sale to customers. Servicing is the maintenance, repair, or replacement of defective parts of a product after it has been sold. Transportation is the act of moving anything from one place to another or the method by which it is moved, and is an aspect of distribution.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. B
Economic. In a time of economic uncertainty, companies look for substitute goods and services such as teleconferencing instead of holding a meeting or having one national meeting instead of several regional meetings. The competition factor in the travel environment refers to competition within the travel industry itself. Regulations in the travel industry do not affect the drug industry. Technology has made teleconferencing possible but does not affect the substitution of regional meetings for national meetings.
SOURCE: MK:013
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D., & Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world’s greatest industry 2nd ed.) [p. 73]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
51. B
Advertise in specific areas. Knowing the part of the country that most of their guests are from helps hotels to choose appropriate areas in which to advertise. They are able to target the majority of their advertising to the areas that provide the most guests. Knowing the home towns of guests would not influence a hotel's selection of newspapers, menu items, or travel brochures.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
52. C
By cause/effect. Identifying the causes and/or the effects of the highway bypass will be helpful in persuading management to make a decision about its course of action. Cause tells management why the bypass happened, while effect presents the results of the bypass. Chronological order would provide management with information according to the sequence in which the bypass occurred. An alternating organization pattern would stress the points you want to make about a comparison you are making. Emphatic order would present your ideas in their order of importance, either the strongest point being given first or last.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (1993-2012). Cause/effect. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http://writing.colostate.edu/guides/processes/organize/pop4a.cim
53. C
Transaction processing system. This is a computerized information system that processes daily, routine business transactions at the operational level of companies. Knowledge work systems aid knowledge workers in the creation and integration of new knowledge into companies. Its purpose is to improve worker productivity. Decision support systems aid managers in making decisions that are unique and rapidly changing. Executive support systems are reporting tools that enable managers to turn a company's data into useful reports.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: techopedia. (2010-2012). Transaction process system (TPS). Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http:/Awww.techopedia.com/definition/707/transaction-process-system-tps
54. B
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity. Today, connectivity may be by dial-up to telephone lines, through broadband technology, or through wireless routers. All people around the world do not have access to an Intranet or an Extranet. Broadband is a type of technology.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 208). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. A
Be as specific as possible. By being as specific as possible, results are narrowed to the most relevant material, which saves the researcher time from reading through unnecessary information. For example, if an individual is researching information on George Washington, the researcher should enter the keywords "George Washington" rather than "presidents" to retrieve the most relevant information. "Presidents" is a very broad, general term. The researcher would need to sift through much more information to obtain the needed information. Generally, most search engines are not case sensitive so it does not matter how the letters are entered into the query. Most search engines can conduct searches with more than 10 characters in the query field.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). The essentials of Google search. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http://www.google.com/help/basics.html
56. B
Presentation. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Communication software programs establish connections between computers. Numeric and electronic are not types of software programs, although some programs analyze numerical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials [pp. 201-202]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. A
Some digital records become inaccessible due to obsolete technology. The business's 2001 sales data have become inaccessible due to obsolete technology—the floppy disk. Unless the business owner saved the sales data in another form or can acquire a floppy disk drive, s/he simply cannot access the data that the disk contains. Another drawback of electronic records is that constant use and rough handling have the potential to damage some electronic media. However, there is no indication that the floppy disk has been damaged; instead, it is simply an outdated form of technology. Digital records are actually less expensive to store than paper records. There is no way to know if the data on the floppy disk comply with government regulations, but, in general, businesses keep government regulations in mind when creating and storing digital records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
58. B
Society and culture. Changing attitudes about family roles is an example of a shift in society and culture. Businesses scan social factors so that they can continue to be sensitive to customer needs and wants. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population, such as age, gender, and race/ethnic origin. The economy is the system in which people make and spend their incomes. Changing cultural attitudes do not reflect a shift in the competition.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
59. A
Internet. A personal computer is used to access Internet services. In addition, the Internet can be accessed through cell phones and personal digital assistants (PDAs). Internet services can be used to research, reserve, cancel, and pay for travel and tourism services. Fax machines were developed prior to 1990. Cellular telephones do not require personal computers for usage. Central Reservation Systems were implemented prior to 1990 and are used by persons employed in the travel and tourism industry, not the general public.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [pp. 84-85]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
60. C
Day-to-day activities. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for the company to function. This includes obtaining and allocating the appropriate type and amount of resources to do the work, such as employees, equipment, and supplies. Strategic management involves determining, monitoring, and managing long-term goals for the company. Communication is the exchange of information, which is necessary in the workplace to complete a wide range of internal and external business activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. B
Improve housekeeping. Simple housekeeping procedures, such as cleaning up work areas and putting away tools, are easy ways to keep a work area safe and reduce hazardous conditions. A yearly inspection would not correct ongoing safety problems. OSHA regulations must be enforced in order to be effective. Employees need periodic breaks from the work routine.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7" ed.) [p. 92]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
62. A
Are located in isolated areas. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Other common targets are businesses that have large amounts of cash on hand, are poorly lit at night, or are attended by only one employee.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 388, 405-406]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
63. A
Virus detectors. Viruses are programs designed to disrupt computer operations. These viruses often have the ability to destroy information or to shut down a business's computer system. These actions are types of computer crimes that businesses try to protect themselves from by requiring the use of virus detectors. Virus detectors are software programs that search for possible viruses that might attack a business's computer system. Security cameras are used to prevent theft. Businesses do not use search engines or virtual software to protect company information from computer crime.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 722). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
64. D
Does the vendor have the resources to consistently meet our business's needs? A business that wants to build a long-term relationship with a vendor must consider many factors. Most importantly, the business must determine if the vendor has the resources to meet the business's needs. Some resources include the product availability, technical-system compatibility, customer-service support, etc. The vendor's project management computer program is not usually a primary consideration during the vendor- selection process. The business's own target market is a marketing consideration for the business rather than for vendor selection. The business's strengths and weaknesses are identified in its SWOT analysis, and do not directly relate to the vendor-selection process.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 132-134). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
65. A
Capital resources. Capital resources are the money, machinery, equipment, and supplies used in production. They are only one type of resource used in production. Utility is usefulness added to a product. Utility enables products to meet the needs of the consumers who buy and use the product. Fiscal control is government use of price controls, licensing, wage control, tax rates, and other monetary methods by government to regulate business.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
66. B
Straightening display areas. Most gift-store salespeople have responsibility for performing certain housekeeping activities such as straightening display areas. These employees are able to arrange the merchandise in displays during the time they are not assisting customers. Keeping displays in a neat and orderly condition helps customers to locate items and tends to encourage buying. Management usually is responsible for purchasing cleaning supplies. Maintenance workers usually wash store windows. Fire professionals usually are responsible for inspecting fire extinguishers.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 538]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
67. B
Masks. A ventilation mask, which is placed over the mouth and nose, hinders the risk of lung irritation or damage that might be caused by harmful cleaning chemicals. Gloves protect the hands. Nets and mouth guards do not protect a hotel's housekeeping employees from inhaling vapors.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [p. 54]. Lansing, Ml: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
68. A
Ask witnesses to remain until the police arrive. In an effort to help authorities apprehend the robber(s), witnesses should be asked to remain until the police arrive. If witnesses are on hand, police will be able to ask questions and obtain descriptions that will be helpful in the investigation. The victim(s) of the robbery should be taken to a quiet area instead of being left to talk with other witnesses. This will help prevent their memory from being confused or distorted. Any customers should remain on hand until released by the police. The doors need to be secured so that only the police or witnesses can enter the business. This is to protect the evidence.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 94-97). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
69. C
Is appropriate for the occasion. The clothing outfits you choose should suit the occasion—whether professional or personal. Colors, patterns, and textures should be well balanced. An outfit should have one focal point and should maximize personal strengths. Clothing that looks, or is, expensive would not be appropriate for all occasions.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. B
A plan helps you to achieve your goals. With a personal plan of action, you will have a written, step-by- step method of achieving your goal, not just a vague idea of something you desire. However, not even a written plan can guarantee success in reaching goals. It is possible to achieve goals without having a written plan. It is not necessary to share the plan with others.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
71. A
Your major strengths, aptitudes, and interests. This information will be the most important because it will help you to determine whether you will be happy and successful in a certain career area. Salary is important to some, but most people try to find occupations that will provide personal satisfaction. People often expect that career opportunities will change according to the needs of the market and that they may need to adapt in the future. Technology is an important part of many occupations, but not all. In addition, technology is constantly changing, which means that your computer skills will likely change over time.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Jordan, A.K, & Whaley, L.T. (2003). Discovering your career (pp. 3, 8-10). Mason, OH: South-Western.
72. B
Human resource management. The employee who interviewed Jared and took him through the hiring process works in human resource management. Human resource management careers focus on the staffing activities that involve planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, training, performance appraisal, compensation, and safety of employees. This employee does not work in marketing management, banking services, or operations management. Careers in marketing management involve all marketing functions, including channel management, marketing-information management, pricing, product/service management, promotion, and selling. Banking services include cash management, short- term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
73. C
Writing a business letter. Job applicants should follow the rules for writing a business letter when they write letters of application and interview follow-up letters. The follow-up letter should express the applicant's appreciation for the interview and for being considered as a possible employee of the firm. Reports and résumés have their own guidelines. Personal letters are informal and usually reflect the writer's personality.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. B
Join a local professional marketing or trade organization. People who are members of a professional trade organization have a common need and have gained strength through pooling their talents and resources. Visiting every business is ambitious but too time consuming and may not produce the desired results. Attending after-work activities is a possibility, but it is too limiting, and she has no control over who will be at those activities. Victoria could wait until approached by others, but the process would be slow. She would only meet those who took the time to approach her.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. B
Graduate school. To become the general manager of a large hotel, an employee will need advanced education. The general manager is responsible for the daily operation of the entire hotel. This represents years of experience in the industry as well as graduate school. Attending community college, college, and seminars and workshops would not be sufficient education for the employee to move into the ranks of a GM at a large hotel.
SOURCE: PD:274
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (6th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
76. D
Event management. Destination marketers "sell" locations to clients. In many cases, destination marketers are trying to obtain convention or meeting business for a community. Other segments in event management include convention and visitors bureaus and event planning. The travel and tourism segment consists of air, cruise ships, online travel services, rail, bus, car, and tourism. Recreation consists of attractions, gaming, theme parks, clubs, and recreational activities. Restaurants and managed services include full-service restaurants; casual dining; dinner house restaurants; and food operations for institutions, government agencies, airlines, and businesses.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [p. 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
77. B
A hotel advertises a free breakfast buffet for guests on select mornings during slow seasons. Promotion is defined as a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Advertising, coupons, frequent-buyer programs, and samples are a few tools that marketers use to promote products. By advertising free goods and services (e.g., free breakfast buffet), the hotel is implementing a promotional activity. A guest ordering room service or a manager sending employees a memo regarding compensation information are not considered promotional activities. A resort employee asking guests about room preferences is a selling activity.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [pp. 409-410, 414-417]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
78. D
Product positioning. Positioning is a product mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. In most cases, businesses want the image of the new product to match the business's image and the image of its other products. Businesses create an overall image that they project to consumers, and maintain that image by positioning new products accordingly. It would confuse customers if a business with a low-cost image positioned a new product as expensive or exclusive. Also, customers might not buy an expensive new product from a business with a low-cost image. Promotional pricing is pricing goods/services at low levels and advertising them heavily. Creating an economical image of a new product to match the business's low-cost image is not an example of publicity planning or persuasive selling.
SOURCE: PM:228
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 645). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. C
Customers expect. Customers expect businesses to provide certain products. These goods and services vary by type of business or industry. For example, customers expect an office-supply store to carry paper and pens, and a hotel gift shop to sell souvenirs. Businesses do not offer only those items that vendors recommend, employees prefer, or managers suggest.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: McCalla, P. (2005). Retailing (p. 138). Woodland Hills CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. D
Valet parking. A service is an intangible product; one that can be felt, seen, heard, or experienced rather than touched. Many hospitality businesses offer valet parking as a service for their guests. Valet parking service occurs when a hotel or restaurant employee parks and retrieves the guests' vehicles upon the guests’ arrival or departure from the business (e.g., hotel, restaurant). Meals, airline tickets, and electronic room keys are tangible items.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 20-21]. Lansing, Ml: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
81. C
Product extensions. Product extensions occur when a business puts its name on a variety of products, such as Oakley sunglasses, electronics, apparel, footwear, watches, etc. Businesses use these extensions to leverage the awareness of an existing brand, to make a new product readily recognizable, to reach new customers, to keep a competitor from offering the product, and to refresh its image. The Coleman Company is not monopolizing the outdoor market since it has a variety of competitors. Upselling occurs when a salesperson sells a more expensive product than that originally requested by the customer in order to better meet the person's needs. Product positioning occurs when a business creates an image of the product or company in customers’ minds.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Marketing Profs. (2005, November 5). Know-how exchange. Retrieved February 20, 2010, from hitp:/Avww.marketingprofs.com/ea/qst_question.asp?qstID=10804
82. C
Social bookmarks. Social bookmarks enable businesses to store, organize, search, share, and manage web pages they find of interest. By tagging, or categorizing, websites or web pages, businesses can share information with as many or as few customers as they'd like. Examples of social bookmarking sites include Digg, StumbleUpon, Delicious, Reddit, Technorati, and many others. Although e-mail could be used to give this information to clients, it is not specific to this purpose. HTML, hypertext markup language, is language used in developing websites. Search engine optimization, SEO, involves a variety of techniques used to improve the rank of websites in search engines.
SOURCE: PR:325
SOURCE: Mater, A. (2010, March 19). Social bookmarking: What is it? Retrieved August 16, 2012 from http://Awww.webdesign.org/site-maintenance/web-promotion/social-bookmarking-what-is- it.16226.html
83. B
Hyperlinks. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A common use of hyperlinks is to make it possible to link from somewhere within the e-mail to a web site. Hyperlinks are a great way to drive traffic to web sites. An address book or contact list is a list of Internet addresses. A gateway is a combination of hardware and software that connects different types of networks that convert an e-mail so that the software program understands it. The ability to click on text and be transported to another web page or web site is not called an affiliation.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 207-208). New York: Glencoe/McGraw- Hill.
84. C
Detailed, accurate site map. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. Businesses use search-engine optimization strategies to obtain a good position in the search results. The key to search engine optimization is designing and submitting web pages so that they can be found easily by search engine spiders. A simple, yet effective, way to optimize a web site's ranking on the search engines is to develop a detailed, accurate site map that helps the spiders to quickly and easily locate information throughout the web site. Extensive use of JavaScript and widespread HTML code works against search- engine optimization because these computer languages create barriers that spiders have difficulty bypassing. The age of a web site usually has very little bearing on its ranking on search engines.
SOURCE: PR:361
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 178-179]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
85. C
Typography. Typography is the effective use of type. However, typography involves more than the type or lettering. It involves the style and size of type as weil as the space between letters or words. Typography has a significant effect on the look of an ad and helps to convey a message and express a certain feeling. Therefore, typography is an important part of designing an effective advertisement. Creating a storyboard is an important part of developing a television commercial. Frequency and position are factors to consider when placing print ads.
SOURCE: PR:295
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 547]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
86. D
Logo. Readers in the U.S. and Canada generally read from left to right and top to bottom. Putting the logo in the bottom right-hand corner of an advertising layout makes the logo the last element of the ad that the reader sees and makes it the most likely element to be remembered. Headlines generally appear towards the top of advertising layouts to attract attention. White space is blank space that is good to use in advertising layouts to unify the elements of an advertisement and to attract attention. The illustration is used to attract attention and helps to lead the reader into the headline and copy.
SOURCE: PR:275
SOURCE: Southwest Career and Technical Academy. (n.d.). Advertising layout strategy. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http:/www.sweta.net/teachers/tomme/graphicdesign1_projects/layout/layout_strategy/layout_strategy.html
87. B
Red, yellow, and orange. Color harmonies are the ways in which colors are combined on the page to create a sense of visual order and appeal. Colors tend to trigger certain feelings in people. Because the color red attracts the most attention visually, it tends to generate intense emotion and energy. Yellow also attracts attention and tends to be an “optimistic” color. Because yellow is hard on the eyes, it should be used sparingly. Orange is a mixture of red and yellow and often generates feelings of enthusiasm and warmth. Blue and purple are cool colors that create a sense of calm and tranquility. Green is easiest on the eye and is most often associated with nature. White signifies purity, and black signifies authority.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: What is color? (n.d.). Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http://knightdalehs.wcpss.net/student_life/fine_arts/Departments/Fine_Art/Collin/Documents/color.pdf
88. B
Buzz marketing. Buzz marketing involves generating excitement and “buzz” among early adopters of a product so that they pass along information about the product to others. The amusement park invited 200 teens to be the first to visit the park and asked them to tell their friends about how much they enjoyed it. Personal selling is a form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Print advertising is a paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services in a newspaper, magazine, etc. Merchandising is the process of having the right goods in the right place at the right time in order to make a profit.
SOURCE: PR:317
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 272-273]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
89. D
Influencer. An influencer is an individual who has the credibility and capability to share his/her positive product/service experiences with a large population. The talk show host is popular and has the means to talk with thousands of people about her positive hotel experience at the same time via her show and blog. She is not acting as an advertising agent, fact-finding personality, or infomercial host. An advertising agent is someone who develops paid forms of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. A fact-finder is a basic type of customer personality characterized by the customer's challenging a salesperson to know the products, doing comparison shopping, liking to see variety, and/or wanting factual information. An infomercial host is someone starring in a lengthy commercial that look likes a television program.
SOURCE: PR:321
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 662]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. D
Benefits. Advertising copy focuses primarily on the benefit that the product creates for the user and tries to convince the consumer that the benefit is unique to the specific brand of product. Features, or characteristics, don't sell products—consumers are more interested in what the product can do for them to make their lives easier or better. Not all products offer a warranty or are expected to offer one. Dependability will only apply to certain products.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12" ed.) [pp. 427-428]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
91. D
Bulleted content to facilitate skimming and understanding. When people read Internet ad copy, they generally skim content rather than reading ads in-depth or looking for detailed copy. The ad copy should be emotional to gain the readers' interest. Rather than talking about “we,” the writer should direct the copy to “you.”
SOURCE: PR:279
SOURCE: Chase, L. (2011). How to write Internet ad copy. Retrieved February 22, 2011, from http:/Awww.wdfm.com/marketing-tips/write-ad-copy.php
92. D
Press. The account manager should request a press proof that uses halftone film and actual printing inks to give the most accurate proof. Although this is an expensive proof, the account manager recognizes the importance of the large account. Black-and-white laser, blue lines, and Velox proofs will not provide the quality of color needed to assess the proof.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 558]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
93. C
Feeding the homeless. Feeding the homeless is a natural fit for a restaurant. Depending on the type of restaurant, unused prepared-food items may be thrown out, used in appetizers the next day, or even used in compost piles. Rather than throwing food out, the restaurant staff could take the food to the homeless. That is a worthy cause that exists in many locales. The activity could then be publicized in a press release on the restaurant's website and/or in the local newspaper. Buying books and uniforms are also worthy causes but are not as good a fit as feeding the homeless. Many late-night airport arrivals are going to their homes. Also, there are usually a number of fast-food restaurants located adjacent to the airport that could meet the needs of that group.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for the hospitality industry (5th ed.) [pp. 402-408]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
94. C
It helps writers to prioritize the information. A fact sheet is a list of facts that can be presented to the media instead of a news release or used in the preparation of the release. Writers can number the items included on the fact sheet in the number of their importance so that the most important facts are presented at the beginning of the release. Fact sheets are not intended for a specific medium, they do not provide an outline for the writer to follow, and they do not contribute to the appearance of the news release.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Janel, D. (n.d.). Tips for writing fact sheets. Retrieved August 16, 2012, from http://www. prleads.com/tips-for-writing-fact-sheets/
95. D
Confirm that red items have been displayed. The day before a special promotion you should make sure that all the items related to the event are on display. If it's a Valentine's Day promotion, you should make sure that red items are prominently displayed because customers will be looking for those items. The day before a special event is too late to order goods or make sure that ads have appeared in the newspaper. It should not matter whether the salespeople who worked last year are working this year.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 416-418]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
96. B
Processing. A number of different measurements can be used to track promotional activities such as advertising. For example, processing measures can be used to track how customers respond to the advertising. Exposure measures are used to track how many potential customers have been exposed to advertisements. Market-share measures help marketers determine if they have achieved the sales that they wanted. Communication effects measures can be used to track if customers are reacting to advertising in the way that advertisers had hoped.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Business.com. (1999-2012). Tracking your advertising response. Retrieved August 17, 2012, from http:/Avww.business.com/guides/tracking-your-advertising-response-41 O/
97. D
Check availability of the requested item. There are several steps involved in offering substitute products. The first step is to check availability of the requested item in order to satisfy customers’ requests. If the item is unavailable or out of stock, salespeople should explain that to the customers and continue with the substitute selling process. Clarifying customers’ needs is the second step in substitute selling. Pointing out features and benefits is the fourth step, and reinforcing the customer's decision is the fifth step.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111—Get Specific (Recommending Specific Product)
98. A
Their needs and wants are satisfied. When salespeople use effective selling techniques, they identify customers' needs and wants and are thus better able to satisfy them. The business benefits when customers tell others about the business, merchandise returns decrease, and customers become repeat customers.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 261, 263). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
Up-selling. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a higher priced product than the one originally requested by the customer is suggested. The customer-service agent suggested that Maddie pay a bit more for a higher priced business-class ticket rather than sitting in economy class, which is what Maddie had planned to do. Affiliate marketing is the process of promoting and selling another business's products on a web site in exchange for a sales commission. The ticket agent is selling her/his company's products, not another business's merchandise. Comparison shopping is the act of visiting other businesses to learn what competing stores are selling and the prices they charge. Maddie is not comparison shopping. A trade-in allowance is a price reduction offered for selling back an old model of the product being purchased. There is no indication that the airline would reduce the price ofa business-class ticket for Maddie.
SOURCE: SE:476
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 322-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. D
Sleeping room or hostel. Sleeping rooms and hostels are inexpensive lodging alternatives that are frequented by young adults and others who are interested in paying very little for their sleeping accommodations. An extended-stay hotel is a mid-priced hotel that caters to guests who need accommodations for an extended length of time. Although Frankie plans to be in Europe for three months, he probably doesn't intend to stay in any one place for a long period of time. In addition, extended-stay hotels, destination resorts, and timeshares are much more expensive than sleeping rooms and hostels. Destination resorts are full-service hotels that provide additional attractions and recreational alternatives for travelers. Timeshares are not necessarily resorts. Time shares are lodging properties that sell their rooms to travelers for use each year during a specific period of time.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Ninemeéier, J.D., & Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world's greatest industry (2nd ed.) [pp. 61-62, 152]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
Test 1077
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. C
Resolve disputes. The legal procedure is the process of reviewing disputes or claims and resolving them in a fair manner. Businesses are often involved in disputes with other entities, such as suppliers or competitors. If a business believes it has been wronged by another, the business follows the appropriate legal procedure to resolve the issue. Enacting legislation, establishing laws, and dissolving businesses are not the main functions of the legal procedure.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 32-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Business-format franchise. A business-format franchise is a franchise agreement in which the franchisee must operate under the trade name of the parent company that provides continuous assistance in setting up and operating the business. This kind of business arrangement would give Jake more assistance than any of the other alternatives. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who takes all of the risk and responsibility. A private corporation is a type of corporation owned by a few people that does not offer its shares for sale to the public. A product tradename franchise is based on an independent sales relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee to stock and sell a specific line of goods.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
3. A
Traffic. Tour-bus drivers must understand traffic laws in each jurisdiction where they travel because laws differ by jurisdiction. For example, one city might allow a vehicle to turn left onto a one-way street at a red light, while another city does not. If the driver does not understand and follow the law, the bus might be involved in an accident that injures the tourists, other vehicles, and pedestrians. Airline pilots must understand laws relating to airspace. Laws relating to shipping processes regulate the way certain products are moved or transported. Property laws regulate the ways in which land and buildings are used or maintained.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Find Law. (n.d.). State traffic laws. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://public.findlaw.com/traffic-ticket-violation-law/state-traffic-law/
4. A
Report the restaurant supply house for antitrust violations. The scenario is an example of a tying agreement in which a company requires a buyer to purchase one product in order to get the desired product. Tying agreements are a violation of antitrust laws. The manager should not buy the wine and glasses if they are not needed. Fraud is defined as an intentional deception undertaken for personal gain. The restaurant supply house did not deceive the restaurant manager. A visit to the restaurant supply house would only be done if the wine and wine glasses were wanted.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Sherman, A.J. (n.d). Understanding antitrust and related regulatory aspects of building distribution channels. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://www.entrepreneurship.org/en/resource-center/understanding-antitrust-and-relatedregulatory-aspects-of-building-distribution-channels.aspx
5. B
Use appropriate promotional techniques to inform channel members. Promotion is a critical consideration when introducing a new product because this function lets channel members and customers know that the good or service is available. The promotional efforts should be carefully planned and coordinated with the product's release. For example, a manufacturer might provide catalogs, brochures, coop-advertising funds, and product training to its intermediaries (e.g., dealers, wholesalers) before the product is released so that the intermediaries can explain the products to their customers or end users. Some channel members (e.g., retailers) might need to coordinate promotion so that newspaper and television advertising or special events are appropriately timed with the product's arrival on the stores' shelves. If the communication between a manufacturer and its intermediaries is already very good, the manufacturer needs to continue using good communication rather than improve it. Applying for a line of credit is a financial consideration. Ethics policies must not only be established, but they must communicated to the appropriate people or organizations.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 10-11, 12-17, 44-45]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
6. A
Smile. A smile shows the speaker that you support and encourage him/her. It is a good idea to ask questions when asked. It shows interest in the topic. A straight face is difficult for a speaker to interpret. It may mean a person is upset, is daydreaming, or is seriously listening. Talking to others during a presentation is rude to the speaker and may cause him/her to lose his/her train of thought.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 439 ]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. C
She gave out a guest's room number. Although Dawn was courteous with the caller, she was distracted by the fact that the caller seemed upset and said the call was about an emergency. In her haste to be helpful, she forgot that she should try to locate the guest, not give out her room number, even in what was described as an emergency. It was appropriate for Dawn to tell the caller that she would transfer the call and to ring the guest's room before transferring the caller to the guest's voicemail, especially in an emergency situation.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bruninghaus, M. (2006, August 21). Protecting guest data: Why hotel information security awareness training is so important. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://enterpriseinnovator.com/index.php?articleID=7291&sectionID=25
8. B
Identifying the sequential steps of a process. When describing activities that need to be done in a specific order, the writer might want to number the steps to set the process apart from the text and to clarify the process. One testimonial or a single piece of information does not require a numerical designation to reinforce the order of content. Charts are graphics that summarize numerical data. A narrative writing format is usually most appropriate when providing an example to clarify a concept.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p.155]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. A
Possible objections. The purpose of a persuasive letter is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a specific course of action. For example, the purpose of a sales letter is to motivate a person to buy a particular product. An objection is a reason for not taking a specific course of action. When developing persuasive messages, it is important for the writers to think about the readers' possible objections and acknowledge them. By acknowledging the objections and providing a rationale that removes the objections, the writers better position themselves in persuading the readers to take specific actions. Because each reader has different personal images and decision-making styles, it is not feasible for the writer to consider these factors if the letter is going to a lot of people. The readers' nonverbal cues cannot be seen when writing persuasive messages.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hayden, K. (2012, March 12). Persuasive letter writing lesson. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://www.brighthubeducation.com/high-school-english-lessons/16333-persuasiveletter-writing-activity/
10. D
Handwritten signature. Some memos are signed, but a memorandum usually has the name of the sender typed rather than written. The sender may write his/her initials next to the typed name. A date and a businesslike tone are appropriate in all memorandums. The subject is identified in the heading of the memo.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2006). Business and administrative communication (7th ed.) [pp. 582, 584]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
11. A
Grapevine. The grapevine is an oral communication method in which information is passed around the company but not formally announced or verified. Employees often communicate with each other through the grapevine and pass on accurate information about developments within the business. The problem with the grapevine is that sometimes the message is incorrect. Businesses often communicate formally with employees through the company newsletter or an official memorandum. The Internet is a worldwide interconnection of computer networks.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 68]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
12. B
Repeat business. Employees who solve customers' problems quickly and satisfactorily often are able to obtain repeat business from those customers. Customers who are well treated will likely return to the business, in spite of previous problems, because they know the employees will resolve whatever problems arise. Customers, not employees, obtain individual priority, personal service, and a pleasant experience when employees quickly handle problems and complaints.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Perreault, W. D., Cannon, J. P., & McCarthy, E. J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 20-21]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. C
Argumentative. Eva's customer is argumentative. He's trying to pick a fight with her and tell her that she's wrong. A suspicious customer questions everything and is constantly worried that your business might take advantage of him/her. A leave-me-alone customer does not want your advice or assistance even though you might be able to help. An impatient customer shows verbally or nonverbally that s/he does not want to wait in line.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
14. A
Personalized activity schedules. A competitive advantage is the edge that businesses achieve when they can offer something better than their competitors. A business that provides a service, or a better type of service, often has an advantage over competitors that do not provide the same service. Offering personalized activity schedules may persuade customers to buy from that cruise line. A business that does not have a competitive advantage if it offers room service or standard products that are provided by other, similar businesses. Open-door policy is a business practice whereby management encourages communication between employees and management by indicating that their doors are always open.
SOURCE: DS:029
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 315]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. A
Production. The movement of goods, services, and resources is possible because of four economic activities: consumption, production, exchange, and distribution. In order for consumption to occur, goods and services must be made or produced. Production relies on consumers to provide resources, and consumption relies on producers to provide goods and services. Opportunity is a chance or benefit. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
16. B
Information about prices. Information about prices is necessary in deciding whether to buy, what to buy, and how much to buy. Information is one of the functions of relative prices. Economic incentives are monetary motivators that encourage producers to change and reallocate their resources. In our economy, these incentives are profit. Rationing is a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and services produced or how scarce resources will be distributed. Limited liability is a condition in which business owners risk only the amount of their investment.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12 When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
17. B
Human resources management. This activity involves planning, staffing, leading, and organizing. It includes locating employees, organizing work, and monitoring employees. Financial analysis is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-today activities required for continued business functioning.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
18. A
Efficiency. When employees are working faster or better, they are increasing their efficiency. They may increase their value to the firm in the process and perhaps their wages and benefits, too. But their efficiency is directly tied to how fast and how well they do their work.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Profit)
19. B
The manager of a restaurant selects the monthly menu and designs a newspaper advertisement. Selecting the menu and designing an advertisement represent a variety of tasks and also a high degree of latitude concerning decision making. The relationship of scope and depth can change with a specific task, so the amounts of scope and depth vary at different times. A manager developing a monthly work schedule is an example of high depth. Signing time cards is low scope. Following guidelines to evaluate performance is an example of low depth.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: EC LAP 7 Divide and Conquer (Specialization of Labor)
20. B
Subculture. Kyle's group is a subculture at his work a smaller culture that develops under the dominant organizational culture. The organizational culture is the overall culture of the entire company. His group is not based on religion. A collective society strongly relies on groups, but it is not the term used within organizations.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
21. D
Guide the actions of others. Individuals who are leaders not only have the ability to decide what needs to be done, but they can guide the actions of others to do the work. Good leaders generally plan and organize their work, but that is not what makes them good leaders. Analyzing employee productivity is often a responsibility of leaders rather than a personality trait. Displaying empathy by feeling what others are feeling is a desirable personality trait but does not indicate leadership.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
22. B
Positive attitude. Interest and enthusiasm are part of a positive attitude which gives you a good outlook on life. Although you will still encounter frustrations and disappointments, you won't be kept down very long by them. Your interest in life and your enthusiasm will soon reassert themselves. Business cycles are periods of expansion and contraction in economic activities. An orderly, systematic environment can be obtained without interest and enthusiasm. A partnership agreement is a written agreement signed by business partners which specifies the terms of the partnership.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. C
Make excuses to justify your behavior. Making excuses means that you are trying to convince yourself that what you are doing or thinking of doing is okay that you are justifying a wrong or inappropriate choice. Maintaining confidential information (unless it is harmful to others) and being objective are ethical behaviors. Simply disagreeing with certain rules does not always indicate that you are making an unethical choice.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4 Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
24. A
Make changes of their own. Some outside changes create problems for businesses and make it necessary for them to make changes of their own. These may be changes in the organizational structure, work loads, or functions. Most successful businesses realize that change is a fact of life and that they should not resist changes that will benefit the company. Economic changes would only prompt the business to expand if the economic change is for the better. Technological changes would cause the business to hire more skilled workers with special training.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15 Stuff Happens! (Adaptability)
25. C
Verbal, assertive. Verbal, assertive behavior is a confident attitude that involves the use of words, such as speaking up when you don't fully understand something or asking questions to get information. Nonverbal, assertive behavior is a confident attitude expressed through body language. Avoidance behavior is conduct with the goal of avoiding conflict at any cost. Offensive behavior is anything that causes others to feel discomfort, embarrassment, or anger.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
26. C
Work well together. Valuing the differences in others helps people get along and work well together. They understand the differences and appreciate them. Arguing about politics is a common characteristic among all people and is not limited to those with different backgrounds. People who value the differences in others do not avoid them. Valuing the differences in others does not depend upon living in the same area.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20 Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
27. A
Interdependent. People who depend upon one another are interdependent, rather than independent. They may or may not be dependable, or reliable. They would not be interrelated or related to each other.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
28. D
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. Money is a common form of exchange. Individuals, businesses, and governments use money to purchase the products (e.g., milk) they need. When money is saved rather than spent, it is functioning as a means of accumulating wealth. Negotiating is the process of resolving a disagreement. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 34-35). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
29. C
Bank. Bank credit cards can be used at any business that is affiliated with the system. This gives cardholders a wide range of businesses from which to choose. Retail store, hotel, and petroleum cards are issued by individual companies and may be used only at their facilities.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 684-687). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. D
Credit report, credit bureau. Because businesses often base their decisions about extending credit or providing a loan on credit history, it is important for individuals and businesses to periodically check and ensure that their credit information is accurate. Credit history is provided in the form of a credit report. By reviewing the credit report, individuals and businesses can determine if there are any problems (e.g., identity theft) or discrepancies on the report that need resolved. Credit reports are available through recognized credit bureaus or agencies, which maintain files of credit information on individuals and businesses. Credit histories are not documented on bank statements, lending statements, or credit certificates. The primary purpose of financial institutions, tax agencies, and credit unions is not to maintain comprehensive credit histories for individuals and businesses.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Credit.com. (1996-2012). Credit report basics. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://www.credit.com/credit_information/credit_report/Credit-Report-Basics.jsp
31. B
Damage to credit history. If steps are not immediately taken to rectify any damages caused by identity theft, the victim of the theft could spend years trying to rebuild his/her credit and savings. If one's identity is stolen, s/he will not need to get a new identity. Unemployment and homelessness are not results of having one's identity stolen.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 176-178, 182-184]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
32. B
To hire additional staff. Managers use accounting information in making effective financial decisions involved in carrying out such management functions as staffing. For example, managers responsible for staffing may decide not to hire additional staff if the accounting information they receive shows the business's profits have decreased. However, positive accounting information might help managers decide to hire additional staff because profits have increased. Businesses do not use the information provided by the accounting department to prepare work orders, monitor procedures, or organize inventory.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
33. D
Revenue. Revenue is the money received by resource owners and by producers for supplying goods and services to consumers. Revenue is an important component of an income statement because it indicates the total amount of money a business earns from all sources such as sales, interest, and dividends. A business's revenue should exceed its expenses in order for the business to make a profit. Taxes are calculated on the net income determined by the income statement. Assets are anything of value that a business owns. Liabilities are debts that a business owes.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. C
Censorship. Although collaboration and cooperation among individuals can be used to achieve a common goal, groupthink conditions can be detrimental to ethical decision making. Groupthink is an extreme form of cohesiveness in which all members of the group strive for unanimity (harmony) at any cost. This condition stifles independent thinking and objectivity. Group members who question another member's idea or action may be censored or cut off by the group majority. In addition, individuals begin to self-censor, which means they quiet their own conflicting thoughts for the "good of the group." Groupthink can erode personal ethics and lead group members to do things they normally wouldn't do. In today's competitive business environment, the pressure to earn high profits has often resulted in fraudulent behavior, embezzlement, money laundering, etc. Such actions are often a result of groupthink conditions. Empathy is the ability to place oneself in another person's place or circumstances. Empathy is not a characteristic of groupthink, which embraces harmonious or like-minded thinking.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W., & Moorhead, G. (2010). Organizational behavior: Managing people and organizations (9th ed.) [pp. 239-242]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. A
Employee recruitment. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of the business. An important aspect of the human resources function is seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees, which is employee recruitment. capital investment, domain development, and social media are not primary activities of the human resources function in business.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: Gaspar, J., Bierman, L., Kolari, J., Hise, R., Smith, L., & Arreola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (p. 199). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
36. D
A competitive advantage. When a tour company acquires up-to-date, relevant marketing information from reputable sources, it can make thoughtful business decisions and take action to offer new travel products, increase its profits, and gain market share. A tour company that takes steps to increase its market share may gain a competitive advantage, which is the edge achieved by the business for offering something better or different from its competitors. Quality assurance is the process by which a business achieves its desired level of quality. Balance of trade is the difference between the value of a nation's exports and its imports. Although favorable business decisions should provide the business with more brand recognition, recognition is not guaranteed.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Raza, I. (2005). Heads in beds: Hospitality and tourism marketing (pp. 18-22, 217-218, 237). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
37. D
Primary. Primary information is information collected for the purpose at hand. Because the resort collected feedback for a specific purpose to obtain its former guests' opinions about its facility and services it is primary information. Secondary information is information that has already been collected for other purposes. There is not enough information provided to determine if the feedback was collected to support a theory or hypothesis or if the feedback was collected as a preliminary or preparatory step for a larger project.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 126-130]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
38. B
Tax change. Governments that raise hotel or sales tax rates can affect a region's hospitality and tourism. If the tax rates are too high, vacationers or tourists are more likely to travel to destinations that have lower tax rates, which will reduce their travel expenses. Natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes) and the unemployment rate are economic factors that can affect the hospitality and tourism industry. Terrorism is a political factor.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 132-133]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
39. B
25%. It is important for hospitality and tourism businesses and organizations to measure and analyze the composition of various markets to determine how to best market their services to different market segments. The businesses or organizations' objectives, the market segment's demographics, and the size of the market segment affect how much money they will allocate to various marketing activities for a particular market segment. To determine the percentage size of the international market during peak season, first divide the number of domestic tourists during peak season by the total market to obtain the percentage of domestic visitors during peak season (562,875 ÷ 750,500 = .75 or 75%). Then, subtract the percentage of domestic visitors during peak season by the total market to obtain the percentage of international visitors during peak season (100 % - 75% = 25%).
SOURCE: IM:427
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 210-212]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
40. B
Provide the interviewers with training. It is important for hospitality businesses (e.g., resorts) to train interviewers to ask the appropriate questions in the appropriate manner. Training helps to reduce the risks associated with interviewer bias and error, which can affect the interviewees' answers. Asking only close-ended questions will not provide in-depth, qualitative feedback. Limiting the length of the interview and allowing the interviewers to develop and ask their own questions can negatively affect the integrity of the information the interviewers collect.
SOURCE: IM:328
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 474, 483-487]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
41. B
Survey results. The research process often involves surveying customers or vendors to find out how they feel about the company and its products. The survey results are often included in a written report to support the report findings and the recommendations. The survey results are research information that will help business managers make decisions because the surveys ask questions that usually pertain to a specific problem or issue that the managers are considering. Product announcements, brand names, and committee notes are not types of research information that would be included in a written report to help business managers make decisions.
SOURCE: IM:390
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 190). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. C
Problem/issue being addressed. There is a logical sequence for presenting research orally. The presenter needs to first discuss why the study was conducted. This involves explaining the problem/issue. The researcher then moves on to explain what was done, what was found out, and what is recommended.
SOURCE: IM:391
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p.152]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
43. B
Decide to buy. There are several techniques that business employees can use to motivate customers to make the decision to buy. One of these involves appealing to customers on a personal level by creating a feeling of ownership for a product. When employees use this technique, they talk about the product in terms of the customer using the product by including words such as "you" and "your." Customers often feel a sense of ownership and are motivated to buy. Other ways to involve customers on a personal level to motivate them to buy is by having them participate in a demonstration or handle a product. Employees do not motivate customers to pay a higher price for a product.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 316). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
44. C
Variable. Travel and tourism marketing involves the marketing of services to customers who participate in producing and experiencing the services. As a result, the service varies for each customer. For example, one person's experience with an escorted tour might be completely different from another person's experience. Furthermore, the way the service is marketed varies depending on the target market. For example, a travel agency might market a luxury cruise to senior citizens and a Disney cruise to families with young children. Consequently, the marketing varies, and the outcome is often unpredictable. It is not a precise, controllable, or standard process because of the many variables.
SOURCE: MK:013
SOURCE: Silva, K.E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (pp. 8-9). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. C
Identify a target market. Many hotels maintain guest-history records from information guests provide on their registration cards. When these records are kept up-to-date, the hotel has an accurate profile of its target market to whom it can send promotional materials. This does not reduce the need for advertising or control the hotel's expenses. Housekeeping may be improved if guest complaints are recorded and acted upon, but that is not a purpose of guest records.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 116-120]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
46. D
It may be one part of a business's overall information management program. A management information system (MIS) is a form of technology that assists with a business's information management needs. It is not the same thing as an information management program; however, it may be one part of an overall information management program. An MIS is just hardware and software, but an overall information management program involves people, processes, and practices.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
47. D
Electronic transfer of funds. When a business uses computer technology to manage its money and move it among different accounts, it is taking advantage of the electronic transfer of funds. This is the same technology you use at the ATM. Hardware refers to the physical components of a computer. Expert systems are software programs that mimic the knowledge of human experts. Electronic data interchange refers to documents rather than money.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
48. A
Word processing. Word-processing software programs are used to create documents that are primarily text but may contain some graphics. Database and spreadsheet programs are used to organize and analyze different types of data. Presentation software programs are used to develop visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. B
Share information quickly. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access and share the same business information. Some applications, such as e-mail, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. By sharing information quickly, employees can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Businesses do not use collaborative computer software to enable employees to search the Web, prepare written reports, or develop keyboarding skills.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: wiseGeek. (2003-2012). What is groupware? Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm
50. C
Economic. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining political, economic, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect it, the business can take steps to ward off threats and to take advantage of opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Economic factors provide information about the way a country earns and spends its money. Information that reveals information about consumer spending habits is an economic factor. Political factors that a business might examine include changes in regulations and the laws that govern how the business operates. Information about demographics or lifestyles falls into the socio-cultural category. Technological factors often include information about advancements in technology, such as computers and satellites.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. D
Improved performance. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses analyze and interpret statistics to make various business decisions. By analyzing statistical information, a tour operator might determine ways in which to improve sales, productivity (higher outputs), or overall performance in order to compete more effectively in the marketplace. Lower demand, increased competition, and lower outputs do not benefit tour operators.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
52. D
To provide a way for travelers to share their experiences. The Internet has provided a mechanism for satisfied and unsatisfied customers to tell others about their experiences with a business. The comments of other customers are viewed as more credible statements than advertisements from the business. Therefore, travel and tourism businesses are providing this forum so that satisfied customers can spread the good word, while the problems identified can be addressed and corrections made, if needed. Hospitality and tourism businesses are not using social networking to connect travelers with similar interests, to book travelers' upcoming trips, or to notify travelers of flight cancellations.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Tripping.com. (2012). Top travel blogs. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from https://www.tripping.com/about/news/top-travel-blogs
53. C
Custodial work. Maintenance and repairs is an operations activity that includes custodial work, as well as other routine upkeep of a business's equipment and facilities. It does not include planning the production process, inspecting goods for quality, or analyzing finances.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
54. D
Report. Employees should report not only injurious accidents to their supervisors but also accidents that do not result in injuries. Employees must report non-injury accidents because the same accident may happen again, and the next time it may cause an injury. As a general safety precaution, hazardous conditions and hazardous acts should also be reported. Employees should not ignore non-injury accidents. Employees may discuss non-injury accidents after they report them. Employees do not treat non-injury accidents because no one was injured.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 407-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
55. B
Track deadlines. Meeting deadlines is an important part of successfully completing a project. Project managers need to track deadlines because one part of a project often needs to be completed before another part can begin. For example, a location must be selected before an event can take place. If the deadlines are not met, the project cannot proceed. Project managers do not necessarily need to seek input, recruit staff, or develop options because one part of a project needs to be completed before another part can begin.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
56. A
Delivery timeliness. When selecting a supplier, businesses must consider delivery timeliness. The business must ask if the supplier can deliver the goods when they are needed. In some situations, it may be better for a business to use a supplier who may be a little more expensive, but in closer physical proximity of the business, if that supplier can consistently meet delivery requirements. Personnel policies are guidelines for employees' behavior in the workplace. The exchange rate is the value of one nation's currency in relation to another nation's currency. Return on sales or target return is a profit-oriented pricing objective in which the business bases the amount of profit it wants to earn on the amount of its sales.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Hayes, D.K. & Ninemeier, J.D. (2010). Purchasing: A guide for hospitality professionals (p. 91). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
57. B
Creates form utility. One of the benefits of production is that it creates form utility usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer or user. Without production, many resources would be of little use to consumers. All of the other alternatives are benefits of production to businesses, not consumers.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
58. A
Customer area is orderly. Housekeeping duties include returning equipment/supplies to the correct location, wiping up dust, arranging stock, and keeping the cashier's area in good order. Making sure that records are properly kept and employees get to work on time or obey safety rules are supervisory responsibilities not related to housekeeping.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
59. B
Avoid direct skin contact and wear disposable gloves. To protect from bacteria transmission and skin irritation, hotel housekeeping attendants should wear disposable gloves when using cleaning chemicals. Housekeeping attendants generally alert their manager when cleaning-chemical inventory is low and do not complete the purchase order. When mixing or using toxic or strong cleaning chemicals, eye goggles or ventilation masks may need to be used. It is not necessary for attendants to keep a log of ingredients found in the cleaning materials; the ingredients are listed on the cleanser storage containers.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 275-276, 283]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
60. D
Obey the demands. Most robbers are interested only in obtaining cash and leaving the business as quickly as possible so as not to be identified. Business employees should obey the robber's demands and be cooperative in order to avoid a situation that might result in violence. The employees should consider their own personal safety first because the business probably carries insurance for such events. It may be impossible for employees to call the police or adjust the alarm system during a robbery without putting themselves in danger. They should obey the robber's demand rather than try to hide the cash.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (pp. 150-155). Washington: Author.
61. A
Targets of crime. Tourists are often easy to identify because of the way they dress and behave and because of the sites and attractions they visit. For example, tourists in certain parts of the world are easily recognized because they do not look like the local people, and they do not speak the language. Furthermore, the perception often is that tourists carry a lot of money and are not particularly careful. Also, tourists may not be aware of high-crime districts and accidentally walk into those areas. All of these factors set up tourists as targets of crime. As a result, the travel and tourism industry stresses security and tries to prepare tourists for possible problems. For example, tour operators may point out areas of cities that the group should avoid, or cruise ships might tell passengers to use only certain taxis in ports of call. Tourists are not looking for trouble, nor are they any more prone to injury than other people. Many tourists travel only with family members rather than as part of a group.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Poma, E.L. (n.d.). Staying safe in port: A three-step program. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://www.cruisecritic.com/articles.cfm?id=148
62. B
Essential to good health. Recreational activities help us to get away from life's frustrations and tensions and to relax. It is beneficial to mental, physical, and emotional health when people regularly enjoy some form of recreation. Recreation is not a luxury and may be as simple as taking a walk.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand Me! (Personal Appearance)
63. A
Subgoal. A subgoal is a lesser goal that must be achieved in order to reach the main goal. A want is a desire. A long-term goal is one that takes more than a year to achieve. Few, if any, people have unlimited resources but must use the resources available to them in order to achieve their goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
64. C
Computer. Today, most businesses expect employees to have at least basic computer skills because many business functions and activities involve the use of computers. Businesses communicate with employees, customers, and vendors by e-mail. Many businesses have web sites and offer online ordering. As a result, most employees need to know how to use a computer even if only to send an e-mail or to access a competitor's web site. Accounting, management, and legal skills are more specialized. Therefore, most employees are not expected to have these skills.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 268, 270]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. C
Listen attentively. Listening attentively during an employment interview is very important because it allows the applicant to completely understand questions before answering. Listening attentively also tells the interviewer that the applicant is sincerely interested in the job and wants to learn as much as possible in order to respond appropriately. Answering quickly, talking constantly, and speaking loudly might indicate that the applicant is nervous or unprepared for the interview rather than sincerely interested in the job.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (pp. 196-198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. C
Yes. Businesses in the hospitality and tourism industry can start small and expand. There are lots of opportunities for people to dream and actualize those dreams when they open their businesses. Not all hospitality and tourism businesses start out as large companies many are one-person operations and are not part of a franchise. Most hospitality and tourism businesses are started with the owner's debt or equity financing rather than with state funding.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [p. 6]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
67. D
To exhibit their products. A trade show is an exhibition at which businesses display their products. One of the main reasons why businesses participate in trade shows is to exhibit their goods and services to potential buyers. Businesses develop attractive displays and provide information to show attendees to generate sales contacts. Businesses do not participate in trade shows in order to attend social functions, to promote community events, or to visit new locations.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 345-346]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
68. A
Network with others who have expertise in the industry. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Because Lisa is a business owner, she might join a hospitality and tourism trade association to network with others who work in the hospitality and tourism industry. By networking with others who have expertise in that industry, Lisa has an opportunity to get ideas that will help her business grow. She may also get advice about how to solve problems and deal with difficult issues that occur in the industry. Although some trade associations provide certification, they are not a means to earn a college degree. A trade association might help Lisa locate financial sources, but it would not extend credit to her so she can purchase equipment. As a business owner, the primary reason Lisa should join a trade association is to discuss professional business with colleagues rather than personal issues.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. B
Hotel room prices vary and depend on many factors, such as supply and demand. Rates (price) change and vary greatly in the hospitality industry. When demand is high, such as during certain seasons, the rates tend to be higher. The facility location, the room size, the room type, and the type of guest the facility attracts also affect the room rates. Members of groups, conventions, and organization affiliations (e.g., AAA) often obtain discounts from hotels. Travelers who regularly frequent a specific hotel receive discounts. Therefore, price varies and is affected by the demand for and supply of rooms at any given time. Because rates change often, hotels must manage the price function carefully. Rates can vary greatly among hotels at any given time. Convention groups' needs vary, and the hotel facility works with each group to negotiate rates.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction(2 ed) [pp. 132-133]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
70. B
Modifying existing products. Developing new products often is an ongoing process that involves modifying existing products in some way. Modifications might include making a product more powerful, changing the color of a product, or creating a slightly different version of a product. For example, a company that adds frosting to a basic cereal is developing a new product by modifying an existing product. Marketing specialty products, manufacturing convenience goods, and merchandising retail goods are not examples of developing new products.
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Nielsen, L. (n.d.) Product development strategy definition: Product modification strategy. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-developmentstrategy-definition-5144.html
71. B
Product position. Disney has used its marketing skills to position the theme park as the happiest place on earth and a place where dreams really do come true. Marketing activities, employee behavior, and the entire Disney World environment are designed to support and reinforce that image in people's minds. Touch points are the opportunities that Disney has to interact with its customers. Brand name is a special name or mark that is used to distinguish products from each other. A trade character is a person, animal, or animated character used in advertising and is associated with a product or company.
SOURCE: PM:228
SOURCE: More, M.E. (2010, September 27). A picture is worth a thousand words. Retrieved February 26, 2011, from http://morethanbranding.com/tag/positioning/
72. A
Ask salespeople. Salespeople are an excellent source of information as to what customers want and need. Salespeople deal with customers daily and know what they are buying and why. When determining what goods to buy, a gift shop should obtain input from the salespeople who have direct contact with customers and are in touch with what is currently selling. Analyzing the economy and monitoring spending would provide information about customers' financial ability to buy. Management is often removed from direct contact with customers and would not likely have firsthand information.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Smith, T. (2004, April). Tapping salespeople's market knowledge. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://www.wiglafjournal.com/marketing/2004/04/tapping-salespeoples-marketknowledge/
73. A
Annual rate of consumption. The annual rate of consumption refers to the quantity that must be replaced each year because of loss or damage. Cruise lines calculate the average amount of linens and towels that must be replaced over a period of a year. Because these items wear out or are lost throughout the year, cruise lines often set up schedules for buying. For example, a cruise line might place an order every quarter to make sure new linens and towels are available when needed. The preferences of passengers might have an effect on the type and quality of linens and towels that a cruise line buys. The cruise line's relationship with vendors might have an effect on the price of goods and delivery date. The style of passenger cabin might have an effect on the quality of the items.
SOURCE: PM:262
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 262-265, 267-269]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
74. A
Perishability. If the 50 seats on the airplane go unsold, they are lost forever because they cannot be stockpiled or inventoried for a later flight. Inseparability refers to the need for the customer and service provider to be present for the service to be performed the service provider cannot be separated from the service. Although businesses train employees to provide the same quality of outstanding service, in effect attempting to standardize the service provided, services are performed by people whose personalities, attitudes, and abilities vary. Many hospitality and tourism services are seasonal, the scenario does not relate to that characteristic.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 36-39]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
75. C
Selling a cruise and a city tour before departure. A product extension is an additional product related to, but different than, the main travel product. Travel agents often provide these products as a service to customers. For example, the main product in this situation is the cruise. If customers want to take a tour of the port city before the cruise departs, a travel agent might arrange the tour as a product extension. The product extension adds value to the original product and meets the needs of customers. In the other examples, the travel agent is providing only the main travel product.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (n.d.). What is a product extension in marketing? Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/info_7758111_product-extension-marketing.html
76. B
Direct marketing. Direct marketing can be targeted to those customers who are most likely to buy. Examples of direct marketing include e-mail marketing, telemarketing, mailshots, SMS, and social media. Advertising, publicity, and sales promotion cannot be targeted to the extent of direct marketing.
SOURCE: PR:301
SOURCE: AllBusiness.com. (1999-2012). Direct mail basics. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://www.allbusiness.com/marketing/direct-marketing-direct-mail/7441.html#axzz2AoUljkFD
77. B
Featuring products on billboards in online games. Advergaming is an online video game that promotes a product, brand, or company by incorporating it into the game. There are a variety of ways in which businesses are using advergaming. One such way is by featuring products on billboards that show up during the game. Another popular advergaming technique is to feature a company's mascot or symbol in a game. Showing a product being used in a movie scene is an example of product placement. Running advertisements during a national sports game is an expensive use of advertising. Competitors would not grant permission to use pop-up ads on their websites.
SOURCE: PR:280
SOURCE: Green Lion Digital Marketing. (2010, July 6). Advergaming—A virtual billboard for real brands. Retrieved October 30, 2012, from http://greenliondigitalblog.com/2010/07/advergaming-a-virtual-billboard-for-real-brands/
78. C
High-speed Internet connection. Streaming media are sound, video, or animations that play in real time. E-mail is capable of delivering streaming media such as videos when the recipient opens the message or clicks on a "play" button. For streaming video to work properly, the recipient needs a high-speed Internet connection. Streaming media do not require the recipient to have cloud-computing capabilities, a sophisticated computer keyboard, or a complicated operating system.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Chruscinski, D. (n.d.). Requirements for streaming live videos. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/facts_5025636_requirements-streaming-live-videos.html
79. D
Multimedia messaging services (MMS). Multimedia messaging services allow individuals and businesses to send rich-media messages to cell phones. These messages may contain text, graphics, sound, and video. Short messaging services also allow individuals and businesses to send messages via cell phones, but SMS messages only contain text not images or graphics. Since Wilmer's Hotel wants to send brief videos in these messages to customers' cell phones, it needs to use the more sophisticated of the two types of mobile messaging services MMS. Complex messaging services and digitized messaging services are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: PR:276
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 363-365]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
80. C
Photographs. Illustrations are photographs, drawings, paintings, or graphics such as a chart, table, or graph. Photographs often are used to create a sense of realism in advertisements because photographs are pictures of actual people, things, and events. In some cases, a photograph showing people using a certain product in a specific way helps to sell the product because consumers can associate with the real situation. Diagrams, sketches, and trademarks are not types of illustrations that are used to create a sense of realism in advertisements.
SOURCE: PR:322
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 427). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
Distinctive. Certain type styles are more distinctive and unusual than others. In many cases, the type styles used in advertisements are selected because they stand out and are distinctive. The intent is to attract the readers' attention and encourage them to continue reading. Often, distinctive type styles are used in headlines to set one advertisement apart from all of the others. Most type styles are available in both a condensed and an italicized form. All type styles include lowercase letters. However, the style is used because it is distinctive.
SOURCE: PR:326
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 431-433). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. D
Highlights specific element. Color is an important part of the composition of a print ad. The various colors in an ad need to go together, or be in harmony, for the ad to be visually appealing. In some cases, one color is used to highlight a specific element of the ad such as the business's name which is associated with a specific color. However, the other colors in the ad need to be in harmony with the highlight color. For example, shades of brown and white go well with a highlight color of orange. Color harmonies in a print ad do not create informal balance, develop logical sequence, or always emphasize the advertiser's logo.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-523]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
83. A
Keep it short. Because mobile advertisements are displayed on cell phones, it is important to keep the message short and direct. If the message is too long, the intended audience is likely to delete the ad without reading it. The use of symbols (e.g., an offer 4 u) in mobile ad copy depends on characteristics of the target audience. For example, tech-savvy 16- to 25-year-olds are more likely to understand the use of symbols than those who do not text or use technology on a regular basis. Coupons are a salespromotion technique.
SOURCE: PR:318
SOURCE: Miller, A. (2010, July 12). AdWords mobile ad text best practices. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://calltrackingblog.com/2010/07/adwords-mobile-ad-text-best-practices/
84. D
Get a free sample of Maxim Conditioner to maximize your hair's potential. This message offers a clear call to action and specifies the name of the product and its product category (conditioner). Although some men in the 20-to-30-year-old age group might need to cover their gray or wear toupees, the products are more appropriate for older age groups. Although men may suffer from bad-hair days, the message is too general to be found easily through a search engine.
SOURCE: PR:332
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw Hill.
85. B
Print as is. If there are no changes or corrections on an advertising proof, it should be marked to print as is. This is the final stage in accepting the content and format of the advertisement before it goes to the printer. Since there are no changes, the business manager would not request another proof. If there are only a few minor changes, the business manager might mark the proof to be printed as corrected. The proof would not be returned to the designer if there are no changes.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 556-558]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
86. A
An evening for fifth graders while their parents shop at the mall. This topic ties into the image of the park being a safe place for kids. It will appeal to both fifth graders who ask to go to the theme park as well as to their parents who pay for the theme-park visits. A midnight block party would be too late for children to participate. An ESL workshop and wine-tasting do not relate to the park's image of a safe place for kids.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Smith, E. (1999-2012). Outreach project ideas. Retrieved November 1, 2012 from http://www.ehow.com/list_6703172_outreach-project-ideas.html
87. D
www.obxbaitandtackle.com. Pay-per-click ads involve paying a web-site vendor a set fee each time a visitor clicks on the sponsor's ad, directing visitors to the ad sponsor's web site. In the presented situation, Tony is the ad sponsor and he wants to place an ad on the web site that his target market is most likely to visit. Because tourists who visit the Outer Banks and like to fish are most likely to access a local bait and tackle shop's web site, Tony should place his ad on www.obxbaitandtackle.com. Surfboarders are most likely to visit a surfboard web site, whitewater rafters are most likely to visit a whitewater rafting web site, and people who like to eat seafood are most likely to access the Red Lobster restaurant's web site.
SOURCE: PR:333
SOURCE: Sick, S. (2010, July 23). Attract visitors to your website-top 12 ways. Retrieved November 1, 2012, from http://youcreatewebsite.com/attract-visitors-your-website
88. D
Using a news release. A news release is a factual announcement sent to the media to be used as a news item. Businesses use news releases so that they can inform the public about their operations without having to pay a fee. A business that uses a public relations agency pays the agency to prepare the news release. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 348]. Boston: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
89. A
Closed. The closed display case is usually made of glass and prevents the transfer of germs or the possibility of theft while motivating customers to buy. Island, open, and end cap displays do not protect freshly baked desserts.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 386-387). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. A
Kept clean and well maintained. Once a display is in place, it is important to keep it looking as appealing as possible in order to attract customers. This may involve dusting props, rearranging display items, and/or replacing the products on display. A display should not be filled with informative signs and in some cases will not need any signs. A well-executed display will attract customers and not need to be pointed out to them. Displays should be changed after a reasonable length of time, not kept up as long as possible or customers will lose interest in them.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 393). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. D
To determine their impact on sales. The marketing specialist needs to establish a baseline number on whatever s/he wants to measure. And then, s/he needs to determine increases and decreases in that baseline number when promotional activities appear. Ticket prices, target market, and show times would not be impacted by promotional activities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 455-456]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Charitable event. Positive publicity can improve the image of a motor lodge and encourage the local people to use its services. Sponsoring a charitable event is one way that a local motor lodge can obtain positive publicity and promote itself to the community. The good publicity will generate interest among local residents and ultimately lead to increased sales. A motor lodge would not obtain publicity, which is free, by sponsoring an advertising campaign or a television show for which it must pay. Employee orientation is job preparation or induction training for new employees and does not generate publicity.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 657, 668-670]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
93. D
Sombrero, poster of Cancun, beach towel, and sunglasses. A travel agency that is running a special offer for Mexican beach destinations is likely to display items that relate to the beach and to the Mexican culture. Therefore, the travel agency is most likely to display beach items such as sunscreen, sunglasses, beach towels, or even a model of a sailboat. It would also display items that relate to the Mexican culture, such as maracas (hand-held shaking instrument), a sombrero (hat), and a poster of Cancun, which is a popular beach destination in Mexico. Athens is a city in Greece, the Eiffel Tower is in Paris, France, and the Bahamas are part of the Caribbean Islands. The travel agency would not display materials for these destinations when it is promoting beach destinations in Mexico.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 388-389). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. B
Buying decisions are often a combination of emotional and rational reasons. Often, customers' buying decisions are based on both emotional and rational reasons. Individual customers as well as business customers rely on rational reasoning. Salespeople have a great ability to influence customers' buying decisions by recommending specific products. Customers don't necessarily make buying decisions within the first minute of a sales presentation.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111 Get Specific (Recommend Specific Product)
95. D
Answering as quickly as possible. Instead, the salesperson should pause before answering objections rather than rushing to answer. A salesperson should let customers say what they feel and listen carefully to everything customers are saying. They should empathize with customers' feelings and appreciate their point of view. Objections can often be turned into selling points, which are reasons to buy.
SOURCE: SE:874
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N, LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2008). Professional selling: A trust-based approach (4th ed.) [pp. 217-222]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
96. A
Suggestion selling. The server is attempting to increase the purchase by offering tempting desserts. Follow-up is sales activities which occur after a sales presentation or a sale has been made to ensure customer satisfaction. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use. Feature-benefit selling is convincing customers that a good or service has the features that will provide the benefits for which they are looking.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 321-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Attitude. A customer's attitude or feeling towards a certain product is usually developed through experience over time. Attitudes are often difficult to change, particularly if a customer is not dissatisfied with a current product. To change a customer's attitude, a salesperson must be able to convince the customer that the new product has advantages and benefits not available in the competing product. Ethics are the basic principles that govern a person's behavior. Training is developing a certain skill. A complaint is a customer's expression of a dissatisfaction.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Weitz, B.A., Castleberry, S.B., & Tanner, J.F. (2007). Selling: Building partnerships (6th ed.) [pp. 380-382]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
98. C
During check-in. Hotel employees should inform guests of the hotel's services and amenities during the check-in process. Guests who are not aware that the hotel offers certain services will not use them, which can affect the guests' experience during their stay and can affect the hotel's sales. For example, a guest who does not realize that the hotel has an on-site restaurant will not dine there. As a result, the hotel's food and beverage division loses potential revenue. Advising guests about services during checkout is not beneficial to the guest or to the hotel. Posting is a term that describes adding or subtracting charges to a guest's bill.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 292]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
99. D
$85.06. Many restaurants offer special prices on certain types of dinners to attract customers. Customers order those dinners because they are priced lower than usual. If customers also have coupons for discounts, the restaurant calculates the discount to determine the total cost. In this example, the restaurant is offering lobster dinners for $22.99. A table of four orders the dinners, but two of the customers have coupons for discounts. To process the coupons, the restaurant subtracts the discount amount from the cost of the two dinners. To determine the amount of discount, add the cost of the two dinners and calculate the 15% discount ($22.99 x 2 = $45.98; $45.98 x 15% or .15 = $6.897 or $6.90). Then, subtract the discount from the cost of the two dinners ($45.98 - $6.90 = $39.08). Add the discounted price of the two dinners to the regular price of the other two dinners to calculate the total cost for the table ($39.08 + $22.99 + $22.99 = $85.06).
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 165-166, 555-556). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. A
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1111
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. C
Procedural due process. Procedural due process exists to ensure that individuals and businesses who are sued or charged with a crime have the opportunity to present evidence on their behalf before a court can impose a penalty. Requiring the government to go through a certain set of legal procedures before taking someone's liberty and/or property provides the person or or business in question a greater chance of being treated fairly. Substantive due process exists to ensure that the government does not take away our fundamental rights (e.g., privacy). The Takings Clause requires the U. S. government to pay a fair price for any private property that it takes for public use. Sovereign immunity protects a federal government from lawsuits brought against it in foreign courts.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 116-121]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. D
Environmental. The purpose of environmental laws is fo protect the natural environment—the air, soil, and water. Environmental laws help to reduce pollution and govern the ways in which individuals and all types of businesses (e.g., service, industrial businesses) dispose of waste. Businesses that do not comply with environmental laws may be fined by the government or shut down. Antitrust laws protect free trade and competition in the marketplace. Property laws regulate the ownership of land and buildings.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 664-666]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. A
Statement of conditions. Tour operators are required to include a statement of terms and conditions in their brochures. It usually appears at the back of the brochure in fine print and should be explained to the client. A performance bond is a type of insurance policy that guarantees payment of any money owed in the event the operator experiences financial problems. A code of ethics is a written statement of responsibility for proper conduct. Federal regulation refers to the role the government plays in overseeing the conduct of an industry. While the federal regulation has diminished, self-regulation has increased.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Buzzle.com. (2014). Terms and conditions sample. Retrieved November 3, 2014, from http://www.buzzle.com/articles/terms-and-conditions-sample.html
4. B
Travel planning. Travel planning is provided by travel agents who sell transportation, lodging, tours, etc., to consumers for the companies that provide each of these services, Other services, such as legal defense, lodging, and food service, use a direct producer to consumer channel because the services must be delivered directly to the user.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CMLAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. A
Channel management and promotion. The restaurant is using a new channel, its website, to offer its baked goods to customers. To attract traffic to the website, the marketing communications director used publicity when appearing on the talk show and sales promotion by offering incentives. The website had to function properly to accommodate the sales volume generated by the incentives. Marketing-information management deals with gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions. Product/service management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. In this scenario, the product mix has not been changed.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: BizHelp24.com. (2009, August 22), Place and product in a marketing plan. Retrieved November 3, 2014, from http:/Avww.bizhelp24.com/marketing/place-and-product-in-a-marketing-plan.html
6. B
Listening. In order to carry out their supervisors’ instructions satisfactorily, employees must understand those instructions correctly. This means that active listening is a necessary skill. Good speaking skills are also important in business but not as important to carrying out instructions as listening well. Giving feedback, or expressing an opinion, is not always a job requirement. Using the grapevine would involve circulating information that the business has not formally announced.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 458-459]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
7. B
A relevant question to clarify information that the speaker had provided. Jeff asked the speaker to clarify a fact that was stated during the presentation. The question was about the area's crime rate, which was relevant to the topic at hand. Jeff's question was a close-ended inquiry because it required the message recipient to provide a response in one of two ways—10 percent or 15 percent. The question was not reflective in nature, so the message recipient did not need to put a lot of thought into or carefully word his/her response. A follow-up question is a question asked to clarify a previous question. There is not enough information provided to determine if Jeff previously asked a question.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: Effective questioner: What is an effective questioner? (n.d.). Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://ictnz.com/Questioning/effectivequestioner.htm
8. A
Potential problems. Objectivity involves evaluating something without bias. To evaluate without bias, you should look at the situation from different points of view and evaluate the positives and negatives of the ideas presented. Developing a pros-and-cons list can help you identify possible benefits and problems associated with the idea. Conducting research (e.g., market research, competitive analysis) and obtaining facts to support an idea may or may not be necessary.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Patrick, J. (2013, December 20). Establishing a process to evaluate ideas. Retrieved November 4, 2074, from http://boss.blogs.nytimes.com/201 3/12/20/establishing-a-process-to-evaluate-ideas/?_r=0
9. C
Analytic. Informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver. Analytic messages specifically communicate information that the message sender or someone else has ‘evaluated, compiled, or interpreted, which gives the message meaning. For example, if a manager writes a memo stating that a project is over budget and backs up the statement with numerical data and examples, the manager is providing evaluative (analytic) information. Explanatory messages simply state information in a neutral and objective way. The simplicity or complexity-of an evaluative message depends on the message topic.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 217-218]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. B
Most important points from the report. The executive summary is usually placed at the beginning of a long or complex report (e.g., business plan). The purpose of the executive summary is to provide the reader with an overview of the entire document. The audience tends to read the executive summary first to decide whether it is worthwhile to read any further. The document is usually one to three pages long, so it should be concise and contain the most important points or facts of the overall report. The report's introduction often includes necessary background information that the reader needs; however, the reader should not make quick decisions by considering only this information. Businesspeople write many types of reports; therefore, the report may or may not contain marketing-research results, depending on the report's purpose. The list of report elements is called the table of contents, which often advises readers where in the report they can find any appendices that the report includes.
SOURCE: C0:091
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 130]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall,
11. C
Horizontal. Communication between employees on the same level in an organization is horizontal because the employees usually are coworkers and have about the same amount of authority. Coworkers informally discuss work-related issues on a one-to-one or group basis without the need for written reports. Vertical communication flows down to employees from employers or up to employers from employees. Personal communication involves sharing information of a personal nature. Professional communication might involve information prepared by specialists.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 5]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. B
Being efficient. Being efficient demonstrates the customer-service mindset. Specifically, this means knowing how to operate equipment and software, becoming familiar with all the products the business offers, and keeping workspaces organized for action. Being accurate is demonstrated through double- checking work for accuracy. Following through means always doing what you say you're going to do. Following up with customers suggests to customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
13. D
Fair treatment of customers. Clear policies give employees guidelines to follow and help to reduce misunderstandings that create bad feelings. Fair treatment of customers is not an expense-reduction measure. Satisfying customers’ wants is not possible since wants are constantly changing. The business may run more smoothly if customers are treated fairly, but that is not the main purpose of the policy,
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L.W., & Byars, L.L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
14. D
An ad featuring a beach scene at sunrise with the caption, "A New Day Begins at Atlantic Beach." This ad featuring Atlantic Beach emphasizes place marketing, which focuses on the desirability of the location. The weekend getaway package is an example of packaging, defined as offering more than one product or service together for one price. The seminar cruise is a program offering a specific educational theme for a group. Hyatt's new luxury hotel is an example of product marketing, emphasizing amenities and luxury accommodations.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 50, 70], Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
15. B
Elastic. When consumers like Rob adjust their demand for products due to fluctuations in price, the demand is said to be elastic. In other words, demand changes when prices change. Demand for products that are extras or luxuries, such as cruises, is typically elastic. More consumers will book a cruise when the price is low than when it is high. Inelastic demand occurs when the demand for a good or service is constant, even if the product's price changes. Utility, which refers to the usefulness of a product to the potential consumer, determines the basic demand for the product. Necessary isn't a type of demand.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
16. B
Small, close. Control is an aspect of the management function that involves monitoring the work effort. The manager's span of control is the range of employees who report to the manager. If a manager has few employees to supervise, then.s/he has a small span of control, which allows more time to closely monitor the employees. If the span of control is large or broad, then the manager has several employees to supervise, which limits the amount of time that the manager has to monitor the employees’ activities. A large span of control works best when the employees are familiar with their jobs, and they work well independently.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
17. B
Earn enough profit. Some products that consumers need may not be produced in a market economy because producers are not ensured a profit on those products. Producers in a market economy are free to produce goods and services in all ranges of selling prices. In.a market economy, government regulations prevent producers from producing goods and services that pollute the environment. Conserving natural resources is a worthwhile goal but not a requirement for producers.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
18. A
$19. Marginal revenue is the change in revenue generated by the sale of one additional item. As a business produces and sells each additional item, its total revenue increases. In this example, the business has total revenue of $50,350 from producing and selling 2,650 items. To calculate marginal revenue, divide revenue by the number of items sold ($50,350 + 2,650 = $19). Therefore, each time the business sells an additional item, it will earn an additional $19 in revenue. The percentage of profit is not a factor in calculating marginal revenue.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Santos, R.A. (2008). Economics: Principles and applications (2nd ed.) [pp. 83, 88]. Dubuque, IA: Kendall Hunting Publishing.
19. C
Businesses expand and hire additional staff. When businesses expand and hire workers, the workers (consumers) have income to spend. Manufacturers usually scale back their production when consumers are not spending money to buy their products. When production decreases, businesses are more likely to lay off employees, which usually cause the unemployment rate to increase. And, when people are not working, they do not have money to spend. When the money supply is tight, there is less money in circulation and consumer spending tends to decrease.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 76-77). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
20. C
Trade deficit. A trade deficit is an unfavorable balance of trade in which a nation's imports are greater than its exports. Nations try to sell or export more than they buy in order to make more money than they spend. By promoting U.S. tourism to Americans, the government is trying to encourage citizens to spend their vacation money in the U.S. This tactic helps to reduce the trade deficit by keeping the U.S. dollars spent on vacations in the U.S., rather than having the money spent in foreign countries. Balance of trade is the difference between the value of a nation's exports and its imports. Cash flow is the movement of money, or cash, into and out of a business. Balance of payments is the difference between all monies coming into a country and going out of a country.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
21. A
Burden. When you are irresponsible, you create unnecessary problems for others. If you don’t do your share of the work, others have to do more than their share. Most coworkers would not consider this an opportunity. This situation does not set a good example for coworkers or provide them with acceptable goals.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
22. B
Get promoted. How employees behave and how they treat other people at work can affect how successful they become in their chosen career. It can determine whether they receive a promotion, a raise, or the opportunity to work on a particular project. How employees behave and how they treat other people does not have an effect on whether they earn vacation time, receive benefits, or receive fair wages.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
23. B
Self-control. Self-control is the ability to manage your feelings, words, and actions. People who have self-control are in charge of themselves, and they stop to think before they speak or act. Self-esteem is the way you feel about yourself at any given time. Self-consciousness is an excessive focus on yourself. Self-actualization is maximizing your potential.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
24. C
Motivate people to improve. Constructive criticism is intended to help individuals by suggesting ways they can improve. It is given in a positive manner, not as a negative judgment, and it does not question personal values.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Persona! Growth)
25. B
Cultural sensitivity. Culture is the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. The way that different people interact with each other is an expression of their culture. Businesspeople need to be sensitive to the fact that their foreign customers may have unique customs such as bowing when they greet each other rather than shaking hands. They should accept these customs and try to make their foreign customers fee! comfortable. Businesspeople who behave in this manner are showing respect for other customs and habits and are exhibiting cultural sensitivity. Communication skills are abilities to express yourself clearly and simply. Stereotypical behavior involves acting in a manner that conforms to a set image. Language differences occur when people speak different languages.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
26. C
Kim doesn't ship an order on time because she does not have correct information: Miscommunication is often the reason for a conflict. When someone has incorrect information, miscommunication occurs. Kim may have misunderstood her customer, or a coworker may have given her the wrong ship date, which is a catalyst for a disagreement. When normally calm and objective Andy rudely answers Lisa's question, tho reason for a possible conflict is inconsistent behavior. When Connie is upset because Jacob forwarded a memo to her manager, the reason for the conflict is unclear boundaries. Exclusion is the reason for conflict when Jason sees his manager call three coworkers into his office.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
27. D
Humble. Humble individuals, like Coach Chris, are willing to recognize that they don't know everything and are also willing to admit their mistakes. Virtually all effective coaches are humble. A humble attitude earns the respect and trust of those being coached. Although most good coaches are also enthusiastic, patient, and dependable; not enough information is provided to determine if Coach Chris possesses those character traits.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
28. D
Installment credit. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. It is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items. Revolving credit is a type of credit account that limits the total amount of money that may be owed and charges interest on outstanding balances. Open or regular credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
29. A
Health. Individuals purchase different types of insurance to protect their financial well-being. Obtaining healthcare insurance through your employer can offset medical and dental costs, which have been substantially increasing over the past several years. Because businesses usually obtain lower rates for groups of employees, it is usually more cost effective to purchase healthcare insurance through employers rather than through independent agencies. An individual purchases life insurance to protect others (e.g., family members) from financial losses related to his/her death. An individual purchases liability insurance to cover costs associated with others’ potential property losses or injuries due to negligence on the part of the insurance owner. Homeowners insurance covers losses associated with the theft or damage of household belongings.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 343-345]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
30. D
Buy more with his card than he can afford. If Jeff does this, he will be headed toward a mounting credit card debt. He should pay his bill on time to build good credit. Thinking of his card as a loan and tracking his spending habits will keep him from overspending.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 171]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
31. B
Human. These are risks caused by character traits such as dishonesty, carelessness, or incompetence. Economic risk relates to the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. Environmental risks are caused by factors outside the business that are beyond the business's control. Marketing risk is a term that can be used to describe all risks encountered in marketing.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management) 49
32. B
Accrual. The accrual method of accounting records transactions as they occur, even if no money changes hands. This method is used by many businesses that offer credit. The cash accounting method records transactions when money changes hands. income Is money received by a business from outside sources, Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
33. C
Industry standards. Just because a business earns a profit doesn't mean it can skip analyzing its income statement. It still needs to know how it is doing by industry standards. A competitive analysis of income statement figures helps a business to see its strengths and weaknesses in relation to those of the competition. Businesses usually do not share their marketing procedures with competitors. Economic forecasts and research projections indicate how businesses might do in the future.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. A
Information systems. To keep communication flowing with other departments, the finance function depends on information systems. Information systems refers to any tools of communication within a business. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to-the business by others. Marketing and production are not responsible for keeping communication flowing within the business.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Nature of Finance)
35. C
Orientation. Orientation is job preparation or induction training in which new employees are acquainted with their surroundings, receive general information about the company and its policies, and are given specific information about their jobs. Introducing new employees to their coworkers is an important step in this process because it helps to make the new employees feel comfortable and part of the work group. Application and selection are steps in the recruiting and hiring processes. Promotion occurs after employees have been on the job for a period of time and have received favorable evaluations.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., & Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-335]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
36. A
Its value is in the insight it provides and the decisions it influences. Today's managers are flooded with data that they need to convert into actionable information that provides them with customer or business insight. This insight will then guide decision making. Not all marketing information is costly to obtain. The number of studies conducted is meaningless if they fail to provide good insight.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (6th ed.) [pp. 114-115]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
37. A
Primary. Primary research involves gathering, recording, and analyzing new information specifically for the purpose at hand. The tour company collected feedback for a specific purpose, which was to determine satisfaction levels with the company's tour products; therefore, the tour company has collected primary research. Secondary research is information that has already been collected for other purposes. Unilateral and bilateral are types of contracts rather than types of marketing research.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Cash, R.P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J.W., & Friedlander, J.S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 612, 615). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
38. D
Web-log analysis. A hospitality business can determine such things as queries, entry pages, exit pages, bounces, paths through the site, file types, and virtual domains by using web-log analysis software. The web-log software provides statistics that reveal how many people visited the website, what they did while there, how long they stayed, and where they went when they left the website. Automated-reservation software allows guests/customers to reserve hotel and tour products by telephone or Internet without the aid of an employee. Multimedia software allows users to create and play audio and video files. Project-management software is used to plan, schedule, monitor, and evaluate the various resources and activities for a project.
SOURCE: IM:424
SOURCE: WebLog Experts. (2002-2014). Information. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.weblogexpert.com/
39. C
Low response rate. One disadvantage of administering a questionnaire through direct mail is that the marketer cannot control how many people complete and return the questionnaire. In the example, the convention and tourism bureau received 27 out of a possible 750 responses, which is a low response rate, making the collected data less reliable. Poor survey design, an ineffective sampling plan, and other communication barriers are potential factors that contributed to the low response rate; however, there is not enough information provided to determine if these factors affected the questionnaire’s response rate.
SOURCE: IM:297
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 212]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. B
Buying behaviors. By reviewing a guest's previous invoices (folios), a hotel can determine buying ted patterns such as room and amenity preferences, length of stay, dining habits (restaurant vs. room service), etc. By understanding the guests' buying behaviors, the hotel can develop customized step promotional messages to encourage repeat visits. Reviewing guests’ previous invoices or folios will not provide information about their personal opinions, travel preferences, or credit ratings.
SOURCE: IM:349
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 681). Columbus, OH: Giencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. C
Measuring the relationship between variables. In statistics, a correlation is a single number that represents the level or degree of relationship between two variables. Correlations help businesses make marketing decisions such as expanding to another market. When marketing researchers interpret correlations, they are not establishing standards for the marketing-research question, controlling a variety of experimental factors, or setting goals to carry out a specific marketing-research method.
SOURCE: IM:370
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 591-594]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. D
Written reports. In most cases, business managers prepare written reports for other managers in the company to provide research information that will help with the decision-making process. Written reports usually are preferred because research information is often lengthy, technical, and complex. By presenting the research information in a written report, other managers have an opportunity to read, re-read, and analyze the information at their convenience. Once they fully understand the information, they can use it to make decisions. Inter-office memos and emails often are short and do not contain a lot of detailed research information. Formal letters usually are sent to other businesses or customers rather than to other managers in the company.
SOURCE: IM:390
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 204). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hiil.
43. B
Selling, pricing, promotion, and channel management. The functions of marketing include product/service management, marketing-information management, pricing, channel management, promotion, and selling. Production is an operations activity, and operations is a business function. Planning is a management function. Market identification is an activity that occurs during the marketing- research process, which is part of the marketing-information management function of marketing.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way (Nature of Marketing)
44. D
Escorted bus tour plus lodging. Marketing a travel and tourism service involves marketing intangibles, which often are experiences. in this example, the escorted bus tour ts a travel experience that participants enjoy. It is not a tangible product, although the bus and lodging facilities are physical items. The difference is that participants purchase the experience of the bus tour rather than the bus or the hotel room, The use of the bus and the hotel room are part of the experience. Dinner, souvenirs, and postcards are tangible items that can be marketed and sold. They may add to the overall travel experience, but they are not services.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Gorham, G., & Rice, S. (2007). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travel professional (4th ed.) [pp. 204-207]. Clifton Park, NY: Thomson Delmar Learning.
45. A
Behavioral-benefits sought. A market consists of buyers who differ in one or more ways. By identifying those differences, hospitality and tourism businesses can tailor their marketing efforts to appeal to specific groups. With behavioral segmentation, people are grouped together on the basis of their knowledge, attitude, and use/response to a product, In this scenario, the group is travelers who have pets with them. This form of behavioral segmentation is based on the product benefits that the group wants— lodging that accepts pets. Psychographic segmentation based on social class divides people into different social classes. Demographic segmentation divides people into groups based on certain variables such as age, gender, race, religion, educational level, or income level. Use of a mass market approach would indicate that the hotel will not be differentiating among _ its guests and will be using the same marketing strategies with all guests.
SOURCE: MP:035
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 202- 209), Boston: Prentice Hall.
46. D
"the truth about commercial interest rate increases." When you place quotes around a phrase or title in the search field, the search engine will show results only for those websites containing that exact phrase. Placing a dash in front of the word means that you do not want the word included in the search. Placing an underscore between words and parentheses around the phrase is less likely to retrieve the exact results desired.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google. (2014). Punctuation, symbols, & operators in search. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en&rd=1
47. D
Preserve the company's organizational identity. A company's information management function is responsible for keeping track of important documents and files pertaining to the company's corporate history. The function also manages information regarding the company's. copyrights, patents, trademarks, etc. By doing so, information management helps to preserve the company's organizational identity and history. Maintaining information about a company's copyrights, patents, trademarks, and corporate history does not help serve customers more effectively and efficiently, maintain the company's building and equipment, or communicate the company's financial position.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
48. A
Mailing labels. Database software programs have the ability to sort customer lists based on a variety of criteria such as zip code, name, type of business, etc. Once a list of customers has been identified based on specific criteria, the database software can generate mailing labels for the targeted customers. This enables a business to send information to select customers rather than to the entire customer list. Database software programs are not used to print sales catalogs, budget reports, or internal memos.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbreil, G.,-& Woloszyk, C:A.-(2012), Marketing essentials (pp. 231-214). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
Manages hotel reservations and books airline seats. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Many integrated software programs are customized to meet the needs of specific businesses or industries. Because a travel agency works with airlines, hotels, cruise lines, car rental agencies, and tour operators, a travel agency would most likely need software applications that facilitate the reservation process with each of these types of businesses. All types of businesses use word-processing programs to type letters, desktop publishing software to develop brochures, spreadsheet programs to present numerical data in grids, and accounting software to monitor accounts receivable and store payroll information.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Capterra, Inc. (n.d.). Top travel agency software products. Retrieved October 30, 2014, from http://www.capterra.com/travel-agency-software
50. A
Database sharing. Groupware applications refer to the modes that employees who work in different locations use to work together or collaborate so they can accomplish a common goal. One mode of collaboration is sharing a database that links or networks several people via computer. For example, when both a sales representative and a warehouse manager have the ability to turn on their computers and access the same inventory status information to see if a product is in stock for a customer, they are using a groupware application. Email filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information. Job rotation is an instructional method in which trainees are rotated periodically from one job to another in order to broaden the trainees' perspective of the business. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses spend time with current and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Groupware Technology. (2014), Technical services. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.groupwaretechnology.com/TechnicalServices
51. A
Labor costs. Automated guest check-in and check-out services reduce the need for staff. The need for less staff lowers the hotel's labor costs. Lower labor costs benefit the hotel because it is not paying staff to perform check-in and check-out tasks, which increases its profitability. Automated guest services do not lower maintenance problems, security needs, or billing errors.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Avery, P. (2008). Se/f-service check-in at hotels and motels: A guide from Kiosk Marketplace. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.customerfacingsolutions.com/pdfs/FinalHotelGuideSelfServOnlineMag. pdf
52. C
improved performance. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses analyze and interpret statistics to make various business decisions. By analyzing statistical information, a tour operator might determine ways in which to improve sales, productivity (higher outputs), or overall performance in order to compete more effectively in the marketplace. Lower demand, increased competition, and lower outputs do not benefit tour operators.
SOURCE: NE:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-And-Measure-Business-Performance&id=744164
53. B
Holding. The money it takes to keep inventory in stock is called holding cost. Holding cost includes storage (warehouse space and employees), taxes, and insurance. The more a company can reduce holding cost, the more cost effective its operations can be. Stockout cost is associated with running out of needed inventory and is considered in terms of lost money and sales, lost productivity, and lost customer satisfaction, Purchasing and production costs have to do with creating products, not stocking them.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
54. C
Risk management. Risk management is a business function which involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit business losses. Making sure that the business's employees know and follow appropriate check-cashing or check-acceptance procedures is an effort to prevent losses due to bad checks. Laissez-faire leadership is a leadership style in which the leader assumes little or no leadership responsibility and allows subordinates to determine their own work behavior. Remedial action is a supervisory tool used to obtain desirable workplace behavior from employees by shaping or correcting employee behavior and attitudes. Cash-flow analysis is a financial analysis which predicts whether the cash generated by a business can cover the business's expenses
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: SCORE. (n.d.). Risk management. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.ct-clic.com/Newsletters/customer-files/riskmanagement.pdf
55. B
The company's production capabilities and the cost of making the needed parts. When making a make- or-buy decision, a purchasing specialist should consider whether the company is capable of making the needed parts and whether it would be cost effective for the company to make the parts instead of purchasing them. A purchasing specialist does not need to consider the sales of the finished product, the purchasing department structure, or the marketing mix when making a make-or-buy decision.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
56. B
3 days. Businesses use many measures to evaluate their vendors’ performance. One consideration is the time it takes a vendor to deliver an order after it receives the business's purchase order, To calculate the average number of days it takes to deliver the order after order placement, add together all the days to obtain the total number of days it took for the orders to be delivered (2+2+3+4+4+2+2+5+4= 24), Then, divide the total number of days by the number of deliveries made within the timeframe being measured (24 + 8 = 3).
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, CA. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 183, 547). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. A
Operating expenses. Operating expenses are expenditures required to operate a business, such as supplies, utilities, and equipment. Cost of goods sold is the money a company pays for goods it sells or raw materials from which it makes goods to sell. Variable expenses are expenses that vary according to changes in sales volume or sales revenue and can also change in proportion to the number of items produced. Break-even point is the level of sales at which revenues equal total costs.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: OP LAP 9—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
58. B
Customers get an impression of the restaurant from its dining room. Customers judge a restaurant not only for the food it serves but also on the basis of the cleanliness of the dining room. No matter how good the food may be, if the dining room is obviously not being kept clean, most customers will not return. They believe if the dining room is not being kept clean, the kitchen isn't either, and the food may be out of contaminated. There is no federal law covering restaurant maintenance and operation. It is easier for servers to move around in a clean and orderly room, but that is not an important reason to do regular housekeeping.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Hugh Large and Associates Inc. (2014). The importance of maintaining high housekeeping standards, Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.convenienceguru.com/newsshow.asp7int_id=4
59. A
Antirobbery systems. Since robbery is a violent crime involving the use of force, retailers train employees in coping with robbers and also install antirobbery defense systems intended to discourage and work apprehend robbers. Panic buttons are hidden alarms that can silently alert security or police, while video systems are visible, closed-circuit TV monitors that are focused on the cash drawer. Cash-control devices, such as safes, make it more difficult, if not impossible, for a robber to get access to cash. Customer interactive systems may be a kiosk, which allows the customer to browse merchandise by touching prompts on the screen. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. PlayStation and Xbox are types of electronic games and do not include panic buttons, video systems, and cash-control devices.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 52-53). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
60. C
Offering the guest a list of nearby medical providers or phoning for necessary help. if it's possible to let a guest choose his/her own course of care, provide the guest with a list of nearby doctors, dentists, hospitals, and/or other medical facilities. If a guest is unable to handle this task, management should call for needed services. Guests expect property managers to respond to medical emergencies. Not aiding a guest in distress is unethical and could result in lawsuits. Management should be focused, first and foremost, on getting the guest the help s/he needs, not on other guests’ impressions. In its initial response, management should not lose valuable time trying to find out who, if anyone, may have played a hand in creating the problem (such as a custodian who failed to leave a "wet floor" sign, resulting in a guest's fall). That concern should be secondary to the guest's safety and can be dealt with later.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Redman, B., & Richards, W. (2008). Skills tasks and results training (2nd ed. ) [pp. 95-96]. Lansing, MI: American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute
61. B
Targets of crime. Tourists are often easy to identify because of the way they dress and behave and because of the sites and attractions they visit. For example, tourists in certain parts of the world are easily recognized because they do not look like the local people, and they do not speak the language. Furthermore, the perception often is that tourists carry a lot of money and are not particularly careful. Also, tourists may not be aware of high-crime districts and accidentally walk into those areas. All of these factors set up tourists as targets of crime. As a result, the travel and tourism industry stresses security and tries to prepare tourists for possible problems. For example, tour operators may point out areas of cities that the group should avoid, or cruise ships might tell passengers to use only certain taxis in ports of call. Tourists are not looking for trouble, nor are they any more prone to injury than other people. Many tourists travel only with family members rather than as part of a group.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Poma, E.L. (n.d.). Staying safe in port: A three-step program. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://wwww.cruisecritic. com/articles.cim?id=148
62. D
Prioritizing. Prioritizing helps you to do the most important things first. Activities must be identified and classified before they can be prioritized or performed.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M, (2014), Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 563-564]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
63. B
Negative comments. Polishing and refining an idea may involve hard work, perseverance, and a good bit of persuasion. You may need to ignore those who tell you it won't work and who give you negative comments. In order to make your idea work, you need to believe in it and give it sufficient thought and revision. Industry feedback, personal suggestions, and logical questions may help you to improve on your original idea.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Rieck, D. (2006-2014). 8 bad habits that crush your creativity and stifle your success. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.copyblogger.com/creativity-killers/
64. D
Insurance. The insurance industry, which exists to protect individuals and businesses from financial losses, delivers “products” that transfer risk from an individual or business to an insurance company. Marketing-research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services. Accounting encompasses careers that record, classify, summarize, analyze, and communicate a business's financial information and business transactions for use in management decision making.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
65. A
Spelling. The words "advertisement" and "apply" were misspelled in the opening paragraph. These errors will create a negative impression on the employer. Before submitting a letter of application, you should check for correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation. The opening paragraph does explain the reason that you are writing the letter—the purpose of the opening paragraph.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007), Working (4th ed.) [p. 54]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. B
Business alliance organization. A business alliance organization consists of members who typically work in the same geographic area or community. The organization's members include individuals and businesses who work together to advocate for issues of common interest and to solve their common problems. A local chamber of commerce is an example of a business alliance organization. An example of a social organization would be ski club. A local chamber of commerce is not a financial association. A professional organization is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests—their primary focus is generally the expansion of professional knowledge.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: North San Diego Business Chamber. (2014). About us. Retrieved November 18, 2014, from http://www.sdbusinesschamber.com/chamber/about-us
67. C
A passing score on a certification exam. Many hospitality- and tourism-related professional organizations offer certification programs. Applicants for these certificates must typically master a specific body of knowledge, complete specialized training and educational programs, pass a certification exam, and meet other eligibility requirements such as time on the job or in the industry. An industry sponsor or mentor is helpful but not required. A salary increase, additional leave time, and promotion to a supervisory or management-level position often result from obtaining certification. They are not requirements for certification.
SOURCE: PD:273
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D., & Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world’s greatest industry (2nd ed. ) [p. 617]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
68. B
The introduction of paid personal leave time for employees. In 1913, the Westinghouse Corporation instituted paid vacation days for its employees. Many other companies quickly followed suit. Suddenly, most workers had free time on their hands—free time that they could spend traveling. Rather than shifting from industry to agriculture in the early 20th century, individuals shifted their focus from agriculture to industry. This shift from farming to commercialism boosted tourism. The development of an American passenger train system did have a positive impact on tourism, but it occurred in the 19th century, not the 20th. While widespread access to computers and the Internet has had a positive effect on mass tourism, these technological breakthroughs did not occur until the late 20th and early 21st centuries.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Cook, R.A., Yale, L.J., & Marqua, J.J. (2010). Tourism: The business of travel (4th ed.) [pp. 9-13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Halli.
69. B
Economic conditions. Economic conditions can dramatically affect hospitality businesses. When people are unemployed, they do not have money to spend on vacations. This, in turn, has a negative effect on the resort's occupancy rates and sales. As a result, the resort is likely to lower its prices to stimulate short-term sales. Political uncertainty, such as an upcoming election, may affect economic conditions, but there is not enough information provided to determine if this situation exists. The example does not indicate that competitors’ activities or weather conditions were factors that prompted the price decreases.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (pp. 230-231). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. A
Screen. The screening process involves weeding out the feasible ideas from those that are unlikely to succeed. After the screening process, the tour operator selects, develops, tests, and implements the best tour idea(s).
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 248-249]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
71. C
Location on the water. Few hotels will be able to duplicate the hotel's location; therefore, that should be its competitive advantage and should be used fo attract the 35- to 55-year-old market that has money to spend. Since food will be included in the price guests pay, ease of access to fast-food restaurants will not be an advantage. Some guests may be turned off by the hotel's height because they'd prefer being close to the ground. The target market will be appealed to—not the competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:246
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for the hospitality industry (5th ed.) [pp. 214-219]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
72. C
4.58. To determine stock turnover at retail, you will first need to determine the average inventory for the time period. To do this, add the beginning and ending inventory amounts and divide by 2 ($86,150 + $66,550 + 2 = $76,350). You then divide the average inventory into the retail sales for the time period to obtain the stock turnover at retail ($350,000 + $76,350 = 4.5842). The Fondue Inn sold the value of its entire inventory 4.58 times during April.
SOURCE: PM:224
SOURCE: Miller C.D Sarlzman, S. A., & Clendenen, G. (2009), Business mathematics (11th ed.) [pp. 303-304]. Boston: Pearson Education, Inc.
73. D
Training method. Training involves teaching others how to perform an activity. The ways in which a business trains its employees is not a consideration when determining the quantities to buy for resale. The buyer must consider what quantity will sell and make a profit for the business and also whether there is sufficient space to store the inventory.
SOURCE: PM:261
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 16-17, 119, 397]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. D
Vacation clubs. Company employees are offered special vacation packages or discounted prices on leisure trips they book through the agency. Familiarization trips are taken by meeting planners and travel professionals to inspect sites. Guaranteed lowest airfare and advance seat assignments are common services offered by most all agencies—not only to corporate travelers, but to leisure travelers as well.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [p. 252}. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
75. C
The supplier's production capabilities. The just-in-time inventory system is a method in which companies order goods just in time for them to be used or sold. For businesses that operate on this basis, it is very important for their suppliers to be able to produce goods for them as the goods are needed. Although price discounts, return policies, and dating terms are important while conducting a vendor search, the primary consideration for businesses operating on a just-in-time inventory method is the supplier's production capabilities or ability to provide product when needed.
SOURCE: PM:263
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 604-605]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
76. C
Search-engine friendly. Corporate blogs-are typically used to-draw attention to particular products and/or businesses. To attract readers to the blogs so that they learn about these products and businesses, the blogs must be search-engine friendly. Blog posts must contain key words and phrases that customers typically search for, and the links to these posts must appear early in search results. Rather than being updated once per month, effective corporate longs are typically updated at least once per week. To appeal to a broad audience, corporate blogs should avoid jargon and technical language. Instead, effective blog posts tend to be easy to read and understand. A corporate blog does not have to-be written exclusively by one author. Some of the most effective corporate blogs are written by multiple individuals with varying points of view and positions with their companies. Involving more than one author can prevent a blog from becoming bland and boring.
SOURCE: PR:281
SOURCE: Buildify. (2014, September 28). Positive qualities for a corporate blog. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.buildify.com/positive-qualities-for-a-corporate-blog/
77. B
#JilliansB&B. To be effective, business hashtags should be memorable, easy to spell, and relatively short. (The maximum length for a Twitter message, or tweet, is 140 characters). It is also wise to choose a tag that reflects the business's brand and products. Twitter hashtags are-used to catalog and connect tweets that focus on the same topic. In this case, tweets containing the tag #JilliansB&B would pertain to Jillian's new bed and breakfast establishment.
SOURCE: PR:300
SOURCE: Catone, J. (2009, September 4). How to: Use Twitter hashtags for business. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://mashable.com/2009/09/04/twitter-hashtags-business/
78. B
Noninteractive content. Noninteractive content is basically static. There are no audio files to listen to or videos to watch. Plain text email used in correspondence between friends, family members, and coworkers is a good example of noninteractive content. This type of email is static rather than nonstatic because it contains only fixed text rather than graphics, sound, or video. Marketers send personalized emails in an attempt to make customers feel special. Specific types of software programs are needed to on operate email.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Beers, B. What is computer-based, non-interactive multimedia? Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/acts_7663961_computerbased-noninteractive-multimedia.htm!
79. B
Quick-response codes. The evolution of the smartphone has provided businesses with another way to connect with their customers. Quick-response codes are similar to bar codes but look like a matrix of boxes or squares. Businesses often place quick-response codes in newspaper and magazine ads and on signs or other printed materials. Individuals use applications on their smartphones to scan the code. The code might contain a URL to the business's website or a coupon for discounted merchandise or services. Reverse-messaging features, receipt-verification applications, and cable-network tags are not mobile advertising strategies.
SOURCE: PR:276
SOURCE: Li, S. (2011, June 10). How to use quick response codes. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://articles.jatimes.com/201 1 /jun/10/business/la-fi-qr-scan-20110610
80. A
Detailed, accurate site map. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. Businesses use search-engine optimization strategies to obtain a good position in the search results. The key to search engine optimization is designing and submitting web pages so that they can be found easily by search engine spiders. A simple, yet effective, way to optimize a website's ranking on the search engines is to develop a detailed, accurate site map that helps the spiders to quickly and easily locate information throughout the website. Extensive use of JavaScript and widespread HTML code works against search-engine optimization because these computer languages create barriers that spiders have difficulty bypassing. The age of a website usually has very little bearing on its ranking on search engines.
SOURCE: PR:361
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 178-179]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
81. B
Unity. The basic principles of design are the guidelines for creating effective layouts for advertisements. Unity involves making sure that all ad components—the headline, graphics, copy, etc.—relate to one another effectively. Emphasis is the focal point of the advertisement. Balance is the design principle that focuses on the size, weight, and position of the advertising elements. Contrast is the design principle that uses elements of different sizes, shapes, textures, and tones.
SOURCE: PR:222
SOURCE: Bradley, S. (2010, January 18). Unity in design: Creating harmony between design elements. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.vanseodesign.com/web-design/design-unity/
82. A
Photographs. Illustrations are photographs, drawings, paintings, or graphics such as a chart, table, or graph. Photographs often are used to create a sense of realism in advertisements because photographs are pictures of actual people, things, and events. In some cases, a photograph showing people using a certain product in a specific way helps to sell the product because consumers can associate with the real situation. Diagrams, sketches, and trademarks are not types of illustrations that are used to create a sense of realism in advertisements.
SOURCE: PR:322
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 473-474). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. A
Replacing lights. Merchandise displays often include special lighting fixtures that are intended to focus attention on the display. One of the housekeeping duties needed for the upkeep of these displays involves regularly checking the lights and replacing those that have burned out or are not working correctly. Displays with burned-out lights often create an unfavorable opinion of the store and the merchandise in the minds of customers. Sweeping aisles, removing trash, and vacuuming carpet are housekeeping duties associated with the entire store rather than with a display.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 432-433). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hiill.
84. D
Indicate a benefit. After the graphic, the headline is the next element of an advertisement the audience scans. A well-written headline is short and memorable, and it encourages the audience to read the advertising copy. An effective headline also indicates how the product will benefit the reader. For example, a Tide laundry detergent advertisement contained a headline stating, "Just when you thought laundry couldn't get any more fun." The benefit of using Tide is having fun while doing laundry. The headline does not need to criticize the competition or offer a guarantee to be effective.
SOURCE: PR:330
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 167-168]. Upper Saddle River, Nd: Prentice Hall.
85. B
Keep it short. Because mobile advertisements are displayed on cell phones, it is important to keep the message short and direct. If the message is too long, the intended audience is likely to delete the ad without reading it. The use of symbols (e.g., an offer 4 u) in mobile ad copy depends on characteristics of the target audience. For example, tech-savvy 16- to 25-year-olds are more likely to understand the use of symbols than those who do not text or use technology on a regular basis. Coupons are a sales promotion technique.
SOURCE: PR:318
SOURCE: Gamehouse (n.d.). Write great copy to increase mobile advertising effectiveness. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://partners.gamehouse.com/write-great-copy-increase-mobile-advertising-effectiveness/
86. C
Prices and company name. Advertisers should check the prices listed and company name first. If the name is incorrect, customers will not be able to identify the business. Businesses do not want ads to contain incorrect prices, particularly if they are too low, because they may have to honor those prices. After checking the name and prices, they should review the overall layout including the illustrations and color, check the typefaces and sizes for readability, and make sure the signature plate and logo are correct.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Farese, L.S:, Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 481). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
87. D
Donating books to local elementary schools. Literacy initiatives focus on helping people learn to read. Donating books to schools, libraries, and hospital waiting rooms are ways to support literacy initiatives. Providing a college scholarship is a way to support educational endeavors. An event to raise money for cancer research and sponsoring a blood drive are health-related causes.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 361-363]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
88. C
Navigation. Viewers need to be able to move around a website easily. They like to know where they are on websites. To make this a reality, websites’ navigation needs to be carefully planned. To attract attention, banner ads should not be consistent, but should change. Hyperlinks enable viewers to jump from section to section, page to page, or site to site on a web page. They are written in code that is not seen by viewers. Click throughs are performed by viewers after a website is in place.
SOURCE: PR:328
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 193-195). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. D
14. When planning events, it is important to ensure that the venue has adequate staff on hand to serve guests. To determine the number of employees that the country club needs to work during the wedding reception, first divide the total number of guests by the number of guests per foodservice server (300/30 = 10). Then, determine the number of bartenders by dividing the total number of guests by the number of guests per bartender (300/75 = 4). Finally, add together the number of foodservice servers needed and the number of bartenders needed (10 + 4 = 14).
SOURCE: PR:360
SOURCE: Core Event Staff. (2014). Staffing ratios and guidelines. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from http://www.coreeventstaff.com/our-staff/staffing-ratios-guidelines
90. D
Placing tropical-themed tent cards on each table. Full-service restaurants often develop seasonal menus. A Caribbean summer menu might consist of fresh fruits, seasonal vegetables, and flavorful seafood and chicken entrees. Because the Caribbean Islands are a tropical location, the restaurant might place tropical-themed tent cards on the tables to promote the new menu items. Sending a newsletter to trade publications would not be a way to prepare the restaurant for the premier of a new summer menu. Employees might be required to wear tropical shirts and shorts rather than red sweaters. It would better follow the tropical theme if the restaurant were to hire a reggae band rather than a jazz musician.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: PSPrint. (2001-2013). Table tents can increase sales for restaurants. Retrieved November 4, 2014, from htip://Avww.psprint.com/resources/tabie-tent-restaurant-sales/
91. D
Using a large visual. The purpose of creating effective advertising layouts is to design an ad that attracts attention. An important part of creating effective adverse layouts often involves using a large visual because large visuals attract attention. A large visual might be a photograph, an illustration, or another type of image that is appropriate for the product and the target market. Selecting a slogan, writing a signature, and developing a message are activities that take place before the advertising layout is created.
SOURCE: PR:275
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 473-474). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. D
To determine their impact on sales. The marketing specialist needs to establish a baseline number on whatever s/he wants to measure. And then, s/he needs to determine increases and decreases in that baseline number when promotional activities appear. Ticket prices, target market, and show times would not be impacted by promotional activities.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 455-456]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
93. D
Outdoor advertising. Outdoor advertising includes billboards, painted bulletins, electric spectaculars, blimps, hot-air balloons, and skywriting. Hotels and motels often place advertising on billboards near airports to attract airline travelers to their facilities. Hotels and motels also place advertising on display panels in airports, and may even provide a direct phone for the convenience of airline passengers. This type of advertising is designed to attract the attention of travelers visiting a city who may not be familiar with the local hotels and motels. Open houses and window displays are more likely to attract local customers. Sweepstakes are designed to attract a wide range of customers, not specifically airline travelers.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 585-589]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
94. C
Be knowledgeable about the merchandise. In order to know what items would be similar to the item requested by the customer, the salesperson needs to be well informed about all the products s/he sells. The most appropriate substitute could be higher or lower priced if it meets the customer's needs. The item should be suggested for its own value, not referred to as a substitute. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111—Get Specific (Recommending Specific Product)
95. B
Is sure the customer wants nothing more. This can be determined by asking the customer whether anything more is needed. The check should not be presented too soon, or customers will feel they are being rushed, but neither should customers be kept waiting for the check.
SOURCE: SE:895
SOURCE: SE LAP 107—Wrap It Up (Closing Sales)
96. C
The beauty and restfulness of the resort setting. Sell the benefits associated with the wedding package rather than the resort's features. Potential guests want to know “what's in it for them.” The number of rooms, the variety of swimming pools, and the casino are all features of the resort.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 207]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
97. C
Business. Business travelers generally meet with associates or clients. Many times, the businessperson makes presentations or provides handouts in meetings. Advising the guest that there is a photocopy center on the hotel premises might save the guest time and money if copying services are needed; the guest doesn't have to find a copy center or pay for delivery service. Leisure guests are generally vacationing and do not usually require photocopy services. Incentive travelers are guests that have received a reward for some work-related performance. This is a vacation for this type of traveler who would not likely need copy center services. There is not a definition for a social guest or traveler in the hospitality industry.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 524]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hail. :
98. B
To make it more convenient for the caller to contact the person in the future. This helps to save the caller's time and makes calling more efficient. Also, if the caller loses her/his connection, it helps in calling back. Giving a caller a person's extension number will not affect the number of incoming calls. Callers do not hang up when they are given a person's extension number nor should they think that calling at any time is acceptable.
SOURCE: SE:477
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p. 306). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
It identifies the promotion the guest is redeeming. Entering a coupon code while processing a restaurant discount is important because it identifies the specific promotion that the guest is redeeming. This is an important statistic that your manager will want to keep track of. You may or may not be able to process the discount without a code. Not entering a coupon code may result in charging the guest too much, but not too little. Most of the time, coupons can be used only once, and guests will not expect them back.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2014). What are promotion codes? Retrieved November 4, 2014, fromhttp://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa545686(v=cs.70).aspx
100. D
Employees. Human resources are all of a business's employees who work to produce goods and services. Many businesses believe that employees are their most important resource, because without workers, the business could not function. Office supplies and equipment are examples of material resources. Sales revenue is a financial resource.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SMLAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1122
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Negligence. A business might be sued for negligence if it does not take reasonable precautions to protect workers from risks or health hazards on the job. The basis of negligence is that the problems could have been easily avoided if the business had made some minor adjustments. Consequently, businesses usually try to make the workplace as safe as possible in order to avoid being sued for negligence. Misrepresentation involves making unrealistic claims about products. Libel is making false statements that harm an individual's reputation. Incompetence involves not having the skills or abilities necessary to perform satisfactorily.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 143-144]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Environmental. Environmental regulations are intended to conserve natural resources by requiring businesses to control pollution and dispose of hazardous waste properly. These regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. Workplace regulations are intended to make the work environment safe for employees. Personnel regulations are intended to promote equal opportunity in the workplace. Geological is not a type of regulation.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 673-675]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. D
Piggyback franchise. Piggyback franchising is a form of ownership in which a retail franchise operates within the facilities of another store. The host is the retailer that allows the franchise to operate within its facilities. The host does not necessarily have to be a franchised retailer. A strategic alliance, sometimes called a joint venture, is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties. The relationship is usually short-term or for a single project or transaction. Master licensee refers to a person or firm who helps franchisors find franchisees in a particular region or territory.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. D
Are safe and clean. Hospitality products differ a great deal and include such items as a meal in a restaurant or a sleeping room at a lodging facility. The guests have a right to expect that the facility provides clean linens and disinfected bathrooms. Guests expect that the locks on the doors are adequate to keep them safe from intruders or that measures have been taken to keep guests from tripping over loose carpet. Guests have the right to expect that the food that they purchase is safe and free from bacteria. Since each individual has different standards, it is not realistic to expect hospitality businesses to meet everyone's standards. For example, a hotel restaurant cannot create every menu entree to make each guest happy. The restaurant must consider several factors including the target market and costs associated with the food. Amenities are the "extras" that a hospitality business provides—the extras that guests do not usually expect. If guests do not expect certain amenities, they do not have rights to amenities. Each country and/or local government has different regulations that hospitality businesses must follow.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Rajaram, A. (2014, July 15). 10 basic things a hotel must offer guests. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.cntraveler.com/stories/2014-07-15/10-basic-things-a-hotel-must-offerguests
5. C
Disintermediation. Traditionally, disintermediation has involved the elimination of intermediaries or middlemen like Kathy. This results in the transfer of products directly from producers (in this case, airlines) to the ultimate consumer. More broadly, though, disintermediation can include the displacement of traditional intermediaries with new, radically different types of intermediaries such as online travel agencies. The online travel agencies are successful because they can bring more value to consumers than many traditional brick-and-mortar travel agencies. A discrepancy of assortment is a difference between the product lines that a firm offers and the assortment of products that the consumer wants. Bulk-breaking involves dividing large quantities of products into smaller quantities as products move from the producer to middlemen to consumers. There is no indication that bulk-breaking is occurring. Exclusive distribution involves selling products through only one intermediary in a certain geographic area. Since more than one firm is selling airline tickets in the geographic area, exclusive distribution is not taking place.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 327]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
6. A
Horizontal. Horizontal conflict occurs between businesses at the same level in the distribution channel. When two franchisees are competing for the same market, horizontal conflict occurs over territory. Vertical conflict occurs between different levels of the same channel, such as between a franchisee and its franchisor. Differential and functional are not types of channel conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 426). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
7. A
Follow the written directions in the proper sequence. The first step in applying written directions to perform tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. If employees do not read the directions and apply them in the proper sequence, they may perform the tasks incorrectly. Therefore, reading the directions for understanding and meaning is an important step. The use of shortcuts to complete a task may or may not be included in the manual's written directions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 125, 134-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
8. B
Applauding. When the audience applauds or claps, it is showing that it supports what the speaker is saying. Applause encourages the speaker to continue expressing his/her thoughts. Heckling or making fun of someone is an action that indicates disapproval. When people ignore the speaker, they are not actively listening to the speaker and not indicating their support. If a person tolerates another individual's opinion, s/he does not necessarily agree with an opinion, but supports the individual's right to express that opinion.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. D
Give the caller the correct number, and transfer the call. When you need to transfer calls, it is good practice to explain the reason for the transfer to callers, give them the number to which they are being transferred, and then make the transfer. If the line is busy, or the transfer is not completed for some reason, callers will have the correct extension number when they want to call back. Asking callers to make another call or forwarding them to automated phone directories are not providing good customer service. Also, the caller does not always know the name of the person with whom s/he needs to speak, so forwarding the caller to an automated phone directory is not always possible if the company does have this telephone option. Taking notes is unnecessary since the caller's business will be handled by someone else.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Indiana University of Pennsylvania. (2007-2015). Telephone guidelines. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.iup.edu/page.aspx?id=23953
10. A
Building on someone else's comment. Jon is building on Marilee's comment by stating that his department has a similar problem. He adds to Marilee's statement by suggesting that the company form an internal committee to look into the problems. Jon is not summarizing what has been said, nor is he pointing out missing information. Ground rules are established before the meeting gets underway.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Lead!: Put In Your Two Cents (Participating in Group Discussions)
11. B
Cornell. The Cornell note-taking system uses two columns; on the right-hand side, students take notes during class (or while reading class materials). Afterwards, students review their notes and write significant words or phrases in the left-hand column. These key words help students to study. Mapping and charting are methods of note-taking, but they are not illustrated in Vendela's example. Key-word review note-taking is not a term used to describe a method of note-taking.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Alexandria Technical and Community College. (2015). Methods of note taking. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from https://www.alextech.edu/college-services/support-services/studyskills/lecture-note-taking/methods-of-note-taking
12. A
Consistency. Many businesses and industries develop documents using a specific style, which entails following certain writing standards. By using a specific style, all of a business's or an industry's documents are consistent throughout the company or field. Writing styles provide guidance to the writers in regard to the correct usage of mechanical elements (e.g., punctuation) but do not provide creativity or flexibility. Stylebooks cannot verify the accuracy of the document's contents.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Donovan, M. (2015, March 26). Style guides for good grammar and consistency. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.writingforward.com/grammar/good-grammar/style-guidesgood-grammar
13. B
Appeal to their needs. The purpose of writing persuasive messages is to convince customers to do something, such as buy a product. To encourage them to take the correct action, it is important to appeal to their needs and show them why it is a benefit to do what you want them to do. For example, if you want customers to buy a new product, explain how that product will benefit them, such as by saving money or speeding up production. Customers are more likely to respond favorably when they understand how their needs will be satisfied. It is not effective to use aggressive words or demand a customer's attention as these techniques often offend customers. Making a prediction is not as effective as stating a fact or providing logical evidence to support your message.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2007). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 333-334]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
14. A
Summarize benefits. Slow/Methodical customers need to have the salesperson draw out the needed information, to be treated patiently, and to have the benefits of the good/service summarized in order to guide them to a close. The other three approaches are aimed at the domineering/superior type, who need to do most of the talking, be complimented and praised, and allowed to sell themselves on the good/service.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
15. A
It is not usually stated in words. Brand promise is communicated through many different touch points (not just advertising) and is not usually stated in words. It is not the same thing as brand logo—a logo is an identifying mark that represents the brand. Brand promise should increase, not decrease, brand awareness.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: CR LAP 6—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
16. C
Experience. Our economy has shifted from a service economy to an experience economy. In other words, customers want to have a good experience every time they deal with a business. Although some businesses use entertaining marketing communications, it is not an entertainment economy. Manufacturing and agricultural are two words that describe past phases of our economy.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 16—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
17. B
Direct. The package is offered only by the amusement park. Indirect distribution refers to goods/services offered through an intermediary, such as a tour wholesaler. The wholesaler puts together a package and sells/distributes to other channels, such as travel agencies. Intensive distribution is a strategy that involves using as many outlets as possible to sell products.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Time, F. (2015). What is a direct channel of distribution? Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/direct-channel-distribution-42213.html
18. A
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Credit creates possession utility by allowing the consumer to take possession of the product before payment is complete. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. Place utility is the usefulness that results from offering products at a place that is convenient for the customer. Exchange is a form of transfer, not a type of utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. B
Turns raw goods into useful products. The manufacturer changes the shapes or forms of raw goods so that they will be useful to consumers. Manufacturers buy raw goods from their producers and sell finished products.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70—Business Connections (Business and Society)
20. D
Private enterprise. This is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production. Socialism is characterized by government ownership of major industries, private ownership of some smaller businesses, limited competition, and an emphasis on citizen welfare, rather than on profit-making. Communism is characterized by government ownership and control of all businesses and economic activities, with no freedom of choice for individuals. Sole proprietorship, in which one person owns and manages the business, is a type of business ownership found in a private enterprise economy.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
21. B
Efficiency. When employees are working faster or better, they are increasing their efficiency. They may increase their value to the firm in the process—and perhaps their wages and benefits, too. But their efficiency is directly tied to how fast and how well they do their work.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
22. A
Borrowing. The government sells bonds to other countries and to the private sector to raise the money not provided by taxation. Donations are not a source of income of the federal government. Price supports are a type of government regulation where the price of a good is artificially raised to ensure profits for producers. Subsidies are another type of government regulation where the government grants money to producers or gives them a tax break.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. D
Sympathetic strike. A sympathetic strike is a union pressure strategy in which employees of one local union walk off the job to support another union that is on strike. A wildcat strike occurs when local union employees refuse to work but do not have the consent of the national union. A lockout occurs when a company closes the business temporarily, and the employees are not allowed to work. A boycott is a union pressure strategy in which union members refuse to buy a company's products and encourage others to do the same.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5—Get United (Organized Labor)
24. C
Inflation. Inflation is a rise in the overall price level of products over an extended period of time. It results from a strong, growing economy. Deflation is the lowering of prices and is a worse economic indicator than inflation. Also, in a strong economy, wages rise at the same rate as prices. In a strong, growing economy, supply and demand both increase.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: Roos, D. (n.d.). Interest rates and inflation. Retrieved September 22, 2015 from http://money.howstuffworks.com/interest-rate4.htm
25. C
Experiences political instability. Currency exchange rates are constantly fluctuating, and are affected by many factors. When a nation experiences political instability, the value of its currency tends to decrease because the nation's future is uncertain. A nation's currency value tends to increase when its exports exceed its imports, when it carries a low level of debt, and when it limits the amount of money it prints and circulates.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: Van Bergen, J. (2010, July 23). 6 factors that influence exchange rates. Retrieved September 22, 2015, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/04/050704.asp#axzz1mYSVWnAL
26. B
Interests. Interests are the things that a person is curious about, concerned for, or involved with. When assessing their personal strengths and weaknesses, people often identify their interests because interests are strong points that might lead to appropriate occupations. For example, an individual works on the school newspaper, likes to create posters for upcoming events, and belongs to the English club. These interests are this person's strengths. After assessing personal strengths and weaknesses, individuals might select suitable careers. Assessing personal strengths and weaknesses does not involve identifying benefits or risks.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. D
Making eye contact. Eye contact is looking others directly in the eye. It establishes a connection with others and indicates that you are listening to and interested in what they are saying. Crossing your arms is a form of nonverbal communication that often indicates that you are feeling defensive or bored. Irrelevant questions are questions that are not related to the topic at hand. When you ask relevant questions, you are indicating that you are listening to the speaker and are interested in what s/he is saying. Changing the subject would indicate that you are uncomfortable with or not interested in what the speaker is saying.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Economy, P. (2015, September 18). 18 ways to send the right message with body language. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.inc.com/peter-economy/18-ways-to-make-yourbody-talk-the-language-of-success.html
28. B
Sending a letter of application. Initiative is the willingness to act without being told to do so. Since applicants for entry-level positions do not often write letters of application, sending one requires the applicant to display initiative. Completing application blanks, attending interviews, and having physical examinations do not require initiative since they are often arranged by employers.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
29. D
Negative. Someone with a negative attitude has a pessimistic view of every aspect of life. A positive attitude is indicated by an optimistic outlook on life. An indifferent person is neither negative nor positive but rather unconcerned. A realistic person attempts to view situations as they actually are rather than assuming the worst.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
30. D
They fail to draw a line between being empathetic and losing their own identities. Empathetic people experience stress, burn out, and codependent relationships when they allow someone else's negative moods and feelings to affect them too much. Empathetic people do not allow stereotypes, prejudices, and assumptions to take over. While not paying bills or neglecting to fulfill responsibilities may cause stress, they do not necessarily result in burn out or codependent relationships.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
31. A
Persuade. A manager who has the reputation of being knowledgeable and experienced usually has credibility with employees. Credibility is believability. Managers who are believable usually have the ability to persuade others because others trust them. Also, employees are more likely to believe a manager who has the appropriate background and ability. On the other hand, managers who have a reputation of being unethical or poorly informed often have difficulty persuading employees because the managers lack credibility. Effective managers try to work with employees rather than dominate them. Most managers, regardless of experience, usually have the authority to terminate employees for legitimate reasons. Being knowledgeable and experienced does not necessarily mean that a manager has the ability to analyze employees.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: EI LAP 121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
32. C
BATNA. Rob is developing his Best Alternative to a Negotiated Agreement, also known as his BATNA. If this job interview doesn't result in an offer, Rob is prepared with another option. Rob's BATNA also gives him leverage if he needs to negotiate salary or benefits. He won't feel pressured to take whatever the employer offers him because he knows he has another alternative. Rob is not developing his role— knowing your role is primarily useful in group negotiations, where different group members may take on different roles (such as "good cop" or "bad cop"). The walk-away point is the point at which it is no longer feasible or profitable to do business with the other party. This is also useful for Rob to determine before his interview, but it's not what he's doing in this example. Style refers to the way a person negotiates. Although everyone has a negotiating style, this is not what Rob is determining.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
33. B
Persuasive. By attempting to talk his boss into the change he wants to make, Nate is being persuasive. Change leaders are independent and love to learn new things, but these are not the characteristics Nate is displaying in this situation. Change leaders don't necessarily avoid conflict.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
34. A
Getting acquainted with coworkers helps you to treat them fairly. To know what would be fair to coworkers, you first need to become acquainted with them. This doesn't mean that you should ask them personal questions but general questions that will provide a basis for understanding. It is not necessary to establish personal friendships with coworkers, but you should speak to them every day.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treating Others Fairly at Work)
35. B
Elissa starts a company when she develops a new app. Elissa is an entrepreneur because she identifies an opportunity to create new value, develops and offers a unique product, assumes the risks of starting and building a business, focuses on the improvement and growth of that business, and receives personal and financial rewards for her efforts. Working for someone else's accounting firm, investing money, and asking for a raise are not examples of entrepreneurship.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2015). Entrepreneurship. Retrieved September 17, 2015, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=entrepreneurship
36. C
Interest rate. To figure out what his $100 will be worth in a year, Jorge needs to know the bank's interest rate. This will tell him the future value of his money if he invests with the bank. Jorge already knows the present value—it's the $100 that he currently has. The time value of money is a principle that states that a dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow. The investment rate is not a term commonly used when determining future value.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: FinanceProfessor.com. (n.d.). Time value of money overview. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://financeprofessor.com/notes-for-classes/time-value-of-money-overview/
37. C
Credit. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Money orders are purchased at banks, post offices, or stores to be used as checks. Certificates of deposit are savings certificates. Interest is the fee lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 685-686). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. A
Rent, entertainment, and insurance. Individuals develop personal budgets to help them manage their money. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Expenses are money that a person spends and may include rent, entertainment, insurance, food, and utilities. Salaries (wages) and dividends are sources of income.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 89]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. D
Purchase. When individuals make investments, they receive purchase documents that include information about the cost of the investment and any commissions or fees that were paid. Individuals should keep these documents in their records to verify ownership and to be able to determine if it was a good investment over a period of time. For example, the purchase record would indicate the cost (perhaps it was $25 a share), the total amount purchased (100 shares for a total of $2,500), and a fee of $30. By comparing the purchase records to actual value in five years, an individual will be able to decide if the investment was worthwhile. Perhaps the cost per share is $40 a share in five years. An individual might consider this to be a good return on the investment. Deposit and credit records usually do not contain information about investments. Logistics refer to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Consumer Reports Money Advisor. (2010, March). Conquer the paper piles. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/2010/03/conquer-the-paperpiles/index.htm
40. D
Savings account. If Sheila doesn't like to take risks, wants to access all of her money at all times, and doesn't mind earning very little interest, she should consider a savings account. You're always able to access your money, but you receive a low return. A stock is much riskier than a savings account—you actually own part of the company, so you have the rights and responsibilities that go along with ownership. This means you can make a big profit, but you can also lose a large amount of money if the stock decreases in value or if the company goes out of business. While a certificate of deposit (CD) doesn't have a high risk, you aren't able to access your money at all for a set period of time. A money market account (MMA) is low risk, but you are only able to access some of your money each month, and you usually have to keep a certain amount of money in your account.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
41. B
To avoid penalties. There are laws and regulations governing the finance process that businesses should understand in order to operate legally. These laws and regulations involve credit, reporting and paying taxes, issuing stock, etc. By understanding the legal considerations, businesses can avoid violating the law, which also enables them to avoid incurring penalties. Some penalties are significant and can include large fines, restrictions on future operations, or even force the company out of business. Businesses do not need to understand the legal considerations for finance to manage budgets, reduce expenses, or compensate employees.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2015). What is banking and finance law? Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://hirealawyer.findlaw.com/choosing-the-right-lawyer/banking-and-finance-law.html
42. D
Introduce them to other employees. By giving new employees a tour of the facility and introducing them to the people with whom they will work, the business is helping new hires become familiar with their workplace and feel more comfortable in their new environment. New employees have not performed work, so businesses wouldn't provide them with copies of their performance reviews. Although it is important to communicate company rules and expectations to new employees, emphasizing disciplinary actions may be too harsh on the first day of work. Businesses usually give complex projects to employees after they have had sufficient training and experience.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (n.d.). New employee orientation. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://humanresources.about.com/od/glossaryn/g/orientation.htm
43. A
Identify an emerging trend. Research often provides marketers with information about the direction in which the people are moving, or trends. Because more young adults expressed an interest in bus tours over time, the tour operator identified an emerging trend. The trend provided a market opportunity for the tour operator—tour packages that appeal to younger adults. By acting on the market opportunity, the tour operator may increase market share by offering tour products to a new market. The research did not help the tour operator resolve a conflict of interest or forecast long-term sales.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Entrepreneurship.org. (2015). Understanding market research. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneurship.org/resource-center/understanding-market-research.aspx
44. C
Sequential patterns. When mining data to anticipate behavior patterns and trends, the restaurant should check for sequential patterns in the data. When stored data are used to locate data in predetermined groups, then the relationship of classes is sought. Clusters of relationships are found when items are grouped according to logical relationships or customer preferences. Data can also be mined to identify associations among data.
SOURCE: IM:424
SOURCE: Frand, J. (n.d.). Data mining: What is data mining? Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.anderson.ucla.edu/faculty/jason.frand/teacher/technologies/palace/datamining.ht m
45. C
Sales history. By reviewing previous years' sales reports, a resort can detect patterns in the sales, which are tied to the resort's occupancy rates. If a pattern emerges, such as an increase in sales between May and July over several years, the resort can determine its busiest time of the year—its peak season. Determining the peak season helps the resort plan (e.g., staffing) the upcoming year. The current occupancy rate will not help the resort determine its peak season unless it is compared to previous sales in the same time frame. Staff reviews are employee performance evaluations. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. Staff reviews and standards are not reliable sources of information that resorts use to determine the resort's peak season.
SOURCE: IM:426
SOURCE: McCahon, C. (2011, November 4). Understanding sales trends. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from https://www.score.org/blog/2011/cynthia-mccahon/understanding-sales-trends
46. D
Observation. When you observe customers in action while they're in the hotel restaurant, you can obtain a more accurate picture of their buying or usage patterns/habits. For example, you could watch to see what foods remain uneaten on plates. Researchers have discovered that responses customers give in focus groups, personal interviews, and surveys don't always match their buying or usage habits/patterns.
SOURCE: IM:349
SOURCE: AllBusiness. (1999-2015). The five basic methods of market research. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.allbusiness.com/the-five-basic-methods-of-market-research-12871.html
47. A
To simplify complex information. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations that often include slides, video, graphics, sound, color, etc. The use of this type of software often helps business managers to present complex information in a simplified manner by displaying it in a visual format. For example, statistics can be presented in the form of a colorful pie chart, or a complicated production process can be shown on film. Used in conjunction with a report, the visual presentation helps readers to understand the information because they are able to see it. Spreadsheet software is used to analyze financial data. Word processing software is used to record minutes of meetings. Graphics and design software are used to design marketing materials.
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 215-216). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. C
Service. Walt Disney theme parks provide a product that is intangible and involves performing acts that satisfy customers' needs or wants. The park provides fun, amusement, and entertainment, which are not concrete or physical in nature. Service marketing has a high degree of perishability since it cannot be stored or warehoused for future use. The person is not promoting or marketing a cause, a lifestyle, or an intermediary.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Greechie, S. (2015). Is service marketing different from product marketing? Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/service-marketing-different-productmarketing-3309.html
49. D
Need. Businesses cannot create a need or want where none exists. This is why it's so crucial to research a target market thoroughly before starting a business. Businesses can create goods, services, and buildings.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
50. B
Guest history. A guest-history record is a file of guest information used as a marketing information base. It may include such data as name, address, room preference, date of stay(s), and method of payment. A registration record is a collection of guest information obtained at the time of preregistration or check-in. A room-status record tells the condition of each room, i.e., occupied, reserved, to be cleaned, etc. A vendor file would contain information about vendors.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Kwok, L. (2011, September 30). Does guest history interfere with guest privacy? Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://hospitality.blognotions.com/2011/09/30/does-guest-historyinterfere-with-guest-privacy/
51. A
A technical-trends report that was written on February 5, 2015. An important factor to consider when evaluating information is its timeliness. If an article or report was published a long time ago, the information may not be relevant or accurate anymore, particularly if the topic involves technology. Because the technical-trends report was written recently, the information is likely to be up to date. Due to technology, the world is constantly experiencing medical breakthroughs and changes; therefore, a journal article that was published a decade (10 years) ago is less likely to contain up-to-date information. Stock values change rapidly, so a stock table that appeared in a newspaper on January 14, 2010 would not contain the most current information about stock values. Because the world's history has dramatically changed since 2000, the history textbook is outdated.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Southern Illinois University: School of Law Library. (n.d.). Evaluating websites and other information resources. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.law.siu.edu/lawlib/guides/eval.htm
52. D
Saves time and money. For a business to run efficiently, information must be organized so it can be found quickly whenever it is needed. When information is found quickly, employees are not only saving time, but the employees are saving money (payroll expenses) because they can move onto their next tasks more efficiently. Information overload occurs when information comes too fast to process at one time. Effectively managing information helps reduce information overload. Effective information management practices can help the company's employees to better serve the company's customers, which may increase customer satisfaction levels; however, effective information management cannot always eliminate customer dissatisfaction. Compliance with the law is necessary, regardless of how well the company manages its business information.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
53. A
Telecommuting. When Phil works from home or any remote location, he is telecommuting. Technology makes this possible. Information gathering refers to finding data for decision making or communication. Networking refers to connecting a group of computers to one main server. Collaborating means working together in cooperation with others.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
54. C
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a particular program at one time has multi-user capabilities. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Beal, V. (n.d.). Operating system. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
55. B
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information in order to send certain messages to specific customers. Spreadsheet and word-processing software do not perform the functions required by the retailer. Systems tools are used to maintain the computer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 658). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. D
Home page. The design and content of the home page is extremely important because many visitors do not go beyond that page. Therefore, it is important to create a home page that provides an overview of the website and links to other pages on the site. If the goal is to have visitors follow links to access additional information or make a purchase, the home page must generate interest and encourage visitors to continue. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. A domain name is a business's web address. A shopping cart is a computer program designed to act as an online catalog and order-processing center.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Patel, N. (2015, April 2). 3 ways to instantly improve your website home page. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/neilpatel/2015/04/02/3-ways-to-instantlyimprove-your-website-home-page/
57. B
Online booking. Many hospitality and tourism businesses offer websites that enable customers to conveniently book their reservations online. This gives customers 24-hour access to reservation systems when it's convenient for them to quickly make a reservation. Customer reservation systems are used by travel agents. Customer relationship management software is databases of customer information. Websites by themselves would not expedite the reservation process for customers.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Hallisoft. (1999-2015). RezEasy single—Hotel booking engine. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from https://hallisoft.com/RezEasy/hotel-booking-engine.html
58. D
Inventory. All the stock that a business has on hand is called inventory. Businesses keep records of their inventory to determine which items are moving quickly, which items are moving slowly, and when it is time to order additional items. Credit, accounts payable, and sales expense reports do not provide a company with information about the movement of its products.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 565-566, 569). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. C
Report or correct the hazard. If the hazard is something the employee can fix at no danger to him/herself or others, the employee should do so. Such hazards might include water on the floor that can easily be wiped up, a wrinkle in a floor mat that can be straightened, or a rough edge on a counter that can temporarily be covered with tape. If the hazard is something that requires expert repair, such as malfunctioning equipment or electrical fixtures, the employee should report the hazard to a supervisor. Avoiding the hazard or making a note of it is not helpful. Determining the cause of the hazard is not necessary and not usually the employee's responsibility.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
60. A
Translating it into a realistic budget. Determining project costs involves taking the information gained from assessing needed resources and translating it into a realistic budget, with the client's input. It shouldn't be necessary to ask the client to double the project's funding at this point in the planning process. Cost information shouldn't be necessary for creating a project schedule. The project purpose shouldn't be dependent on costs; rather, costs and budget should fit with project purpose.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
61. D
Decentralized. Decentralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are distributed among many individuals and geographical districts. Decentralization breaks down buying responsibilities and delegates buying authority to district managers who are more familiar with local stores. Centralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Departmentalized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing which combines elements of centralized and decentralized purchasing structures. Concentrated buying is a tactic of purchasing from only a few suppliers in order to gain more favorable prices.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
62. A
It creates goods or services for the business to sell. Without products to sell, businesses cannot continue to exist. Production is the process or activity of producing goods or services wanted by consumers. Production combines inputs to produce outputs. In other words, production combines the material and human resources obtained by the business in order to make products. Finance is not a function of production.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
63. B
Identify cause and effect. A fishbone diagram, also called a cause-and-effect diagram or an Ishikawa diagram, is a quality-control tool used to identify cause and effect. This can help managers to recognize and solve problems related to quality. A fishbone diagram is not used to design products, evaluate business processes, or determine a product's quality.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
64. A
To monitor financial status. Businesses maintain accurate accounting records in order to keep track of how they are doing financially. The accounting records provide businesses with such important information as the amount of operating expenses, what their sales revenues are, and whether the businesses are earning profits. Businesses do not maintain accounting records in order to prepare purchase orders, review employee performance, or develop inventory control.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: OP LAP 9—Watch Your (Over)Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
65. D
Monitor and control expenses. An invoice (bill) documents how much a customer or client owes for the goods or services a business provides. To operate, a business orders office supplies, outsources services (e.g., legal advice), leases equipment, etc. Its vendors send the business bills (invoices) that state how much the business owes. The business monitors and tracks the invoices to make sure it is billed correctly. If the business finds a discrepancy (e.g., incorrect tax amount) on a bill, the business will likely contact the vendor to make necessary adjustments. Tracking invoices is one way the business controls its expenses. Accounts receivable are the monies coming into the business. Businesses do not track invoices to evaluate the vendors' performance levels.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 424-425]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
66. A
Maintenance. The main purpose of business maintenance is to keep the business operation running smoothly and efficiently in order for the business to achieve its objectives and earn a profit. Maintenance involves keeping all aspects of the business in good operating condition and making any needed repairs in a timely manner. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company in return for installment payments. Development is the process of building and expanding the business. Promotion is a marketing function which communicates information about goods, services, images, or ideas to consumers or clients.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Cherry logistics. (2015). Applying an effective building maintenance checklist. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.cherrylogistics.com/applying-an-effective-buildingmaintenance-checklist/
67. C
Electronic key cards. These offer excellent security for hotel guests as they do not contain a hotel room number, so that if one is lost or stolen it cannot be easily traced. Metal detectors are used in airports to check passengers entering boarding areas. Retailers use radio frequency identification tags, which are attached to expensive merchandise, to reduce the risk of shoplifting. A property management system is used to store information about reservations, room availability, and room rates.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: McGoey, C. (1996-2015). Hotel security as a guest amenity. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.crimedoctor.com/hotel-security-1.htm
68. D
Praise. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive rewards such as praise, raises, and promotions. A response to orderly behavior that is critical or indifferent may damage employee morale. Favoritism should be avoided since it gives an employee an unfair advantage over other employees.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 560-564]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
69. B
Supply stays the same. No matter what we do, we cannot expand the day beyond 24 hours. Since the supply of time is fixed, we have to use it efficiently.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
70. B
Determining where to store goods between production and consumption. Warehouse employees ensure that goods are effectively stored until they are purchased. They determine where the goods should be stored, how to process orders, and how to fulfill customer-service needs. Retailers develop merchandise displays, public relations professionals communicate with the media to create a positive company image, and salespeople and customer-service representatives assist customers with setting up accounts.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
71. B
Deregulating and reducing taxes. One way governments can support start-up businesses is to make it easier to conduct business by having fewer rules that restrict trade with other companies or countries. Another way governments can support entrepreneurship is by reducing tax obligations for small-business start-ups. Entrepreneurs can use the tax savings to build the business. Ethical standards refer to the unwritten rules that govern each individual's behavior. Exhibiting ethical behavior might enhance one's chances for success in business but does not necessarily encourage entrepreneurial development. Increased interest rates on loans indicate that the business owner is paying more money to start the company. Some entrepreneurs might not feel that they can afford the loan amount and decide not to start the business. Therefore, the higher interest rates do not encourage entrepreneurial growth. Governments that pass laws with strict trade guidelines reduce the ability for free trade, thereby discouraging entrepreneurship.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
72. D
Identify the purpose of the letter and the job for which you are applying. The introductory paragraph should provide the background information that the reader needs to understand why the letter has been written. It should set the stage for the paragraphs that follow. The second and succeeding paragraphs should call attention to your qualifications and refer to information provided in your résumé. The last paragraph should express enthusiasm for the job and the company. Your references are cited in the résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 901-902). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. D
Having paid work experience. Many people gain valuable work-related experience by being volunteers for nonprofit organizations, such as hospitals, nursing homes, schools, and community-service organizations. Volunteering is one way that individuals can participate in activities that are similar to having paid work experience because many people entering the labor market for the first time do not have a lot of paid work experience. Businesses often consider any volunteer work that the applicants may have done as an equivalent to paid work experience. Being a volunteer is not a way for an individual to participate in activities that are similar to joining a trade association, monitoring a training program, or attending an employment seminar.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Greene, A. (2014, November 24). 5 ways volunteering can help you find a job and advance your career. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://idealistcareers.org/5-ways-volunteeringcan-help-job-career/
74. D
Serving on committees outside your job description. By volunteering to serve on committees not directly related to your job description, you have the opportunity to keep your name in the minds of company leaders. That will help them to think of you when opportunities arise. You should thank people for compliments that you receive on your work rather than acting as if the work were no big deal. Etiquette is important for business lunches. You should not discuss business until after people at the table have placed their orders. Bragging to coworkers about your accomplishments can make them resent you. Instead, send regular memos to your bosses to apprise them of the work you've accomplished.
SOURCE: PD:274
SOURCE: Robert Half International. (2008, January 28). 9 little-known ways to advance your career. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.careerbuilder.ca/blog/2008/01/28/cb-nine-littleknown-ways-to-advance-your-career/
75. B
Motel. Hospitality and tourism involves activities such as welcoming special guests and providing sleeping accommodations for people who are away from home. A motel provides this service. An airline provides a service that transports travelers to their desired destinations. A tour wholesaler plans and prepares packages for travelers; the packages include a combination of accommodations, transportation, entertainment, and meals. A restaurant sells food and beverages to travelers.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Wetfeet. (2012, December 3). Industry overview: Hospitality and tourism. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from https://www.wetfeet.com/articles/industry-overview-hospitality-and-tourism
76. D
One night at an all-inclusive resort. Price in the hospitality industry is the amount that guests pay for the primary services provided by a property. In most situations, the price is the amount guests pay for one night's lodging. However, in the case of an all-inclusive resort, price is the amount a guest pays for one night's lodging which also includes a variety of extras such as meals and beverages. An all-inclusive price is often appealing to guests because they think they are getting a bargain. Price in the hospitality industry usually does not include dinner in the main dining room, transportation, or sightseeing trips. These services are often included in a total vacation package that is often provided by the travel and tourism industry.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 183-184]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
77. A
Perishability. Many food items are perishable and must be ordered in smaller quantities and on a more frequent basis. For example, fresh produce and bakery goods spoil more quickly than other types of food items, such as canned and frozen goods. Restaurants consider the perishability of food items when deciding when to buy. As a result, restaurants usually buy perishable items several times a week to make sure the quality is acceptable. Dependability is a factor that restaurants consider when selecting a vendor. Restaurants do not consider nutrition and sanitation when deciding when to buy food items.
SOURCE: PM:262
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 137]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
78. C
Cookies and milk. Supporting products are the extra goods and services that accompany the core product, the room at the inn, to add value to that core product. In this case, the evening snack of cookies and milk added value to the core purchase. Check-cashing services, on-property parking garages, and restaurant recommendations are examples of facilitating products. They aid with the use of the core product.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Hotel Mule. (2009, June 21). Managing products and services. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.hotelmule.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=788
79. D
Product extension. Product extension happens whenever you add to the value of the original package. For example, a traveler who attends a conference may stay for a tour of the city. It isn't a problem for the travel agency; it's part of the job and shouldn't require additional hours. Leisure travelers are as likely to buy product extensions as are business clients.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2015). Product extension. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/product-extension.html
80. D
Blind testing. To evaluate multiple vendors' canned goods, restaurants can obtain input from crossfunctional teams of employees as well as guests. To avoid receiving biased input, use of blind testing is recommended. With this technique, the food items are removed from their cans so that evaluators do not know for which brand they are providing feedback. Can-cutting is an evaluation procedure in which canned goods are opened and their contents compared. This does not ensure unbiased feedback, however. Random access and sampling are research terms and do not apply to product evaluation.
SOURCE: PM:239
SOURCE: Hayes, D.K. & Ninemeier, J.D. (2010). Purchasing: A guide for hospitality professionals (pp. 45-46). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
81. A
A tour wholesaler sends an e-newsletter to clients every month to let them know about new tour products and industry trends. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes and businesses in the form of sales letters, catalogs, postcards, faxes, folders, and emails. A tour wholesale company that sends a newsletter via email is engaging in direct-marketing activities. Arranging tours, changing tour offerings, updating marketing plans, and placing billboards on a well-traveled highway are not direct-marketing tactics.
SOURCE: PR:301
SOURCE: Hambelton, K. (2012, March 30). Direct marketing 101: Steps for more effective marketing campaigns. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://customerthink.com/direct_marketing_101_steps_for_more_effective_marketing_campa igns/
82. D
Featuring products on billboards in online games. Advergaming occurs when an online video game promotes a product, brand, or company by incorporating it into the game. There are a variety of ways in which businesses are using advergaming. One such way is by featuring products on billboards that show up during the game. Another popular advergaming technique is to feature a company's mascot or symbol in a game. Showing a product being used in a movie scene is an example of product placement. Running advertisements during a national sports game is an expensive use of advertising. Competitors would not grant permission to use pop-up ads on their websites.
SOURCE: PR:280
SOURCE: Obringer, L.A. (1998-2015). How advergaming works. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/advergaming.htm
83. B
Real dialogue with individual customers. This is the most important benefit as marketers have a method of interaction and can further develop customer relationships. There are no postage charges involved with email. Email enables a business to individualize and personalize all messages. Finally, it is very often difficult to find appropriate email lists.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Gao, K. (n.d.). The top 10 benefits of e-mail marketing. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://emailmarketing.comm100.com/email-marketing-ebook/email-marketing-benefits.aspx
84. B
Geolocation. This type of software enables a business to track its opt-in customers' physical location via their computers or networking devices (e.g., smartphone). As illustrated in the question stem, a business can use the geolocation software to send targeted promotional content to their customers in real time. Just-in-time is an inventory control method that involves ordering goods just in time for them to be used or sold. Webcast technology involves broadcasting video content via the Internet. Locospace is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PR:276
SOURCE: Demers, J. (2013, October 2). The key ingredients to a winning mobile content-marketing strategy. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/228601
85. D
Benefits. Advertisers often use before and after photos to illustrate the benefits (advantages) of using a product or obtaining a service. In the situation presented, the ad suggests that a stay at the spa can help you relax and feel rested. Features are a product's characteristics (e.g., size, weight, color, etc.). Spa services are intangible. Quality is the product's level of excellence, which may be subjective in the eyes of the consumer.
SOURCE: PR:322
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 410]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. B
Kerning and tracking. Kerning is the space between individual letters, and tracking is the space between words or groups of letters. To make her advertisement more visually appealing, Maeve may adjust the kerning and tracking of the text. Leading is the space between lines of text, while measure is the length of lines of text. Adjusting the leading and/or measure of the text can change its appearance as well, but only kerning and tracking can adjust the space between individual letters and words.
SOURCE: PR:295
SOURCE: Kyrnin, J. (n.d.). What is typography? Typography basics. Retrieved February 24, 2015, from http://webdesign.about.com/od/fonts/qt/typography-basics.htm
87. D
Word-of-mouth (WOM) strategy. WOM strategies generate and spread genuine ideas, opinions, recommendations, and referrals between people. WOM strategies can be delivered online, offline, or a combination of the two. Other examples of WOM strategies are podcasts, social media comments, viral marketing, buzz marketing, etc. These comments are viewed as credible because they did not come from company representatives. Out-of-home advertising includes billboards, transit ads, street furniture, etc. Community involvement is publicity showing that a company is interested in supporting its community. A press release is a news story about a product, person, or business that is submitted to the press.
SOURCE: PR:319
SOURCE: Kulkarni, K. (2012, December 29). 8 types of word of mouth marketing. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://www.weblaa.com/community/8-types-word-mouth-marketing
88. A
Three lines under the word or letter. A circle around a word or letter with sp circled in the margin indicates that an abbreviation should not be used. A bracket beside a word or letter indicates that it should be moved left or right. A slash through a capitalized letter indicates that the letter should be lower case.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Boston College. (2011, August 18). Proofreading marks. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.bc.edu/offices/omc/resources/proofmarks.html
89. B
Increase their public presence. Hospitality organizations typically participate in a number of community activities such as making donations to local charities, supporting community interests, and participating in chamber of commerce activities. By doing so, they raise the community's awareness of them. By increasing their public presence, these hospitality organizations hope to enhance their image and generate more business. Participating in community activities does not necessarily increase a hospitality organization's tax abatements, decrease expenses, or decrease employee discounts.
SOURCE: PR:315
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 657]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. C
Template. A template is a blank form or place in which key elements (e.g., menu, masthead, logo, signature) are prepositioned on the page. By using a template, the key elements appear in the same position on each of the website's pages to provide a consistent, uniform appearance. Keeping the key elements in a consistent position makes it easier for computer users to locate the information they want to view. Text boxes, bookmarking applications, and sticky content sections do not ensure that all key elements of the website will appear in the same location on each of the website's pages.
SOURCE: PR:328
SOURCE: McConnell, C. (2010, August 2). A 6-step general process for producing a website. Retrieved September 23, 2015, from http://sixrevisions.com/web-development/a-6-step-generalprocess-for-producing-a-website/
91. A
Behavioral. Many businesses and organizations use online advertisements to attract Internet users to their websites. Behavioral advertising is based on an Internet user's past activities on the web, including websites that s/he visited and search terms that s/he used to reach these websites. Even though Kimberly was not researching Cincinnati tourist activities and hotels on Wednesday, the behavioral advertising system recognized that she spent a good deal of time checking out Cincinnati websites just a few days before. As a result, a CincinnatiUSA.com ad appeared on a website that had nothing to do with Cincinnati, tourist activities, or hotels—just in case she was still interested in Cincinnati-related information. Contextual advertising is advertising that is displayed based on the website being viewed at the time. So, contextual advertising on a website about the French Revolution is much more likely to promote History.com than CincinnatiUSA.com. Word-of-mouth advertising is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Sponsorship advertising involves marketers who pay to have their name associated with a special event or program.
SOURCE: PR:333
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 165-167]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
92. B
Shadow box. Shadow box displays are often built into a wall, and they are usually used to display expensive items. Island, point-of-purchase, and counter displays allow customers to touch the merchandise.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Swanson, K., & Everett, J. (2015). Promotion in the merchandising environment (3rd ed.). [p. 371]. New York: Fairchild Books.
93. D
Depends on circumstances. The type of merchandise, the season of the year, and the location of the display are all factors. For example, interior displays are changed as merchandise sells. The frequency with which window displays are changed may vary from twice weekly to every other week. Supermarkets frequently change displays weekly to tie in with advertised specials. Some department stores change major displays about every two weeks. Displays should be maintained and changed at appropriate intervals, not just as time permits.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Porter, J. (2012, June 25). 7 tips to create winning window displays. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/223677
94. C
Processing. A number of different measurements can be used to track promotional activities such as advertising. For example, processing measures can be used to track how customers respond to the advertising. Exposure measures are used to track how many potential customers have been exposed to advertisements. Market-share measures help marketers determine if they have achieved the sales that they wanted. Communication effects measures can be used to track if customers are reacting to advertising in the way that advertisers had hoped.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Nichols, W. (2013, March). Advertising analytics 2.0. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://hbr.org/2013/03/advertising-analytics-20
95. C
Direct marketing and personal selling. Promotion refers to the various types of communications that marketers use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Direct marketing is a promotional vehicle that comes to consumers' businesses and homes. Personal selling is a form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Employee newsletters and contest drawings are considered a form of promotion. Buffet service and complimentary breakfasts are products. Public relations is a part of promotion. However, cost-plus pricing is a method of pricing products.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 390-393]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
96. C
First impressions are difficult to change. When customers receive a negative first impression from the salesperson, it may become permanent. This often results in lost sales. Therefore, the salesperson must attempt to make a positive first impression with customers and establish good rapport, or understanding. This should include offering the customer whatever assistance might be needed since customers do not usually like to ask for help.
SOURCE: SE:110
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 279). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Improved reputation. The use of product substitution can benefit a hospitality and tourism business by improving its reputation. When customers are provided the most satisfactory products, they have good feelings about that business and tell others about the service. By using product substitution, a business serves its customers well and enhances its reputation. Increased satisfaction and additional savings are ways that product substitution can benefit customers. Advanced ordering is not a benefit of product substitution.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111—Get Specific (Recommending Specific Product)
98. C
Opportunity to remove a barrier to the completion of the sale. Valid objections signal a desire to purchase. If the objection is handled properly, buying may occur as a natural part of the sales transaction. The salesperson should not feel personally insulted that a customer raises an objection. Not every customer complaint can be dismissed as being an excuse not to buy.
SOURCE: SE:874
SOURCE: SE LAP 100—Objection Overruled (Converting Objections into Selling Points)
99. D
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that the property does not normally have on hand. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: SE:478
SOURCE: Gordon, J. (2015). How to determine whether or not to accept a special order in accounting. Retrieved October 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/determine-whether-notaccept-special-order-accounting-81542.html
100. A
Being responsible for other managers or supervisors. Mid-level, or middle, managers report to top-level management and have supervisors who report to them. Plans and goals for the company are developed by top management. Susan is likely to be involved in some aspect(s) of more than one management function at any one time. Training employees to perform routine tasks is a task of supervisory, or firstlevel, managers who work directly with the employees who carry out the business's work.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1131
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. B
Conservation. Many nations have developed environmental regulations to conserve their natural resources by requiring businesses to control pollution, dispose of hazardous waste properly, and use nonrenewable resources wisely. These regulations set pollution standards that businesses must meet, establish rules for disposing of waste, encourage recycling, and monitor illegal dumping. Nations realize that natural resources are limited and must be conserved or renewed in order to be available for future generations. Nations did not develop environmental regulations to encourage ethical behavior or moral conduct, although some environmental regulations deal with ethical and moral issues. Industrialization is the changeover from producing goods by hand labor to the use of machines and the organization of such production into industries.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: HG.org Legal Resources. (n.d.). Environment law—Environmental and natural resources law. Retrieved November 25, 2015, from http://www.hg.org/environ.html
2. A
Corporation. A corporation is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. By investing in a corporation, Mr. Brown will be one of the owners who will share in the profits of the business but will not be responsible for the day-to-day operations. A general partnership is an agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
Shared by channel members. The costs of promoting products are often shared by channel members instead of being paid for entirely by one channel member. All products need to be promoted. Promotion costs are unavoidable and are often expensive, especially for new products.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. D
Direct. A direct channel of distribution moves goods and services directly from the producer to the consumer or industrial user. Channel intermediaries are wholesalers, agents, and retailers. Indirect channels go from the producer to these intermediaries before reaching consumers. Intensive distribution is a method of distribution rather than a channel.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Report the restaurant supply house for antitrust violations. The scenario is an example of a tying agreement in which a company requires a buyer to purchase one product in order to get the desired product. Tying agreements are a violation of antitrust laws. The manager should not buy the wine and glasses if they are not needed. Fraud is defined as an intentional deception undertaken for personal gain. The restaurant supply house did not deceive the restaurant manager. A visit to the restaurant supply house would only be done if the wine and wine glasses were wanted.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Sherman, A.J. (n.d). Understanding antitrust and related regulatory aspects of building distribution channels. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.entrepreneurship.org/en/resource-center/understanding-antitrust-and-related-regulatory-aspects-of-building-distribution-channels.aspx
6. D
Taps unidentified market segments. When unauthorized dealers or distributors sell real, branded products, they create gray markets. These markets can create a variety of problems for the brand's owner. They can damage channel member relationships, diminish a brand's value, harm a company's reputation, and damage a company's segmented pricing activities. Because of these issues, a brand's owner needs to take action to overcome or at least limit the gray-market activity. How quickly the brand's owner takes action is impacted by the benefits that it can obtain from gray-market activity. These benefits include tapping unidentified market segments, providing market intelligence, uncovering new sources of demand, etc. Gray-market activity increases, rather than decreases, company expenses, thereby decreasing company profit.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Wallace, O. (2015, October 30). What is the gray market? Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-the-gray-market.htm
7. A
A manufacturer decides to sell its products on its website. Vertical conflict in a channel of distribution occurs when there is disagreement between different levels of members in the same channel. An example of a vertical channel is a manufacturer selling to wholesalers who then sell to retailers. Conflict may occur if the manufacturer decides to sell its products on its website as well as sell them to wholesalers. Both the wholesalers and the retailers may feel that they will lose sales because the products are available directly to the ultimate consumer. Horizontal conflict may occur if an organization sells additional franchises in the same city or if two similar businesses compete for the same target market. Distributors for a product agreeing to charge the same price is price fixing.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Mack, S. (2015). Horizontal and vertical marketing conflicts. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/horizontal-vertical-marketing-conflicts-65325.html
8. A
Evaluate the author's level of credibility. When conducting research for a business, it is important to consider the source's level of credibility. A person who has extensive knowledge of or expertise in a specific topic is more credible and more likely to present valid or reliable information. For example, an article about the side effects of a medication tends to be more credible if it was written by a doctor or pharmacist rather than if the article was written by a financial planner or mechanic. Although the timeliness of written material is a consideration, it is not related to the author's level of expertise. A researcher cannot always determine the author's level of emotional intelligence by reading a written document. And, it is possible to possess a high level of knowledge about a subject and have low emotional intelligence. The way in which the article is written, rather the author's expertise, will impact the understandability of the information.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: University of California Santa Cruz. (n.d.). Evaluate the quality and credibility of your sources. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from https://library.ucsc.edu/help/research/evaluate-the-quality-and-credibility-of-your-sources
9. B
Examining the table of contents. A table of contents, which lists the main sections of the report with their page numbers, is often included at the beginning of a long report. By examining the table of contents, the audience can quickly locate the information that they want to read. The bibliography lists the sources used to develop the report. Evaluating the author's expertise may provide insight about the credibility of the report's information. The report writer develops the appendices, which provide supplemental or supporting information for the report's content.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: GradSchools.com. (2010, November). Reading to extract the right information. Retrieved November 24, 2015, from http://www.gradschools.com/article-detail/reading-133
10. C
May not be remembered accurately. Listeners generally retain only about 25 of what they hear, and they frequently don't remember it accurately. It is, therefore, important to choose words used in oral communication carefully and to try to make sure that listeners receive the intended message. Oral communication is used for all kinds of messages, not just those that are urgent. Oral communication is considered less formal than written communication, but that is not the reason that it should be used with care.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovee, C.L. & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 11]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. A
Making an appeal for action. If a speaker is trying to get an audience to do something, challenging them with an appeal for action is a good closing. Using a quotation, using humor, or making a comparison are also closing methods, but they do not ask the audience to do anything.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9—Well Said! (Oral Presentation)
12. A
Deductive. Information can be organized and ordered in many different ways, including deductively, chronologically, geographically, and by value. However, in the business world, most information is organized in deductive order. The deductive approach is also sometimes called the direct approach because it involves presenting the main ideas, recommendations, and most important information first. Less significant information such as examples and reasons are presented later in the report. Zeke would be wise to provide his recommendations for incorporating social media promotional strategies first and follow his recommendations with specific examples of how these strategies could be used by the company. Chronological order puts information in sequence according to time. Geographical order puts information in order based on the geographic location of items. When organizing information by value, a writer presents topics in order of numerical value or size.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: College of Marin. (n.d.). Chapter 10 lecture: Six methods for organizing data. Retrieved November 24, 2015, from http://www.marin.edu/buscom/index_files/Page1347.htm
13. A
Face-to-face meeting. Having a face-to-face meeting is the best way to get immediate verbal and nonverbal feedback. Nonverbal feedback or body language can often provide insight into what the message recipient feels or really thinks about the message. For example, crossing arms often indicates a defensive or negative attitude about the message. The manager cannot gauge or monitor employees' nonverbal cues through audio conferences (e.g., telephone conference calls), online chat rooms, or Intranet message boards because s/he cannot see the message recipients.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Fennell, Z. (n.d.). The importance of communication channels in business. Retrieved November 24, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6511827_importance-communication-channels-business.html
14. D
Explain the business's policies. When customers ask questions about business policies, or when they complain about certain policies, employees must be able to interpret the policies properly so that customers understand them. Employees usually are the ones responsible for explaining policies and would not refer customers to management or supervisors unless the question or complaint was more complicated than they could handle. Employees would not give customers a booklet to read because most businesses do not have all of their policies in written form.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Bovee, C.L. & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 224-225, 230-232]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. A
One who complains because s/he gives the company an opportunity to fix its mistakes. Only a small number of dissatisfied customers actually take the time to complain to a business. Instead, they typically tell everyone they know about their bad experience, which can mean a lot of negative publicity for a company that didn't even get a chance to correct the problem. When a customer complains, s/he gives a business the opportunity to fix its mistakes. If a company handles the situation right, it can create a loyal customer. A company should never attempt to tell a customer s/he is wrong, even if s/he is. Instead, the person handling the complaint should listen and empathize with the customer. Fewer customer complaints may save a company time and frustration in the short term, but in the long term they can end up costing money. When customers complain about products or services, they alert a company to possible problems. A company can then fix those problems early on and avoid expensive fixes down the road. If a customer doesn't complain, it doesn't necessarily mean that s/he is satisfied. S/He may just not tell the business that s/he is unsatisfied, which, as mentioned earlier, can actually be much worse than a complaint.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Customer Expressions. (1999J2015). Why is complaints handling important? Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.customerexpressions.com/cex/cexweb.nsf/(GetPages)/c098e3e1b60af5ba85256ff2006a40ec
16. D
Human resources. Human resources, which are often considered to be the most important economic resource, are responsible for combining natural resources and capital goods to produce goods and services. Human resources are required, to some extent, in the production of all goods and services. Nonrenewable resources are a type of natural resource.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. B
Trade-off. All economic choices, including the manager's, involve trade-offs. Trade-offs involve giving up all or part of one thing in order to get something else. The trade-offs that a person or organization is willing to accept should be based on the opportunity costs involved. The manager would prefer that her workers produce higher quality products, even if that means that they can't produce as many products as they would have otherwise. The opportunity cost of the manager's decision is the lost benefits and income that additional products would have generated. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. A capital good is a manufactured or constructed item that is used in production. Distribution is an economic process or activity by which income is divided among resource owners and producers.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
18. A
Creativity. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services. To thrive in the marketplace, a business must to be able to adapt to the markets' changing needs and wants. This often involves developing new products, altering existing products, changing a process, or appealing to a new market segment, which requires creative employees. The business must encourage its employees to voice their ideas by fostering a creative work environment. Encouraging insensitivity, exclusivity, and ethnocentrism is not likely to help a business to adapt to today's changing markets.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: EC LAP 25—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
19. D
Price matching. Price matching is a trend among some discount businesses to attract and hold customers by meeting competitors' prices. Price fixing is an illegal practice that occurs when businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Rebates are refunds usually offered by the manufacturer of the product. Discounts occur when businesses deduct an amount from the price of a product at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
20. C
Lowering taxable income. Deducting expenses helps businesses to save on taxes by lowering their taxable income. If a business makes $100,000 in profit but deducts $50,000 in business expenses, it will only be taxed on $50,000 of income. Deducting business expenses does not increase profits, reduce payroll costs, or increase owners' salaries.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. C
Strikebreakers. Use of strikebreakers is a common strategy used by management during labor disputes. Strikebreakers are new workers hired by management to work while union members are on strike. A lockout occurs when the company closes the business temporarily, and the employees are not allowed to work. An injunction is a court order forbidding people from carrying out certain activities, such as picketing. Picketing is a strategy used by union members.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5—Get United (Organized Labor)
22. A
Marginal product. Marginal product is the additional unit of production that occurs with the addition of one unit of a variable resource. For example, if a business adds one new worker, the unit that worker produces is the marginal product. Marginal product and marginal cost are inversely related. According to the law of diminishing returns, the marginal product decreases in direct relation to an increase in the marginal cost of producing that product. Too many workers reduce the level of productivity, which means that more money is being spent to produce fewer products. When a business's marginal cost of producing a good is increasing, the variable resource is also increasing. Personal income is the amount of money earned by individuals. Employment rate indicates the percentage of workers who are employed.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: EC LAP 31—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
23. D
Volunteering to stay late to finish a project. By staying late without being asked, you're showing initiative by trying to do more than you're told to do. Dressing appropriately is certainly important for job success, but it doesn't have anything to do with initiative. Using your free time to surf the web isn't an example of initiative. When a person with initiative has downtime at work, s/he will find ways to assist his/her team instead of wasting valuable company time. While being friendly and courteous to coworkers will go a long way towards making your work environment more pleasant, it isn't a way to show initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
24. A
Positive people are responsible. When Michael admits his mistake to his boss and promises to fix it, he is displaying the positive characteristic of being responsible. He doesn't make excuses or try to shift the blame. Positive people are also pleasant and smiling, interested and enthusiastic, and uncomplaining, but Michael's behavior does not illustrate these qualities.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt For Optimism (Positive Attitude)
25. C
Negative feedback expresses disapproval about a specific behavior. Negative feedback is defined as criticism or disapproval. The purpose of negative feedback is to change or improve the message receiver's behavior, rather than reinforce an existing attitude or behavior. Although negative feedback can embarrass the message receiver, its purpose is to help the message receiver improve or change a particular attitude or behavior. Negative feedback addresses a person's weaknesses, while positive feedback communicates information about his/her strengths.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
26. C
Keep the information to herself and not say anything to anyone. An important aspect of respecting a person's privacy is not to talk to about things that do not affect or concern you. If McKenzie tells other people—including her supervisor, Abby, and Kyle—about a confidential conversation that she overheard, she may gain the reputation of being a gossip, which can greatly reduce her trustworthiness and credibility in the workplace.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Gross, B. (n.d.). Workplace privacy between coworkers. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.allbusiness.com/workplace-privacy-between-coworkers-4113159-1.html
27. B
Collectivism. A focus on group accomplishment is called collectivism. Some cultures value collectivism, while others value individualism, a focus on independent accomplishment. If you are working in a group with someone from a collectivist culture, and you take too much individual credit, that person may be offended. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures. Bias is prejudice—a judgment based on feelings rather than facts.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
28. A
Prove that you're an expert. To be seen as credible, you have to prove that you're an expert. If people assume that you know what you're talking about, they'll be much more likely to follow your lead. Being patient and modest can be good qualities, but they will not help you appear more credible. You should not exaggerate if you want to develop credibility.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: EI LAP 121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
29. C
Silence. There are several negotiating strategies and some are more effective than others in certain situations. Silence is a good tactic to use when the discussion becomes emotionally heated. Nod your head to signal you are listening, but don't talk. People are often uncomfortable with silence, so the other person might try to sound more reasonable. As a result, you have a chance to take the power and influence the other person. Bargaining is a give-and-take strategy. Good cop/Bad cop sets up one person as reasonable and the other person as unreasonable. Deadline sets specific deadlines to meet requests.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
30. A
Organizational vision. Organizational vision refers to the future a company's leaders desire to create. A team vision complements the organizational vision. It may have slightly different wording or be a bit more tailored to specific work tasks. This is not a goal. Goals are specific, measurable, and time-bound, while visions involve the big picture.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
31. B
A loan for $6,000 at 8.5 interest for 1 year. The amount of simple interest is calculated by multiplying the amount of money being borrowed times the interest rate, times the length of time for which the loan is made. In this case, $6,000 x 8.5 x 1 = $510. The $5,000 loan will have an interest payment of $1,750. The $4,000 loan will have an interest payment of $2,160. The $7,000 loan will have an interest payment of $1,120. Time is a very important factor in determining the cost of using credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
32. A
Selecting a credit card provider. Comparison shopping will help you determine which credit card providers offer the lowest interest rates and have minimal transaction fees. Doing some research before applying for and accepting the terms of a credit card can help you save money on credit. Credit bureaus collect your credit history to calculate your credit rating (score). Banks prepare your bank statements, and lending institutions develop and organize the loan applications that applicants complete.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Mapping Your Future, Inc. (2015). Use your credit cards wisely. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from https://mappingyourfuture.org/money/creditcards.cfm
33. A
Language. Financial information is not useful if it does not contain understandable formatting and language. It is often not necessary for readers to understand each footnote in a financial report. People use financial information to analyze potential investments, but the information itself does not have to come in the form of an analysis. It does not have to include recommendations to be understandable.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
34. A
Embezzlement. Embezzlement involves the theft of valuables that have been entrusted to another's care. In the example, the company entrusted Oscar with placing the company's money in one account, and instead, Oscar put the money in a bank account that only he had access to. Oscar was stealing money from the company. Insider trading involves leaking information to others that is not known to the public. Securities fraud involves the use of misleading sales tactics to persuade investors to purchase securities. Espionage involves revealing confidential information without the source or owner's permission and is often associated with spying.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: Legal Information Institute. (n.d.). Embezzlement. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/embezzlement
35. A
Specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments. A master budget is made up of information from specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments. Each specialized budget reflects the goals and activities for that particular area of the company. It's likely that the previous year's budget is taken into consideration, but not simply by adding 10 to its amounts. Internal sales forecasts are part of the sales budget, not a direct component of the master budget. Level of competition is not a direct factor in the master budget. Top management does not determine the content of specialized budgets.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. B
Learn their jobs. Current employees can help new employees learn their jobs and provide them with information about company procedures. Businesses often assign new employees to work with experienced employees who will be able to help train them and give them directions about job duties. Current employees usually are able to answer new employees' questions. New employees are expected to possess the work skills necessary to do the jobs for which they were hired. New employees negotiate contracts with businesses before starting to work.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Assad, A. (2015). How to train colleagues. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://work.chron.com/train-colleagues-6200.html
37. B
Budgeting. Estimating costs for projects and allocating funds appropriately is called budgeting, and it is an important use of data for marketers. Distributing means getting the product to customers. Promoting means sending customers a message about the product. Pricing means determining how much to charge for the product.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
38. D
Sort and classify different types of customer information quickly. A database is a collection of information that a business stores in its computer system. Many businesses store information about their customers, such as their purchasing histories and contact and shipping information, in databases. Businesses have the ability to sort different types of information, which they can use to carry out a variety of functions. For example, a business might want to send promotional literature to customers working or residing in a certain zip code. By setting queries within the computer database, the business can quickly obtain the names and addresses of customers who meet the criteria. Businesses often use online survey services to produce and post questionnaires. Businesses use word-processing software to write sales letters, proposals, and promotional copy. Businesses use presentation software to prepare visual aids for sales presentations.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 199, 594J595). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. D
To offer products that customers want. Businesses are likely to fail if they do not offer products that customers want. Because customers' needs and wants change over time, hospitality and tourism businesses must collect and monitor marketing information. Knowing what customers want helps businesses develop or adapt products that suit their customers' changing wants and needs. Although hospitality and tourism businesses use technology to acquire marketing information, using technology is not the primary reason for obtaining the marketing information. Businesses can improve their relationships with their creditors by paying their bills. Marketing information can help hospitality and tourism businesses make sound business decisions to increase market share however, their primary reason for doing so should not be to drive indirect competitors out of business, which may be illegal.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 114]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
40. D
Test marketing. Test marketing, which is the process of introducing a new product to a limited market to determine what its acceptance will be, is an example of an experimental study. Experimentation is a research method that tests cause and effect relationships. Researchers use customer diaries and computer cookies to track customers' actions. Therefore, they are forms of observation. A focus group is a special kind of face-to-face interview that involves a group of individuals who are brought together to discuss a specific topic. Because they are face-to-face interviews, they fall into the survey method of data collection.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5—Seek and Find (Nature of Marketing Research)
41. B
The organization's information system. Marketers look for internal data in the organization's information system. Internal data are secondary data that already exist within the company. Trade-association reports and government databases are examples of places marketers might look for external secondary data. Informal interviews are sources of primary data.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: IM LAP 15—What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
42. D
By conducting a situation analysis. Researchers can help managers clarify decision problems through questioning and through conducting a situation analysis—exploratory research into the problem and the business environment. Determining the unit of analysis, deciding on relevant variables, and drafting research objectives are all activities that take place after the decision problem has been clarified.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 13—What's the Problem (Marketing-Research Problems)
43. D
Judgment sampling. Judgment sampling, also known as expert sampling, is a non-probability sampling method in which researchers hand-pick respondents based on their knowledge or expertise. Referral sampling, another name for snowball sampling, is a non-probability sampling method in which researchers ask respondents to help them identify and recruit additional respondents for the study. Simple random sampling is a probability sampling method in which every sampling unit has a known and equal chance of being selected. Systematic random sampling is a probability sampling method in which researchers place sampling units into a random list and draw a sample using a skip interval.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
44. B
Experiments. Experiments are a data-collection method in which researchers manipulate a variable to see its effect on another variable. Surveys involve using questionnaires to capture data. Tracking is a method that monitors customers' behaviors. Observation means watching people go about their activities, usually in a natural setting.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: IM LAP 17—Hunting and Gathering (Data-Collection Methods)
45. D
Open, friendly, and nonjudgmental. A personal interview is one way to collect a lot of detailed, qualitative marketing-research data. When marketing researchers conduct interviews, it is important for them to make the interviewees feel comfortable and willing to talk openly about the topic at hand. To do this, the interviewers must be open, friendly, and nonjudgmental. They should also be approachable, organized, and courteous, and conduct the interviews in a consistent way. If an interviewer is opinionated, biased, aggressive, passive, or distant, the interviewee may not feel comfortable enough to talk honestly.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Markgraf, B. (2015). How might you improve the validity of market research methods? Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/might-improve-validity-market-research-methods-78521.html
46. C
Data cleansing. Data cleansing is the process of detecting incorrect or insufficient data. Powerful computer software programs can quickly detect and flag inconsistencies so the marketing researcher can investigate the error in further detail or follow established procedures for correcting the issue, which often involves removing the response from the data field. Laura is not editing answers, manually scanning, or entering data.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 498]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. D
Non-response error. Errors can occur during any phase of the marketing-research process and can affect the validity of the results. A non-response error occurs when a member of the sample population does not answer all of the questions in a survey. Respondents fail to answer questions for many reasons— they may not understand the question, they may feel uncomfortable answering the question, or they may not see the question on the survey. Unanswered questions on a survey are not examples of interviewer oversight, mathematical miscalculation, or rating mistakes.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 149J 150]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. D
Enables the researcher to see a broader picture than using one method. By incorporating multiple methods to collect marketing research data, researchers obtain different viewpoints of the research study. Using both qualitative and quantitative data-collection methods, researchers can overcome the limitations of each method. Causes are associated with causal research methods—not with exploratory research. Use of multiple methods does not impact the findings' validity and reliability. When researchers use multiple data-collection methods, they are adding more steps to the research process rather than omitting steps.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Kennedy, P. (2009, August 20). How to combine multiple research methods: Practical triangulation. Retrieved December 1, 2015, http://johnnyholland.org/2009/08/practical-triangulation/
49. D
Its target market. A comprehensive marketing plan addresses many different types of marketing objectives such as promotions, channels of distribution, product development, and target market. ROKE set a specific, measurable, and time-bound goal to increase its market share for a specific target market—25J to 40-year-old professional females. Objectives that address changes in market delivery relate to the channels of distribution or place. Product objectives involve the business's goods and services (e.g., product development). Promotion objectives are goals that address the ways in which the business communicates information about its goods and services to its target market.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Concept of Marketing Strategies)
50. A
Situation analysis. The situation analysis component of a marketing plan serves as a snapshot of the business's current marketing situation. It provides information in key areas, such as competitors and external factors, and answers the question, "Where do things stand right now?" The marketing strategies and programs section outlines the specific tasks the marketing team will undertake to reach its goals. Desired target market is a description of the customers the marketing team is trying to reach. Marketing objectives are the goals the marketing team sets forth in the plan.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: MP LAP 1—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
51. C
Political conditions. Political conditions are an external factor that may affect a business's sales forecast. For example, if a business sells products in a country that is on the verge of war, its sales forecast would likely reflect this condition. Promotion, price, and distribution are all internal factors that may affect a business's sales forecast.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: MP LAP 5—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
52. D
Specific problems. Businesses need a variety of information to be able to make decisions and solve problems. The type of information they need depends on the business and the specific problem. For example, a retail business might need information about different suppliers because the current supplier is not performing adequately and the business wants to find a replacement. Businesses do not assess their information needs to deal with job applicants, personal relationships, or ethical issues.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
53. A
Create a system and keep only what she needs. Irene may think she's playing it safe by keeping every single piece of paperwork, but she's actually making her job much harder. When she keeps everything, it's more difficult to find the things she actually needs. This leads to frustration and wasted time. Irene should create a system to decide what she actually needs to keep and then toss all other documents. Although Irene may want to consider storing her documents virtually instead of physically, this wouldn't necessarily help her become more organized. While virtual storage wouldn't take up physical space, Irene could still waste just as much time searching through a mess of documents if she insists on saving everything. Irene doesn't need to hire a new employee to handle the filing instead, creating a system will make Irene's files easier to use. Irene should resist purging all of her old documents—there are many things she'll need to keep, both for practical and legal reasons.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Lawson, S. (2009, May 6). Why IT should start throwing data away. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.pcworld.com/businesscenter/article/164457/article.html
54. D
E-business. E-business goes beyond buying and selling electronically as referred to in e-commerce. It also includes providing service to customers and suppliers and enabling interactive communication such as teleconferencing. URLs are Internet addresses, while websites are collections of web pages.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Northern Territory Government of Australia. (2013, July 5). What is ebusiness? Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.dob.nt.gov.au/business/starting-business/ebusiness/pages/ebusiness.aspx
55. A
Database. Database software programs are used to collect, sort, organize, and analyze information quickly. A cruise line would use database software to maintain a list of recent passengers and their cabin preferences. The cruise line could sort the information according to various factors, such as the passengers' addresses, and develop mailing lists to promote upcoming cruises. Businesses use presentation software to develop visual aids to supplement an oral presentation. Communication software programs are used to send information from one computer to another. Word-processing software programs are used for writing and editing documents.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. A
Payment history. Businesses keep many types of records about their customers. Billing information and sales transactions contain information about the dollar amount owed, sales tax, payment methods, date of payment, etc. Keeping these types of records for extended time frames provides the business with the customer's payment history. Billing information and sales transactions do not always provide specific information about the customers' financial plans, income levels, or personal preferences.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Muir, M.M. (2014, July 21). Tracking leads and customers with a customer relation management (CRM) program. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://muirassoc.com/2014/07/tracking-leads-customers-customer-relation-management-crm-program/
57. C
The demand for beach balls peaked during July. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses analyze and interpret statistics to make various business decisions, such as forecasting sales. By analyzing statistical information, the surf shop can plan its beach-ball orders to accommodate the anticipated demand. The provided data show that the surf shop sold the most beach balls during July, which indicates that the demand for beach balls peaked in July. Although the demand for beach balls declined in August, there is not enough information to determine if the production of beach balls increased during that time. Because statistical information is not provided for previous months, it is not possible to determine if the supply of beach balls declined by four percent in June. The number of beach balls purchased in June and August totaled 935, which indicates that the combined sales for June and August exceeded the July's beach-ball sales. In addition, there is not enough information provided to determine if tourists were the only group of people who purchased beach balls.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 21). Using statistics to improve and measure business performance. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-And-Measure-Business-Performance&id=744164
58. B
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
59. A
Shortcuts. Employees who are learning new skills should practice the new skill using the appropriate steps rather than taking shortcuts. It is important to practice a new skill slowly and cautiously because the quickest way is not necessarily the safest way. Not taking shortcuts is an important safety procedure that helps protect employees from many accidents and injuries. Learning new skills should not interfere with taking vacations, rest breaks, and personal leave.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Velasquez, N. (2015). The basics of learning new skills. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.unlimitedmastery.com/shortcuts-to-practice/
60. B
Fraud. Fraud is deceiving or cheating a business out of money or property. Price-ticket switching is one form of fraud. Phishing is obtaining confidential information for fraudulant purposes under the guise of being a reputable entity usually through e-mail or social-media devices. Pilferage is the theft of small sums of money, inexpensive items from the business, or office supplies for home usage. Counterfeiting involves the production and distribution of false currency.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Keckonen, A. (2012, March 24). Loss prevention tactics for handling tag switchers. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.examiner.com/article/loss-prevention-tactics-for-handling-tag-switchers
61. D
Set the security alarm. To reduce the risk of theft, businesses develop procedures for their employees to follow when closing a facility at the end of a work shift. The two most important actions that employees must follow are setting the security alarm and locking the doors. Logging off the computer, locking filing cabinet drawers, and turning off the lights will not protect the building from thieves and burglars.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Business.com. (2009, February 13). 7 security tips for small business. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.business.com/video-surveillance/7-security-tips-for-small-business/
62. C
Developing specifications. Specifications are standards that are established and described in detail. Before businesses can send requests for bids to vendors, a business must develop specifications for the products it wants to purchase. Vendors need to know what the business wants in terms of quality, size, style, quantity, etc., before they can prepare a bid. Once the business has developed exact specifications, it can request bids. The bids specify a certain price for the purchase of the requested items. Therefore, businesses often accept the lowest bidder instead of negotiating price. Once a bid is accepted, a business might schedule the delivery of the items being purchased. Managing the bid process does not involve targeting customers.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 56, 58]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. B
Maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Lean production is a quality-control method that focuses on maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Designing and developing quality products is the focus of the Taguchi method. Condensing the product-development process is the focus of concurrent engineering. Supervising manufacturing and business processes to ensure efficiency is the focus of process performance management.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
64. D
Increase the level of their self-esteem. Being organized makes people feel they are competent because they are able to do their jobs effectively in an appropriate length of time. Feeling competent increases the level of self-esteem. Feeling competent is likely to reduce the level of frustration and make people less likely to impose on others. Only competent people who are also perfectionists want to do things perfectly.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Organizational Boot Camp. (2015). 5 reasons to get organized today. Retrieved November 27, 2015, from http://www.organizationalbootcamp.com/5-reasons-to-get-organized-today/
65. D
Be flexible. Natalia needs to learn how to be flexible. It's more important that she work on what her boss needs her to work on. Everyone encounters these unexpected changes in his/her schedule. Natalia's problem doesn't have anything to do with knowing when and how she works best, planning meetings wisely, or getting enough sleep.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
66. A
Proper names. Job applicants should always sign their proper names on the application form so that their names will be correct in the business's records if they are hired. The correct format is to sign the name in the order that it reads, which is first name, middle initial, and last name. Applicants should not sign their last names first. It is not correct to sign a nickname, even if the applicant prefers to be called by that name, or to use initials only.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working: Career success for the 21st century (4th ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
67. D
Job shadowing. There are many opportunities for individuals to learn about careers. Job shadowing involves observing an individual perform his/her daily job activities in the workplace. Internships are training in which businesses provide on-the-job practice for learners. Internships are often coordinated with schools and may be paid or unpaid, lasting a certain amount of time. An exploratory interview involves asking an experienced businessperson questions about his/her career, field, or industry. Service learning involves an organized volunteer effort associated with a specific school, community, or organization.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 37). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill.
68. A
Attendance. To provide a fair and consistent work environment, businesses develop rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. Businesses expect their employees to arrive at work on time and leave work at a designated time. Employees who continuously arrive late not only violate their employers' attendance rules, but cost the companies money for time that the employees are not working. Appearance refers to appropriate dress and hygiene in the workplace. Harassment issues involve saying or doing inappropriate things. Safety violations involve actions that pose harm to employees, coworkers, customers, or visitors.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 84]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. D
Quality. Customers often associate price with quality. For example, customers assume if the price of a hotel room is high, that the the quality is high. Full-service hotels that provide upscale services and amenities usually charge high rates for their rooms because guests expect to pay high prices for the quality services. High prices are realistic to guests who stay in full-service hotels. If the hotels lowered their prices, guests might not stay there because the rates are lower than expected, and they might assume that the quality is also low. Guests of full-service hotels do not associate high prices with value or economy. Supply is the quantity of a good or service that sellers are able and willing to offer for sale at a specified price in a given time period.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
70. C
Predatory pricing. Predatory pricing involves setting prices below cost with the intention of eliminating competition. A chain of hotels that rents its rooms at extremely low rates that are below what it actually costs to operate is involved in predatory pricing. Predatory pricing is considered illegal because its main purpose is to eliminate competition. Price fixing is an illegal agreement between businesses as to a price or price range for products. Promotional pricing involves pricing goods/services at low levels and advertising them heavily. Price lining is the practice of selling goods/services at a limited number of predetermined price points.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Maxi-Pedia. (2015). Predatory pricing. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.maxiJ pedia.com/predatory+pricing
71. C
Economic conditions. Most businesses consider the condition of the economy when determining the selling price of their goods and services. In times of economic growth, individuals often increase their spending therefore, businesses may be able to charge more for their products. However, when the economy slows down, businesses reduce their prices in order to survive until the situation improves. Company strategies and desired profits are internal factors that affect selling price. Trade practices are business activities.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
72. B
Maturity. A product life cycle is the course that a product follows in the market. It includes the stages of introduction, growth, maturity, and decline. Introduction is the stage of the product life cycle when the product first appears in the marketplace. Growth is the stage in the product life cycle in which sales rise rapidly. Maturity is the stage in the product life cycle in which sales peak and then increase at a slower rate or start to decline. Decline is the final stage of the product life cycle. During this stage, sales and profits fall rapidly. Birth, adolescence, and death are stages of the human life cycle.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
73. D
Maturity. During the maturity phase, sales peak and then slowly start to decline. Because there are more competitors that market similar products, a business uses advertising to remind customers about its goods and services. Businesses often make small changes to their products to make them appealing to the market's evolving needs and wants. This might involve adding new sizes or colors to the existing product line. During the decline phase, sales drop sharply, and businesses tend to reduce advertising. Obsolescence, which is the state of being outdated or unfashionable, occurs during the decline phase of the product's life cycle. At this point, businesses determine whether to continue to offer the product. Businesses communicate that their products are available during the introduction phase.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 282J283]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. B
Accurate information. Businesses have the social responsibility to ensure that they provide accurate information on their products' labels. Incomplete or inaccurate information on product labels may mislead customers because the labels do not provide all of the facts that customers need to make an informed purchasing decision. In addition, incomplete or inaccurate information on product labels poses potential harm to customers because they may use the product inappropriately. Or, the product may contain dangerous contents and need special handling. Testimonials and promotional copy may encourage customers to buy, but these components may not provide necessary information (e.g., contents, safety, instructions) for sound or well-informed decision making. Allowances are promotional funds provided by manufacturers to retailers. Allowances do not help customers make appropriate buying decisions.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 227]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
75. A
Programmed. Since Gwen likes to use structured, organized techniques to develop new ideas, she is likely to prefer programmed thinking ideation methods. Programmed thinking is a process used to solve problems and generate ideas in logical, analytical, organized ways. Lateral thinking is very different from programmed thinking. Lateral thinking is a process used to solve problems and generate ideas in purposely illogical ways. Philosophical thinking and artistic thinking are not usually referred to as ideation methods.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
76. B
Product modification. Businesses generate product ideas in many ways. Product modification involves changing one or more of an existing product's attributes to improve its appearance, durability, or performance. By changing a product's attributes, a business may attract a new market or extend the product's life cycle. The example does not indicate that the company's research and development team examined competitors' products or used customers' suggestions to generate ideas to improve or change the product. Product placement is a type of promotional media that uses products as props.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Business Owner's Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Generating and evaluating new product ideas. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.toolkit.com/small_business_guide/sbg.aspx?nid=P03_4008
77. A
Product contents. Grading is the process of rating products according to certain established standards or characteristics. To receive a certain grade, a product must meet established criteria, which indicates the uniformity or consistency among products. The contents of a product may affect how it is graded. For example, cuts or types of meat contain different levels of fat, so each type of meat may be graded on the percentage of fat per serving. Other products, such as gasoline, are graded on the basis of their chemical make-up. The inspection method, personal recommendations, and resource availability are not factors used to grade products.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
78. C
Product bundling. Product bundling involves combining several goods and services and offering them to customers as one product. Usually, the bundled products are offered for one, all-inclusive price. Offering a package that includes accommodations, meals, and a sightseeing trip is an example of product bundling. In the hospitality industry, it is common for hotels to develop weekend packages to encourage guests to stay at the properties during times when the hotels are not filled. Offering a weekend package is not an example of price positioning, individual selling, or target advertising, although hotels might target the package to a specific audience.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2015). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41789.html
79. A
The target market. All positioning should be geared toward the target market. A product can't be all things to all people—that's why marketers must choose a target market to focus on. The target market may or may not include people ages 18J35 or women. Positioning focuses on a product's unique benefits for the target market, not money.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
80. A
Require more promotion. Because the company does not use its trade name, the product must be promoted on an individual basis. Advantages of individual brands include allowing companies to reach different markets, associating one-of-a-kind benefits with the individual brand, and preventing brands from contaminating each other.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
81. D
Logos. The Target bullseye and the McDonald's golden arches are examples of logos. Logos are distinctive symbols, designs, or groups of letters. They are not examples of corporate brands, which are all the combined customer impressions and experiences associated with a particular company. Brand personality is the projection of a brand that encompasses its values and emotional connections with consumers. A brand promise is a business's spoken or unspoken agreement with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: PM LAP 20—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
82. D
Persuasive. The promotional message, whether personal, nonpersonal, paid, or free, should convince buyers that the product being offered for sale can satisfy their specific needs. It should not be preferential, or favor one group of customers over another.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
83. A
Sales promotion. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity which stimulate customer purchases. Sales promotions include free samples, coupons, contests, and other special incentives such as discounts intended to stimulate sales. Public relations is the relationship between business and the public. Personal selling uses planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Visual merchandising is display.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
84. A
Stealth marketing. Stealth marketing is a deceptive practice in which a business tries to stimulate interest in a product without disclosing to the public that the business is paying others to create the buzz. The business is being deceptive by misleading people into believing that the comments are placed freely and without influence, which is unethical behavior. Placement promotion is an advertising technique that involves placing products in movies, television shows, etc. Primary product promotion intends to stimulate demand for an entire class of goods or services. Industry associations often use primary promotion. Puffery involves exaggerating a product's capabilities.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Queen, J. & Fritsky, L. (2013, October 6). What is stealth marketing? Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-stealth-marketing.htm
85. C
The Tike Land Toy Company may run a limited number of television commercials during specific times. Because children are impressionable and often have a difficult time interpreting promotional messages, many governments have strict regulations about advertising to children. Depending on the jurisdiction, the government may limit the number of times and the hours in which businesses may run television commercials that typically target an audience of children. Placing an advertisement in the community newspaper, providing a playing and reading space in a bookstore for children, and offering coupons on a website for family dinner specials are not situations in which advertising negatively affects children.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 129J130]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. C
Participation shows. Participation shows are broadcast advertising in which several different advertisers buy commercial time within the same program. This is the most widely used option in TV advertising. Program sponsorship is broadcast advertising in which one advertiser sponsors an entire show, including its production costs, without sharing commercial time. Spot announcements are broadcast advertisements presented between shows and originating from the local station rather than the network. Network advertising is advertising time purchased from radio and television networks to reach consumers across the nation.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
87. C
A bed and breakfast inn sent a personalized email message that included a coupon to a customer. Direct marketing involves communicating messages directly to the customers or potential customers who are most likely to act upon the message content or offer. A form of direct marketing is direct email, which is a promotional medium that comes to customers' computers. Businesses often use their customers' sales history to determine what they are most likely to buy and customize promotional messages based on the customers' preferences. A television ad and a coupon booklet are forms of nonpersonal communication. Although catalogs are often sent as direct mail to customers, posting the catalog on a website is a form of nonpersonal communication.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 368]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. B
Testimonial. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product, proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. Comparisons are features or claims that are compared with competing products. Features give factual information about the product.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Joseph, C. (2015). Techniques for testimonials in advertising. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/techniques-testimonials-advertising-11792.html
89. D
Is clear. The advertisement's headline, illustration, copy, and signature should attract the reader's attention in a balanced, visually attractive, and clear way. The advertisement's elements should relate to one another to convey the ad's theme and reinforce the message. The purpose of an advertisement determines if it is appropriate to convey humor or entertain the audience. Clear advertisements should not create uncertainty.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 423J424). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. B
News conference. A business's public-relations department uses many activities to establish good relations with the public. A news or press conference involves inviting members of the media to a meeting so the business can make an announcement such as a merger with another company. A press or news release contains written information (e.g., new product releases) that the business distributes to the media to obtain publicity. A public service announcement is a type of institutional promotion that informs consumers about noncontroversial issues that are in the public's interest. Social media is a form of communication that involves sharing information, ideas, personal messages, videos, etc. through social networking and mobile applications such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Kerin, R.A., Hartley, S.W., & Rudelius, W. (2011). Marketing (10th ed.) [pp. 462J463]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
91. A
Hold a prize drawing or raffle. During trade shows, exhibitors are competing for the attention of the tradeJ show attendees. Therefore, exhibitors need to plan activities that will increase their visibility and provide incentives that encourage attendees to remember their goods and services. Some exhibitors hold a drawing (raffle) for a prize. Prizes might include gift certificates for goods or services or large items, such as cars or boats. Because attendees must provide some basic information to put their names into the drawing, exhibitors can hold onto the information and send follow-up materials (e.g., sales letters, coupons) after the trade show. Providing business cards is important, but does not attract attention. The type of the trade show and the size of the booth determines the need for seating.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: Byer, J. (n.d.). Tips for a successful trade show. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.businessknowhow.com/marketing/trshowsuccess.htm
92. D
What promotional activities will take place. Coordinating promotional activities so that they work together to sell products is important to achieving promotional goals. Part of this effort should include providing employees with complete information about what promotional activities will take place, when they will occur, and how long they will last. This information will help employees to prepare to sell the products that are being promoted. Employees do not need to know who selected the products for promotion or how much is being spent on the promotional activities. Customer response can only be estimated, at best, and is not essential information.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 400J402). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Away from the competition. One category of buying motives is known as patronage motives and includes such reasons as customer service and quality of merchandise. Because of patronage motives, a customer makes purchases in one store rather than in another. Information was not provided about lower prices, seasonal sales, and advertised specials.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
94. B
Efficient services. By offering efficient services, a hotel provides an environment that helps to build a loyal clientele. Efficient services make an important contribution to the creation of goodwill and the cultivation of client loyalty. Convention guests usually appreciate the good service they receive from a hotel, which will encourage them to return and to become regular guests. Hotels usually do not offer free samples. The complimentary items provided in rooms are considered to be amenities rather than free samples. Hotels do not provide training to guests. Hotels use promotional materials as selling tools to attract guests.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
95. D
Misrepresentation. Stating the facts about a product in an inaccurate way is considered misrepresentation. When Alisha tells a deliberate lie about her product's capabilities, she's misrepresenting the product. Negligence, bribery, and slander are all illegal activities, but Alisha isn't engaging in them in this example.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
96. A
Offer to check with the cook. Servers should obtain information about menu items from the kitchen staff on an ongoing basis. When patrons have food questions servers cannot answer, the servers should obtain the answers from the kitchen staff. Because customers may have dietary problems, waiters/waitresses should not guess at the contents of food dishes. Truthfulness is essential in dealing with customers, and a little extra consideration can prompt return business.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
97. D
Personal experience. The best source of product information for use in selling is personal experience or practical use. Nothing compares to having handsJon experience with a product. Customer feedback, fellow salespeople, and product manufacturers are also excellent sources of product information, but practical use is the best.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
98. B
This is the only property that has an exercise facility. Unique or exclusive benefits are advantages that are available only from a certain hotel. If a hotel offers a unique benefit, such as an exercise facility that other properties in the area do not offer, the hotel has a selling advantage over its competitors. Explaining unique benefits to guests often encourages guests to rent rooms or extend their stays. A steel-reinforced door is an example of a hidden benefit. The menu selection is an obvious, or apparent, benefit because guests can easily read the menu and recognize the benefit. Rates that are competitively priced are not unique benefits because the same rates are available at other properties.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
99. B
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory. To effectively sell products to customers, salespeople must understand the factors that motivate buying decisions. Many content-motivation theories examine the underlying factors that affect motivation. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory suggests that motivation is related to five levels of needs—from basic to complex. Maslow's theory states that basic needs must first be met before a person is motivated to fulfill the next level of needs. For example, a person must have physiological needs met (food, air, shelter) before the person is motivated to go after the next level of needs (safety). The Acquired Needs, Equity, and Expectancy theories are other types of motivational theories.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Net MBA. (2002-2010). Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Retrieved December 1, 2015, from http://www.netmba.com/mgmt/ob/motivation/maslow/
100. A
Accomplishing company goals. Top-level management uses the business's resources to achieve company goals through the management activities of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling. First-line supervisors have the responsibility for supervising day-to-day activities. Maintaining security and conducting research would be the responsibility of mid-level managers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1142
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. C
The U.S. Congress. The U.S. Congress, which includes the Senate and the House of Representatives, is a primary source of law. It enacts federal statutes (laws). The Supreme Court interprets the laws. The U.S. Congress enacts the formation of administrative agencies. Agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration develop various administrative regulations, which are also primary sources of law.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Encyclopaedia Britannica. (2016). Congress of the United States. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from https://www.britannica.com/topic/Congress-of-the-United-States
2. A
Creditor. Creditors are individuals or businesses to whom a business or individual owes money or from whom it wants to borrow money. In this situation, a bank is most likely to be the creditor from which the restaurant is borrowing money. The debtor, in this situation the restaurant, is the individual or business who owes money to the creditor. The debtor would also be considered a borrower. A wholesaler is an intermediary who helps to move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2004-2016). What is the distinction between debtor and creditor? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/debtor-creditor
3. D
General partnership. A general partnership is a type of partnership agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders who have purchased units or shares in the company. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources for the benefit of all parties. The joint-venture relationship is usually for a short term or for a single project. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee and allows the franchisee to distribute the parent company's goods and services for a certain amount of money.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. A
Safe environment. Customers who use the services of the hospitality industry have the right to a safe environment. For example, hotel guests have the right to be safe in the room they rent, and guests using banquet rooms have the right to be safe while on the property. If hotels do not provide a safe environment, they may be liable for harm or injury that guests experience. Hotels are free to set prices at any level. Many hotels advertise guaranteed satisfaction, although that is a promise rather than a right. Efficient registration provides good service, but is not a right.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Perkins, E. (2008, June 26). What are your rights as a hotel guest? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from https://www.smartertravel.com/2008/06/26/what-are-your-rights-as-a-hotel-guest/
5. B
Producer to wholesaler to retailer to consumer. This is the most common distribution method for consumer goods. The manufacturer sells to the wholesaler, who then handles the sales, warehousing, and distribution of the goods to retailers. Producer to consumer is more likely to be used for direct contact by manufacturer to consumer, such as Avon. Producer to retailer to consumer is the channel used for merchandise that dates quickly or needs servicing, such as fashion items or automobiles. Producer to agents to wholesaler to retailer to consumer is used by producers who do not want to handle their own sales to retailers.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
6. C
Vertical channel conflict. Vertical conflict may occur among members who are on different levels of the same channel of distribution. For example, a manufacturer traditionally sells products to wholesalers who sell the products to a business. If the manufacturer starts to sell directly to the business, the wholesalers are eliminated from the channel of distribution, which might create conflict because the wholesalers are losing customers and revenue. Reverse distribution involves recycling an existing product. Horizontal conflict may occur among members who are on the same level in a channel of distribution. Exclusive distribution involves selling to only one distributor.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Herrera, A. (2014, January 15). Channel conflict in marketing. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.slideshare.net/iamALECXZ/channel-conflict-in-marketing
7. B
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or list former local competitors.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Moore, M. (2016). Why have personnel policies & procedures? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/personnel-policies-procedures-1234.html
8. C
Chronological order. When assigning jobs or tasks to employees, managers need to provide employees with precise, easy-to-follow directions. Often, these directions involve performing tasks that need to be completed in a certain order. Then, the directions should be explained in chronological order so the employees will be able to follow them correctly. For example, employees need to know that steps one and two must be completed before step three. If directions are given out of chronological order, employees might not understand or be able to perform as expected. Directions that are explained in complex terminology, in excessive detail, or in technical language may be difficult for employees to understand and follow.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Reh, J. (2016, May 6). How to provide directions to your team members. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-provide-directions-to-yourteam-members-2276047
9. B
Objectively. Rather than allowing his feelings (positive or negative) for his employees to influence his choice of workers to lay off, Walter must base his decision strictly on facts and accurate data. In other words, Walter must be able to justify and defend his decision, if necessary. Whenever a person uses facts rather than emotions to defend her/his decision or idea, that person is defending his/her decision or idea objectively. Because Walter can defend his ideas objectively, no one can accuse him or his company of playing favorites or choosing to keep a particular worker simply because Walter likes that employee, or because the worker's family has no other income. Subjective ideas are based on emotion, not on fact. There is no indication that Walter will be defending his decision inductively or on a quarterly basis.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Lotich, P. (2010, June 15). 6 tips in managing employee layoffs. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://thethrivingsmallbusiness.com/6-tips-in-managing-employee-layoffs/
10. D
Determine the purpose or nature of the message. Oral presentations are given to provide entertainment, relay information, or persuade the audience into a change of attitude or behavior. The speaker needs to know the purpose of the presentation before s/he can gather information or research for the message or prepare visual aids. Although the size of the audience can be a factor in organizing the presentation, it is not the first element of the presentation that the speaker considers.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Public Affairs Council. (2016). Speechwriting 101: Writing an effective speech. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://pac.org/content/speechwriting-101-writing-effective-speech
11. B
Charts or pictures. Graphic aids can include tables, bar graphs, line graphs, pie charts, pictures, and more. Although the clothing you wear and the facial expressions you make can be a powerful way to communicate with your audience, they are not graphic aids. Dialogue with your colleagues may occur during your presentation, but it is not a graphic aid.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Behavioral Institute for Children and Adolescents. (n.d.). Giving a great presentation: Visual aids with impact. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.behavioralinstitute.org/uploads/giving_a_great_presentation.pdf.
12. B
At the beginning of the letter. Inquiries should be direct so that the recipient immediately knows what the inquiry is about. Start with the purpose of the inquiry before describing your company, project, or what prompted the inquiry. Delayed statement of your purpose (whether later in the letter or requesting a separate meeting) makes it more difficult for the recipient to understand the inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 604-605]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. B
Face-to-face. With face-to-face communication, a manager would be able to observe her employees' nonverbal communication. This is not possible when communicating via telephone, email, or office memo.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Grossman, D. (2011, August 31). Leading in person: 6 reasons to communicate face-to-face. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.yourthoughtpartner.com/blog/bid/44390/Leading-in-Person-6-Reasons-toCommunicate-Face-to-Face
14. D
Responding to a customer's inquiry. Employees must be able to answer customers' questions about the business's products, including those regarding a particular product's stock levels and backorder status. If the employee does not know the answer to the customer's question, s/he should ask an employee who does know. Kayla is not answering questions about the product's features, determining the customer's buying motive, or using a merchandising approach to greet the customer.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2016). How to answer customer service questions. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.wikihow.com/Answer-Customer-Service-Questions
15. D
It will reflect poorly on his company's image. Richard is always representing his company, whether he's in his office, at a conference, or somewhere else in public. Poor behavior, like being ill-prepared and late, doesn't just reflect on Richard. It also reflects poorly on his company's image. It's important for employees to remember that their actions, whether they are on or off the job, have an impact on their company's image.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2014). Importance of employee behavior in an organization. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://work.chron.com/importance-employee-behaviororganization-11019.html
16. A
They are not enforceable laws. The Fair Information Practice Principles are not enforceable laws; rather, they are guidelines that businesses can use when creating ethical privacy practices. The principles have been created and published by the Federal Trade Commission. They are useful for every type of business and cover online as well as other types of privacy issues.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: CR LAP 17 Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
17. A
Inventory control. Inventory control is a distribution activity that involves keeping track of how much stock is on hand, how much has been sold or used, and how much is on order. Inventory control is so important that it has been called the watchdog of the distribution system. A volume discount is a discount which is based on the quantity of a purchase. The buying process is a series of sequential steps taken by industrial or retail buying personnel to purchase goods and services. Vendor selection is the process of identifying dependable and responsible suppliers of goods and services.
SOURCE: DS:001
SOURCE: Inc. (2016). Inventory control systems. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/inventory-control-systems.html
18. B
Economic. An economic want is something that you desire that has a monetary value. Seeing a movie would have a monetary value attached to it. A noneconomic want is a desire for something that has no monetary value. Wants are unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough resources to satisfy all of their wants. Limited wants do not exist.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
19. A
Product's utility. The basic demand for a product is not determined by its price but by its utility its ability to satisfy a potential customer's wants or needs. If consumers believe the business's new product will benefit them, there is likely to be demand for it. The costs of production, government policies, and the number of producers are factors that affect supply.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. A
Private property. Ownership of private property also includes ownership of the results of your work. Businesses in a private enterprise economy are free to decide how to use their private property. A limited amount of government control in a free enterprise system helps to regulate and control the system. Competition is rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. The profit motive, or the desire to make a profit, is a reason for going into business.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
21. B
Taxes and borrowing. Government collects taxes from taxpayers to pay the costs of regulating business and providing services. The taxes collected are not sufficient to cover government expenses which make government borrowing necessary. Nontaxpayers don't provide money to government. Business, labor, and industry are types of taxpayers.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
22. C
Retaining earnings at a lower tax rate than non-corporations. The main tax advantage that corporations enjoy is the ability to retain earnings at a lower tax rate than non-corporations. This is because the corporation is taxed separately from its owners. Corporations don't have control over how the government spends tax money. They may or may not have less tax paperwork than non-corporations (most likely, they do not). And, corporations are subject to payroll taxes, just as non-corporations are.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27 Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
23. C
True, unions may demand benefits without regard to productivity. Labor unions can have a negative effect on productivity if they demand that workers be given benefits whether they improve their productivity or not. Providing these benefits may reduce profits for the business and even cause business failure. Unions focus on the job welfare of their members.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
24. D
$12.8 million. Personal consumption expenditures include the final market value of all services and new and used goods purchased for consumption by individuals and nonprofit institutions. Everything that you and your family buy for personal use is counted in this GDP category. In this situation, determine the amount of personal consumption expenditures that will be included in GDP by adding the total purchases of citizens and nonprofit institutions ($8.3 million + $1.9 million + $2.6 million = $12.8 million). Government purchases for new equipment are included in the government purchases of goods and services category rather than in the personal consumption expenditures category.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 62-63). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
25. A
Change in executive leadership. Change in a country's executive leadership (a new president, for example) is a political factor that can affect currency value. Inflation levels and tax increases/cuts are economic influences on currency value. The overall attitude toward the market is called market psychology it is not a political factor.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: EC LAP 30 Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
26. B
Low self-management skills. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others. Because Eddie threw his file down, left the room, and slammed the door behind him, he was not effectively managing his emotions. Eddie's non-verbal behavior indicated that he lacked self-control in this particular situation. An individual with good relationship-management skills works to effectively solve problems by exhibiting empathy, flexibility, and self-control.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
27. C
It's OK to give yourself a break when you make a mistake. No one is perfect. It's OK to give yourself a break when you make a mistake or fail to take responsibility for one of your actions or decisions. It's not OK to blame other people for your mistakes, however. There are limits to your responsibility you are not responsible for the decisions or actions of other people. Everyone should be able to take responsibility for their own decisions and actions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: EI LAP 75 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
28. B
It is the only thing that is constant in our lives. Things in life change for everyone. People go to different schools, accept new jobs and promotions, and move to different cities and homes. People get married and divorced. These situations all involve change. While many people embrace positive change, others have a difficult time adjusting to any type of change. Changes also can create many problems for business firms and make it necessary for them to make changes of their own.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building (7th ed.) [p. 511]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
29. A
Cultural sensitivity. Cultural sensitivity involves being aware of, and accommodating to, the differences in the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. Workers who are employed by international businesses must deal with people throughout the world, and they need to be sensitive to their differences in order to be successful. For example, businesspeople in some countries greet each other with a bow rather than a handshake, while others may hug when they meet. Being sensitive to such differences enables businesspeople to succeed in a global market. Economic nationalism is a type of protectionism that discourages imports. International businesses should not exhibit regional behavior, which may be limiting, in order to be successful in a global market.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11 Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
30. B
Repeat the revision process. One of the steps of the formal method of reaching a consensus is repeating the revision process. During the formal method, "yes" or "no" questions are not the focus. Rather, the questionnaire uses open-ended questions. Because questionnaires are anonymous, discussing and explaining are not a part of the formal method.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19 It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
31. C
Good visions have permanent results. A vision is a desire for the future that is achieved over time with determination and hard work. Good visions create positive results and may involve the input of many people over a long period of time. Visions are not based on mission statements, nor do they start out with specific goals. Visions are timeless rather than time bound.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: Ambler, G. (2013, February 3). 10 characteristics of an effective vision. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.georgeambler.com/10-characteristics-of-an-effective-vision/
32. A
Make a choice. A person facing a new situation must always make a choice by choosing to adapt or choosing not to adapt. A person cannot always control undesirable circumstances. New situations do not always involve difficult problems. When adapting to a new situation, it is possible to learn from another person's mistakes; however, this does not always occur.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
33. B
Being flexible. By keeping his team focused on the vision even when outsiders are negative and circumstances are in flux, Paul is demonstrating flexibility. Flexibility is important when working toward a vision because it is a long-term project that will encounter many struggles along the way. In this situation, Paul is not demonstrating listening skills, empathy, or integrity.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
34. C
Mental ability. Mental ability refers to an individual's learning and thinking abilities. People are born with different mental abilities. Patrick has a difficult time with math, but he is good at learning languages. Cat finds it hard to learn languages, but she is good at math. This is not an example of a difference in their physical condition, personality, or lifestyle.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36 Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
35. C
Flexibility. Entrepreneurs must be flexible and adaptable in order for their business or project to succeed. By shaping her own schedule around the needs of her clients, Jenna is showing that she is flexible and customer-oriented. Honesty, initiative, and integrity are all characteristics of good entrepreneurs; however, Jenna is not exhibiting them in this situation.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Careers-in-business.com. (1997-2009). Entrepreneurship: Skills and talents required. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://careers-in-business.com/enskill.htm
36. D
Convenience. Credit allows businesses and consumers to pay for several different purchases at one time with a single payment. It reduces the need to carry cash and provides the convenience of ordering by telephone. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Interest is the fee which lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Credit does not provide reassurance or comfort.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 380]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
37. B
Insurance. Insurance provides people or businesses with a guarantee that they will be reimbursed for loss or damage. Jia's monthly insurance payment means that she will be reimbursed if her home is damaged. This is not a payment towards retirement or college. People do not make payments toward wills.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Mithra, S. (2014). What is homeowners insurance? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-homeowners-insurance.htm
38. B
Track the amount of money she has spent. A check is a negotiable instrument or bank draft made payable to a specific party for a specific amount of money. A check serves as a written promise to the check bearer that money is available in the issuer's bank account. Checks are a common form of financial exchange. Both individuals and businesses use checks to pay for goods and services such as rent, utilities, food, and supplies. When writing a check, an individual or business keeps a check register that records information about the transaction. This information includes the date the check is written, to whom the check is made payable, the amount of the check, and the check number. The register is a central location to record and track all of the checks written and the amount of money spent. Check registers do not help the check issuers determine when to add funds to a savings account, understand the checking account's restrictions and fees, or decide when to order new checks.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 159]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. C
Collectibles. Items that gain or lose value over time are collectibles such as antiques, gems, stamps, dolls, and sports memorabilia. "Collecting" usually involves owning these items, waiting until they become really valuable, and then selling them for a profit. With stocks and stock mutual funds, investors own pieces of corporations or agencies. With real estate investments, investors own property.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
40. A
A record of your monthly income. If you are trying to create a personal budget, you will need a record of your monthly income to know how much you can afford to spend. Your employer's assets and liabilities, as well as your best friend's cell phone bill, are irrelevant. A sample budget may be helpful, but it is not financial information.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
41. B
Make the right decisions. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. As a result, employees involved in finance often have many decisions to make that affect the company and its customers. Making the right decisions is often difficult because employees try to do what is best for the company and for customers. Being ethical and having ethical standards to follow often helps employees make the right decisions. The role of ethics in finance is not to encourage employees to increase company profits, sell to customers, or prepare operating budgets.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Mack, S. (2016). How are ethics important in the financial industry? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/ethics-important-financial-industry-11003.html
42. D
Ethical. Ethics are the principles that govern an individual's behavior. During the staffing process, human resources managers are being ethical when they consider only an applicant's or an employee's education and experience, rather than other factors that do not affect the person's ability to do a job. By being ethical, managers are giving all individuals an equal opportunity to obtain employment. Being judgmental involves forming an opinion about an individual that may be incorrect. Being biased involves being prejudiced. Human resources managers who are judgmental or biased are not being ethical. Managers who consider only education and experience are not being inflexible because those are the factors that should be considered during the staffing process.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2016) The importance of ethics in human resources. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-ethics-human-resources-12780.html
43. C
Optical scanning devices. An optical scanner is an electronic device that copies or reads documents, and then transmits the information into a computer. Using optical scanning devices to summarize marketingresearch results saves time because the data do not need to be manually entered into the computer. Online security systems protect information that is transmitted through or stored on the Internet. Spreadsheet software programs record and calculate various types of numerical data. Frequency distribution refers to the number of times a specific variable appears in marketing research data.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2016). Optical scanner. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/optical_scanner.html
44. D
To make them useful to the business. Data by themselves are just a collection of facts. In order for the data to be useful, the business must analyze, or interpret, the data using graphs, charts, computer programs, or whatever method is appropriate. Making sure the data are accurate is the responsibility of the researcher as s/he collects them. Data analysis is a separate step in marketing research, not part of data collection. Evaluating the data is the final step in marketing research, and it cannot be carried out until after the data are analyzed.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 10 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
45. D
Likert. The Likert scale measures the respondents' level of agreement with a statement. The response options might include phrases such as strongly agree, agree, no opinion, disagree, and strongly disagree. The semantic differential scale provides seven spaces that are bound by descriptive antonyms at each end of the scale, such as durable and fragile. The respondent places an "X" at the point or space on the continuum that best describes his/her feelings about the object or idea that s/he is rating. A paired comparison scale asks respondents to make comparisons based on specific circumstances or criterion. Retention is not a type of rating scale.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 346-350, 355]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. D
Primary. Primary information is information collected for the purpose at hand. Because the resort collected feedback for a specific purpose to obtain its former guests' opinions about its facility and services it is primary information. Secondary information is information that has already been collected for other purposes. There is not enough information provided to determine if the feedback was collected to support a theory or hypothesis or if the feedback was collected as a preliminary or preparatory step for a larger project.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 126-130]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
47. D
Reach the target market. Demographic information is information about the physical and social characteristics of the population such as age, marital status, income, etc. Businesses often maintain current demographic information to make decisions about the most effective strategy to use to reach the target market, which is the particular group of customers a business seeks to attract. By monitoring demographic information, businesses are able to detect changes in the target market and revise the marketing strategy to remain effective. Demographic information does not help businesses to make decisions about the most effective strategy to use to analyze the economy, negotiate with suppliers, or purchase new equipment.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: IM LAP 184 Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
48. C
Toward the end of the interview. By asking potentially sensitive questions toward the end of an interview, the researcher can avoid having the participant cut off the interview before important information can be collected. By asking the questions at the beginning, in the middle, or throughout the interview, the researcher risks prematurely ended interviews.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Agriculture and Consumer Protection. (n.d.). Chapter 4: Questionnaire design. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.fao.org/docrep/W3241E/w3241e05.htm
49. D
Animated backgrounds. The use of animated backgrounds appeals to young professionals, whereas older professionals would prefer having clear, concise information. Pictures and concise information appeal to all audiences. Using different backgrounds on each slide makes the presentation appear "busy."
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Reynolds, G. (2016). Top ten slide tips. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.garrreynolds.com/preso-tips/design/
50. B
Concise and objective. A questionnaire is a set of written questions designed to gather information. So that a business can obtain the most reliable information possible, questionnaire developers should make sure that the questionnaire is clear, concise, and objective, or free of bias. If the questionnaire is designed in a way that it is ambiguous (vague), complex, or adaptable, the business risks not obtaining reliable data.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 292). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. A
Problem solver. Of the options given, problem solver is the term that best represents marketing's role in society. Marketing connects producers to customers by solving customers' problems. Pioneers lead and peacemakers make peace with or without being involved in marketing or its role in society.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
52. D
Consumers need tangible characteristics as "signals" of quality before they buy. Consumers are uncertain about the quality of an intangible like a service and are reassured by tangible characteristics. Service marketers understand that consumers draw conclusions about service quality and consequently make purchase decisions based on things they can see: place, people, price, equipment, and communications. Consumers need "sizzle" in a variety of purchases they make something that isn't limited to services. Solid propositions or offers can be made in the "intangible" services arena, as well as in more tangible areas. Returns are not the reason consumers are drawn to services with some tangible qualities.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Lovelock, C., Wirtz, J., & Chew, P. (2009). Essentials of services marketing (pp. 11, 24). Singapore: Prentice Hall.
53. A
The anticipated economic recovery did not occur. This would indicate that the current sales forecast is probably off target, since it would have been based on the anticipated recovery. Sales forecasts should be prepared according to the needs of the business based on how much the firm sold in the previous year. They should be adjusted as necessary for any changes in the firm's marketing plan or in the economy. The other alternatives are aspects of a marketing plan that appear to be stable.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: MP LAP 5 Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
54. D
Comparing the information with other articles about the topic. When other articles from reputable sources confirm the information from the original article, the information in the original article is more likely to be reliable. Evaluating the author's writing style, gathering internal reports from the company's database, and asking others for their opinions are not actions that will verify the reliability of the article's information.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Cooper, M. (n.d.). How to determine the validity of a research article. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5035804_determine-validity-research-article.html#
55. A
Copyright. Copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and gives their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. If a business uses information that is copyrighted without obtaining permission from the copyright holder, the business is violating copyright laws. Copyright infringement is a legal issue because businesses can be sued and required to pay a substantial penalty. Patent, trademark, and contract laws do not involve the use of information.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Tysver, D. (1996-2015). Copyright law in the United States. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.bitlaw.com/copyright/
56. B
Decision-making process. Businesses need to make many decisions on a daily basis that affect the success of the business. To help with the decision-making process, they develop and use information systems, which are methods of gathering, storing, and analyzing data. For example, an information system might store data about current customers and be able to analyze that data to provide information about buying behavior and product preferences. A business can use this information to decide whether to modify products or change its promotional approach. Businesses do not develop and use information systems to help with the public-relations effort, the internal communication plan, or the new recruitment system.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 658). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. C
Quotation marks. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. To narrow the scope of the information that the search query returns, Eli should place quotation marks around the specific phrase, such as "International Internet Marketing Association." By using quotation marks, the search will return results with those words in the exact way the researcher enters them, which narrows the scope of the returned results. Asterisks, the number sign, and the equal sign are not keystroke options that will narrow online search results.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google.com. (n.d.). How to search on Google. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479?hl=en
58. B
Manage all aspects of the operation. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all aspects of the operation, including planning sales, marketing, etc. For example, businesses can monitor the manufacturing process to track the level of inventory to know when products will be available to ship to customers and then generate invoices. Word processing software is used to develop research reports. Spreadsheet programs are used to prepare routine budgets. These programs, as well as programs that enable businesses to search the Internet, may be combined in an integrated software application package.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 219). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. B
Compare variables. A chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in databases in order to compare several variables that change from property to property. For example, one hotel might be located in an affluent suburb while another one is located in an urban area. The chain might analyze the information in its database concerning both communities in order to make appropriate marketing decisions such as the type of services to offer in each location. Although the chain provides the same type of goods and services to both communities, it needs to analyze data in order to know if the consumers in each community have different wants and needs. Before analyzing databases to compare variables, a chain of hotels might survey guests and tabulate the findings. A chain would not analyze databases in order to organize products.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 614]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
60. B
Forecast sales. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business to forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review their invoices to evaluate ideas, execute promotions, or improve service.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 562-563]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
61. D
Developing tour products specifically designed to appeal to retirees. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics (e.g., age, gender, education) of a population or market segment. Businesses consider demographic trends because changes in the population have an effect on the existing and potential products they market. Because trends indicate that a large segment of the population is aging and reaching retirement, hospitality/tourism businesses are developing products to attract retirees who are no longer in the workforce and have more time to travel. Tour products designed for retirees would not likely appeal to recent college graduates, families with young children, or business travelers.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Feigenbaum, E. (2016). Definition of business trends. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/definition-business-trends-3399.html
62. D
To minimize loss. Some equipment and machinery may be complicated to operate. Consequently, employees should follow the instructions when using the equipment and machinery to avoid damaging or breaking it, or injuring themselves. If employees are injured, they may not be able to work, which results in a loss for the business. Also, repairing or replacing damaged equipment may be expensive, which results in another loss for the business. The intent is not to speed up production or increase output by following instructions when using equipment and machinery, but to maintain production and output at an appropriate and safe level. Following instructions will not necessarily decrease overtime.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Durham, J. (2012, August 29). The importance of clear instructions to keep safe. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.workplacesafetyadvice.co.uk/the-importance-of-clearinstructions-to-keep-safe.html
63. B
Robbery. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Businesses such as banks that have large amounts of cash on hand are often common targets for robbery. Robbers generally approach the employee who has access to cash and force that person to empty the safe or cash drawer. Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Fraud is deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money or property. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Besch, M. (2015, April 15). Think like a thief: How to prevent robberies at your bank. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from https://arca.com/resources/blog/think-like-a-thief-howto-prevent-robberies-at-your-bank
64. A
Increased risk of theft. Businesses establish different types of security procedures to protect their assets equipment, inventory, facilities, money, information, and employees. Businesses need to communicate these security procedures to employees so the employees know what they need to do to maintain a secure work environment. If employees do not follow security procedures, the risk of security breaches occurring increases. For example, an employee who does not properly lock the cash drawer increases the risk of robbery. If employees fail to lock the warehouse doors at the end of business hours, the risk of theft increases. If a security breach occurs, the business may experience financial losses (e.g., stolen money, goods, and equipment). Employees follow safety procedures to reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace. Financial losses may decrease if businesses train their employees to identify counterfeit paper money at the point of sale.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Atkins, I. (2016, June 27). How to reduce retail theft in your business. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://fitsmallbusiness.com/reduce-retail-theft/
65. B
Planning. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. A project plan is a specific course of action (plan) for accomplishing the project's objectives. Project planning is the process of determining which resources (human, financial, materials) the business needs to complete the project and how those resources will be used. The advantage to project planning is that the business is more likely to achieve the project's objectives because the planner has obtained the necessary resources to complete the project before starting to work on it. Examples of projects that businesses plan might include training programs, marketing research, information analysis, and inventory control.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
66. D
Product testing. Product testing is a quality control method that businesses use to evaluate the durability and safety of their goods. The businesses use the testing results to take corrective action and improve product weaknesses. The automobile company is not conducting random inspections of products, classifying product materials, or sampling commodities.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Manda, G. (2011, January 12). How to select quality control measures? Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_7761890_select-quality-controlmeasures.html
67. C
Postage, taxes, and insurance. Overhead costs are expenses that businesses incur so they can perform their day-to-day operations. Postage, taxes, insurance, utilities, subscriptions, supplies, and rent are examples of overhead costs. Dividends and sales are sources of income for an individual or business.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Scheid, J., & Bowen, R. (2010, September 3). A quick look at overhead costs: Common examples. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.brighthub.com/office/finance/articles/85753.aspx
68. B
Buyers. Since employees with buying responsibilities are spending the company's money for resale items or items to be used in the business, they are in a good position to help the business control expenses. Buyers should take advantage of discounts, negotiate favorable shipping terms, and choose vendors who fill orders accurately and deliver on time. Effective buyers often are able to save a business a significant amount of money. Stockers, designers, and trainers are not in as good a position as buyers to help a business control expenses because they do not have direct responsibility for spending the company's money.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
69. C
Follow appropriate emergency procedures. Motels must be prepared to handle emergencies if they occur. Depending on the property's geographic location, the property might be more likely to experience some emergencies (e.g., earthquakes, floods) than others. And because the effects of natural disasters differ from one another, motels should have procedures for the various types of emergencies they are likely to encounter. A motel should thoroughly explain to employees the procedures for each emergency it might face. By preparing employees for each type of emergency, the employees can better respond and get guests, themselves, and coworkers out of harm's way. The sprinkler system usually goes off automatically when fires occur. Calling medical professionals and administering first aid may or may not be necessary and depends on the type of emergency at hand.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: AlBattat, A.R., & Som, A.P.M. (2014, September 2). Safety security and loss prevention during hospitality emergencies. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.drj.com/articles/online-exclusive/safety-security-and-loss-prevention-duringhospitality-emergencies.html
70. D
Hygiene. In any given day, the habits and practices you do to take care of yourself and your body are called hygiene. Hygienic practices such as brushing your teeth after meals and showering daily are important to your overall personal appearance. Although relaxation and meditation may be activities that promote health, they do not describe the overall habits of taking care of your body. Likewise, education is not a habit or practice of good health.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
71. D
Brainstorming. Brainstorming is the most useful problem-solving method when more than one person is involved. In a brainstorming session, members of the group throw out ideas and possible solutions to the problem. All ideas are welcome, and every point of view is valuable. Someone records all the ideas so that when the session is over, the group can review them and decide which ones might work best. The seven-step method requires problem solvers to follow a specific process for solving problems. It includes brainstorming, but that is only one of the seven steps. The intuitive method relies on gut feeling and flashes of insight. Finding the root of the problem is a simple method that identifies the source of the problem so it can be fixed. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 77 No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
72. B
Communications and media. This field involves jobs in radio, television, motion pictures, printing, publishing, photography, and communication systems. Many of the jobs require skills in speaking and writing as well as the ability to work with others and develop new ideas. A variety of clerical skills are necessary for the business and office field. Personal services involves helping others and includes jobs in many service industries. Health and fitness includes jobs in the medical field, diet and exercise facilities, and physical therapy.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 7-9]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
73. A
Print the requested information in black ink. Printing is generally more legible than cursive writing; therefore, it is preferable to print responses on an application form. Since black ink duplicates well, applicants should use a pen with black ink to complete application forms. Job applicants should respond to all questions so that a potential employer knows that questions have not been overlooked. If a question does not apply, write "NA" in the blank. Applicants should not fill out parts of a job application form that are labeled "for employer use only." Those sections are reserved for the employer. A discussion of salary requirements should be reserved for the interview; therefore, write "open" or "negotiable" when that information is requested on application forms.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 900-901). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. B
Event planner. Convention centers, hotels, restaurants, and other types of businesses hire and employ event planners to coordinate many types of events including fundraisers, wedding receptions, trade shows, and business meetings. To ensure that their clients have everything they need for successful events, event planners should be organized and detail-oriented. A restaurant chef develops the menu, prepares entrées, and manages the kitchen staff. A purchasing agent locates, negotiates, and buys goods and services for the business. An accounting manager supervises the accounting function's staff and activities.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: Remenyi, R.L. (2016). Event planner job description. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/about_5396968_event-planner-job-description.htm
75. C
Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce. The Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce is an example of a business alliance organization that operates at a local level. The purpose of the chamber of commerce is to unite individuals and different types of businesses at the local level (e.g., Seattle, Washington, USA). The organization's members work together to influence policy, advocate issues, and solve common problems. The International Federation of Social Workers consists of members throughout the world. The Small Business Administration is a U.S.-based government agency created to assist small businesses. The National Restaurant Association is a nationwide professional organization whose members work in the restaurant industry.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Seattle Metropolitian Chamber of Commerce. (2016). About us. Retrieved September 26, 2016, from http://www.seattlechamber.com/home/about
76. B
Output. A manager sets different types of goals for employees to help the business achieve its organizational goals. An output goal is a type of performance goal. In the situation described, the manager set a goal for sales representatives to process a certain number of orders within a specific time frame, which involves the sales representatives' performance on the job, or their output. Improvement goals focus on performing work better or more efficiently. Personal goals are goals that you set for yourself. Supplementary goals are additional or extra goals.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: Lloyd, K. (n.d.). Managing employees: Two types of employee goals. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/managing-employees-two-types-ofemployee-goals.html
77. C
Eliminates competition. Loss-leader pricing involves selling a product below cost. Businesses that use loss-leader pricing usually do so to attract customers who then will buy additional items at the regular price. Loss-leader pricing may be illegal if the prices are so low that competition is eliminated. However, the laws covering loss-leader pricing are seldom enforced because consumers benefit from the low prices. Loss-leader pricing is a form of discounting. It is not considered illegal if it creates excessive profit or targets one market.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Loss leader strategy. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/lossleader.asp
78. C
To prevent technical barriers to trade. By establishing worldwide industry standards, technical barriers to trade are minimized because products meet the same standards. This encourages competition between countries and increases markets. Standards also economically assist developing countries by improving productivity, market competitiveness, and export capability. International standards do not affect patents, copyrights, or trademarks.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: International Organization for Standardization. (2016). Benefits of international standards. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/benefitsofstandards.htm
79. D
To avoid legal liabilities. Product liability has become a major problem for many companies. Rather than risk a lawsuit, a company will remove the product from its product mix. The use of an expansion strategy will enable companies to appeal to a new market and to offer customers complementary products. Increasing market risk is a disadvantage associated with the contraction strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
80. D
The competition. Positioning shows where a product stands in relation to the competition. It's meant to help customers understand how the product is unique from all the other options. Positioning does not relate to marketers' expectations, past performance, or government standards.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19 Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
81. B
The Regency Hotel because it is the only hotel in Portland that offers childcare services. A competitive advantage is the edge achieved by a business that offers something better than the competition. The Regency Hotel differentiates itself from other hotels by being the only hotel in the city to provide childcare services for guests, which provides it with a competitive advantage. Many hotels are located near major highways and have full-service restaurants and indoor swimming pools. There is not enough information provided to determine if these options provide their guests with something unique that give the hotels a competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:246
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Competitive advantage. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/competitive_advantage.asp
82. D
Product extension. A product extension is a good or service added to an existing product line or product category that relates to, but differs from, the main product. Because both product lines provide hospitality services, they are related. The chain's two products differ because the new product markets to destination travelers and businesspeople who golf, while the original product markets to businesses and convention attendees. Cannibalization exists when the sale of one of the company's products takes away sales from another of its products. Because the products attract different markets, it is unlikely that cannibalization will occur after the golf resorts are up and running. The hotel chain is not restructuring its organization. The hotel is not entering into a franchise arrangement, which is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 640). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. A
Promotion. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas. One of the purposes of promotion is to link buyers and sellers. Promotion informs consumers about the goods and services offered by sellers and encourages buying. Research is gathering, analyzing and interpreting information about a specific question or problem. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Distribution is all the activities involved in moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
84. A
Print. Newspapers and magazines are the print media most widely used by advertisers to reach their target audiences. Broadcast media are promotional media such as radio and television which use radio waves to reach consumers. Outdoor media are out-of-home media which may include billboards, blimps, electric spectaculars, and skywriting. Transit media are out-of-home media found in various modes and locations of mass transportation.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
85. A
Niche catalogs. These specialized catalogs focus on lifestyles and hobbies and can target specific customers by using a database. Box-holder flyers are generally used to promote a business in a local area, thus not reaching the audience sought by this retailer. Cable television shopping channels usually carry well-known brands and usually require a large amount of inventory in stock to meet demands of the customers. Computer kiosks are free-standing units that are located in stores or malls for consumers to request information and order merchandise.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 211]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. D
High-speed Internet connection. Streaming media are sound, video, or animations that play in real time. Email is capable of delivering streaming media, such as videos, when the recipient opens the message or clicks on a "play" button. For streaming video to work properly, the recipient needs a high-speed Internet connection. Streaming media do not require the recipient to have cloud-computing capabilities, a sophisticated computer keyboard, or a complicated operating system.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Weedmark, D. (2016). What is the minimum mbps needed for streaming? Retrieved September 27, 2016, from https://www.techwalla.com/articles/what-is-the-minimum-mbpsneeded-for-streaming
87. C
Filling a web page with irrelevant key words. Doing this helps to improve the ranking of the website in search engines; however, customers are not obtaining anything of value. Ultimately, businesses sponsor websites to make money. Phishing is an illegal activity in which someone pretends to be a trustworthy business so that s/he can obtain another person's confidential information. It is most often used through email and instant messaging. To overcome phishing, some businesses are requiring their customers to select a personal image that they display when they access password protected sites.
SOURCE: PR:361
SOURCE: Miller, C. (2011, February 10). Web words that lure the readers. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/11/business/media/11search.html?src=busln
88. A
Crosshatching. By crisscrossing lines, the graphic artist could depict texture. Shading is used to show shadows, while highlighting is used to put light on objects. Sketching is the process of drawing quickly.
SOURCE: PR:334
SOURCE: Artyfactory.com. (2013). Creating tone and texture with crosshatching. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.artyfactory.com/pen_and_ink_drawing/pen_and_ink_drawing_6.htm
89. C
Highlights a specific element. Color is an important part of the composition of a print ad. The various colors in an ad need to go together, or be in harmony, for the ad to be visually appealing. In some cases, one color is used to highlight a specific element of the ad, such as the business's name which is associated with a specific color. However, the other colors in the ad need to be in harmony with the highlight color. For example, shades of brown and white go well with a highlight color of orange. Color harmonies in a print ad do not create informal balance, develop logical sequence, or always emphasize the advertiser's logo.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: Kaminska, P. (2014, October 14). The impact of color in advertising, marketing, and design. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from https://www.blurgroup.com/blogs/group/the-impact-ofcolour-in-advertising-marketing-and-design/
90. D
Amplified. Word-of-mouth marketing occurs when customers tell others of their satisfaction with a particular business. Amplified word-of-mouth marketing takes place when marketers purposely encourage their customers to share information about a business with others in their community. Clara's Pizza Parlor, for example, deliberately asks visitors to its website to send information about the restaurant in the guise of a postcard to their families and friends. Organic word-of-mouth marketing is another word-of-mouth strategy. Organic word-of-mouth marketing occurs when satisfied customers voluntarily tell people around them about a business that they like, without the business prompting them to do so. Celebrities are sometimes used as a word-of-mouth strategy, but that is not true of this example. Inconspicuous word-of-mouth marketing is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PR:319
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2016). Word-of-mouth advertising. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/word-of-mouth-advertising
91. C
Asking for referrals. Referral programs help businesses get leads on new business from existing customers. One way to obtain a referral is by asking existing clients/customers. The travel agency is more likely to obtain referrals by offering incentives to clients because the clients get something in return. The travel agent is not bribing a vendor or promoting a charitable cause. There is not enough information provided to determine if the travel agent earns a commission.
SOURCE: PR:277
SOURCE: Lewis, K. (2012, February 2). Five steps to generating better business referrals. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/kernlewis/2012/02/02/five-steps-togenerating-better-business-referrals/
92. D
Product placement. For the audience, the billboard is an example of product placement. Product placement is the inclusion or mention of a product in a movie or television show. InterContinental would have paid to have the billboard featured in the new movie. For the actors, the billboard is out-of-home advertising. Personal selling involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Special events are planned activities used to generate sales.
SOURCE: PR:323
SOURCE: Neer, K. (1998-2016). How product placement works. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/product-placement.htm/printable
93. A
Elements in advertisements. The headline, illustrations, copy, and signature are the main elements in advertisements. It is important that all of the elements be coordinated to create an effective ad that will attract readers. One way to coordinate the elements is to make sure that they promote the same theme. The intent is for each element to reinforce the others and strengthen the message of the ad. Making sure that the headline, illustrations, and copy promote the same theme is not an example of coordinating principles of design, channels of communication, or arrangements in print.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 423-428). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Community outreach activities. When hospitality and tourism businesses participate in community outreach activities, local residents learn of their participation often because of media coverage. As a result of the media exposure, local residents may become loyal customers because they appreciate what the businesses are doing for the community. For example, if businesses donate a percentage of sales to local charities, residents are encouraged to buy from those businesses because the money is going back to the community. Businesses do not build customer loyalty by participating in service-quality programs, marketing research studies, or industry-related meetings.
SOURCE: PR:341
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 134-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. C
Business services and policies. By establishing desirable business policies and services, a company provides an environment which helps to build a loyal clientele and to create goodwill. Quality maintenance and repair, clear warranties and guarantees, and written instruction manuals are all examples of business policies or services that cultivate client loyalty.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115 Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
96. A
Increase personal efficiency. Because laptop computers are portable, salespeople can access them at any time to write sales-call reports, check inventory levels, track leads, develop professional contacts, follow up on orders, etc. This increases a salesperson's personal efficiency level because s/he does not need to go back to the office or go home to complete tasks associated with the selling function. Using a laptop computer to track leads, write sales-call reports, and check inventory levels does not help a salesperson to motivate sales-support staff, develop personal contacts, or evaluate sales incentives.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Duggan, T. (2016). How to use computers to increase management efficiency. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/use-computers-increasemanagement-efficiency-41334.html
97. D
Facts. Facts are true statements. During the selling process, a salesperson must carefully communicate product information to customers, so that the customers do not confuse the facts about a product with the salesperson's opinion. For example, when a salesperson says, "This product is the best item on the market," s/he is expressing an opinion rather than stating a fact. If a customer purchases the product on the basis of this statement, and finds that the item does not work properly, the salesperson and the business might be liable for misrepresenting the product. Skills are abilities to perform tasks that are developed through knowledge, training, and practice. Incompetence is inability to do a task correctly, and indifference is an attitude.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: The State of Queensland. (2016). Knowing your products and services. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from https://www.business.qld.gov.au/business/running/salescustomer-service/sales-skills/knowing-products-services
98. C
Physiological. Physiological needs are the basic human desires needed to sustain life and the first level of needs in Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs. These basic needs include the need for food, water, and shelter. People are motivated to buy the products they need to live before they consider buying other products. Once people satisfy their basic needs, they are motivated to buy products to satisfy security needs, esteem needs, and finally, self-actualization needs.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: NetMBA.com. (2010). Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Retrieved September 27, 2016, from http://www.netmba.com/mgmt/ob/motivation/maslow/
99. A
Makes shopping easier and faster. This is a customer benefit of the use of substitute selling. Substitute selling benefits the business by completing sales that would have been lost if an acceptable substitute had not been suggested to the customer. Increased sales result in increased profits. The business's reputation is also enhanced when efforts are made to satisfy customers' needs with substitutes when the requested product is not available.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: SE LAP 111 Get Specific (Recommending Specific Product)
100. B
Strategic planning. Strategic planning is long-range planning (three to five years) for the company as a whole. Strategic planning is one of the major responsibilities for top-level managers. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year) and is usually the responsibility of middle management. Day-to-day planning is the responsibility of first-line, or supervisory, management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1151
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. B
The environment from damaging actions. Environmental law encompasses state and federal laws and regulations that protect the air, water, wilderness, and other aspects of the environment from damaging actions by companies and the public. Environmental law is not intended to protect people or corporations from the environment. It is also not intended to protect corporations from the government.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Clean Water Partners. (2008). What is environmental law? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.cleanwaterpartners.org/environmental-law.html
2. D
Corporation. A corporation would benefit the partners by allowing them to have limited liability and greater financial power by issuing stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons who combine the capital, but the partners have unlimited financial liability. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who has limited capital and unlimited liability. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
Health and safety. Hotels that do not maintain a safe and clean environment increase the risk of injuries and illness to guests and employees. Governments develop regulations for hospitality businesses (e.g., hotels) to follow in order to protect the general public from injury, disease, and unethical business activities. The general population does not engage in advertising practices or trade and licensing agreements, businesses and governments do. Businesses and individuals do not earn profits through taxation.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Stone, J. (2016). How OSHA regulations affect the hotel business. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/osha-regulations-affect-hotel-business-67443.html
4. B
Wholesaler. A wholesaler is an intermediary who helps to move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers (e.g., specialty shops). The retailers then sell the goods to the end users or ultimate consumers. Agents are intermediaries who assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. An industrial user is a business that buys materials, services, or goods, which it uses to make other goods or uses for company operations.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Channel management; promotion. It is important for a business (e.g., tour-bus company) to coordinate its promotional efforts with its channel members (e.g., travel agencies) so they know that the products (e.g., tours) are available for the end users (e.g., tourists) to purchase. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Selling is the marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data to assist business decision making. Pricing is the marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers’ perceptions of value. Product/Service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 10-11, 12-17, 44-45]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
6. A
Employee handbook. Businesses often develop employee handbooks that provide information about their general policies and procedures. For example, a business might outline overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they first start their jobs. Productivity manuals, customer newsletters, and personnel records are not sources that workers use to obtain information about a company's general policies and procedures for employees.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2013). Entrepreneurship (pp. 400-401). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
7. D
Present facts that support your point of view. Because others may have questions or concerns about your idea, you should be prepared to defend those ideas by providing supporting information. By having facts to support your idea, others are more likely to accept your idea and put it into action. Telling another person that his/her opinion is illogical and refuting everything the other person says are not actions that help you objectively and respectfully defend your idea. In fact, these actions may offend the other person. Using dramatic gestures may indicate your enthusiasm about your idea but does not demonstrate why your idea is good and should be implemented.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Henry, A. (2013, October 30). How to find evidence to support any argument. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://lifehacker.com/how-to-find-evidence-to-support-any-argument-1454627815
8. C
Attractive visuals. The use of attractive visuals often enhances an oral presentation because visuals make the information easier to understand. Also, visuals attract attention and help to keep the audience focused on the message. Having charts, graphs, photographs, or slides helps to make the presentation more interesting to the audience. Employees do not include written notes, detailed instructions, or coffee breaks to make oral presentations more interesting to the audience.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Kissmetrics. (2016). 6 types of visual content you need to use in your marketing campaigns. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https://blog.kissmetrics.com/visual-content-you-need-to-use-in-your-marketing-campaign/
9. D
Take notes. Important information often is presented during business meetings. Employees attending the meetings may want to share the information with other employees. To do this effectively, they often take notes so they have a written version of the oral presentation. By taking notes, employees can keep a record of important information that will enable them to share it accurately. Asking questions and giving answers will not enable employees to share important information with other employees. If they are writing memos, they may not be paying attention to the information that is being presented.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Hughes, M. (2013, December 2). Make the minutes work: How to take effective notes during a meeting. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://wwww.makeuseof.com/tag/make-the-minutes-work-how-to-take-effective-notes-during-a-meeting/
10. C
Not be longer than 10% of the full report. An executive summary gives an overview of a full document. They should not go beyond 10% of the length of the full report. They give a condensed version of a report, not an expanded one. They should not exceed 10 pages. They are generally read before reading the report or instead of reading the report.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bird, B. (2016). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_16566_write-executive-summary.html.
11. D
Think about what they want to say before they say it. Employees should be able to express themselves to their coworkers. However, they should always think about what they want to say before saying it so that they do not cause problems or misunderstandings. Legitimate complaints or problems about the job should be discussed with the supervisor, not coworkers. Rumors and gossip should not be passed on to coworkers as they may not be true and could cause harm. A nondirective approach is best in communicating with angry coworkers as it helps to defuse their anger.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Colan, L. (2014, March 26). Think before you speak. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/lee-colan/think-before-you-speak.html
12. A
Attitude of employees. The attitude that employees project towards customers has a significant effect on the type of relationship that businesses develop with customers. Employees who are friendly, polite, and helpful to customers help a business to establish and maintain positive customer relations. On the other hand, employees who appear bored and ignore customers make a poor impression and may damage a business's relations with its customers. Location of suppliers, behavior of competitors, and condition of associates are not factors that affect a business's relations with its customers.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Peopleink. (2012, November 1). Psychology at work: Happy employees give better customer service. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http:/Awww.peopleink.com/blog/psychology-at-work-happy-employees-give-better-customer-service/
13. D
Facebook. The ethics of big data are a major issue for Internet companies that have the ability to collect data from millions of users each day, such as Facebook, Amazon, or Google. Businesses such as the NFL, Main Street Diner, and the Ford Motor Company may deal with big data, but they do not face the ethical responsibilities of big data in the same way a company like Facebook does.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: CRLAP 17—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
14. D
Improve customer service. Being able to quickly deliver products to customers often results in improved customer service. Some businesses are able to do this by providing online distribution, depending on the nature of the products. For example, some magazines and newspapers distribute online versions of their publications that consumers can access free or on a subscription basis. Other businesses sell software online that customers can download immediately. The advantage of online distribution is that customers can obtain products at their convenience, which often improves service. Online distribution does not necessarily eliminate warehousing because the business may sell other products that cannot be delivered in that manner. Online distribution does not speed up the billing process or reduce the cost of advertising.
SOURCE: DS:029
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2016). Methods of distributing a product. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/methods-distributing-product-45501.html
15. A
A product purchased by individuals for personal use. Individuals who purchase and use goods or services to satisfy their own wants and needs are called ultimate consumers. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items purchased by businesses for use in their operations. Convenience products are consumer goods (e.g., milk) that are purchased quickly without much thought or effort. Whether products can be used repeatedly refers to product durability.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
16. D
Increase. A decrease in supply without a corresponding decrease in demand will result in an increase in the price of an item. This may create a seller's market in which demand is so great that consumers will buy regardless of high prices.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. C
How will these goods and services be produced? Each economic system must explain what goods and services will be produced, how these goods and services will be produced, and for whom these goods and services will be produced. Economic systems do not have to answer the questions of how much money goods and services will make, how long goods and services will last, or how many goods and services will sell.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
18. C
Improving worker efficiency. The more efficiently workers produce, the more likely the business is going to make added profits. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in a business. Cutting workers’ hours would reduce expenses, but it would not necessarily increase profits. Increasing sales quotas would only increase profits if salespeople are able to meet the higher quotas without added expense. Not all businesses qualify for a subsidy, which is a form of government support.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
19. D
Spend her money. If consumers do not go out and spend, businesses have less revenue to bounce back during a recession. Businesses will then lay off more employees who, in turn, will spend less, and the recession will deepen. Saving, collecting or earning money will keep it from being reinvested in the economy, thereby not helping the economy to grow.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Whitney, M. (2013, February 4). Want to fix the economy? Spend more money. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.counterpunch.org/2013/02/04/want-to-fix-the-economy-spend-more-money/
20. A
Limited technology. Whenever one country specializes in and produces the goods or services at which it is relatively most efficient, the country has a comparative advantage. This advantage can result from climatic conditions, availability of natural resources, a skilled labor force, advanced technology, modern machines and equipment, etc.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (Global Trade)
21. A
Pegged. In a pegged currency system, the nation's currency value is fixed to the value of something else, usually another country's currency. A government may peg its currency to another country's currency as a way to stabilize it and to make trade between the two countries simpler and smoother. Small or emerging economies often use a pegged currency system. In a free-floating currency system, the currency exchange rate is determined by the unimpeded interaction of supply and demand in the foreign exchange market with no government intervention. Speculative and decentralized are not types of currency systems.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: EC LAP 30—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
22. C
"I do not put off for tomorrow what I can do today." This is a positive affirmation because it incorporates an avenue to complete things on time. Affirmations are positive statements about present or desired strengths. The other examples are negative statements.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Sasson, R. (2016). The power of affirmations. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.successconsciousness.com/index_O00000a.htm
23. B
Dishonest. What Jamie is doing is wrong because it is stealing. The money in the petty cash fund belongs to the business and is meant to be used to buy small items the business may need. Taking this money is unethical, dishonest, and unacceptable, and Jamie is likely to be fired if caught. Her behavior is not reasonable, impartial, or justified.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Duff, V. (2016). Examples of unethical behavior in the workplace. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-unethical-behavior-workplace-10092. html
24. C
Sometimes misunderstood. There is no "dictionary of signals" for body language. Nonverbal communication cannot be precise, which means that the recipient may not receive the message that the speaker intends to convey. In some cases, the body language seems to contradict what the speaker is saying. Expressing oneself through body language is not hard to learn because we all use some forms of it instinctively. It can be more effective in some situations than verbal communication.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 359-362]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
25. C
Combative. A person who uses the combative negotiating style considers only her/his interests and is ready to fight to achieve a desired outcome at any cost. This negotiating style is appropriate to use when the relationship is not important and you won't see the other person again. When a person uses the accommodating negotiating style, s/he agrees to a certain course of action that benefits someone else, even though s/he does not equally benefit from the transaction. A person who uses the collaborative negotiating style wants an outcome in which everyone is satisfied. Compromising is not a negotiating style but a tactic that involves giving on some points and gaining on others.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
26. C
To be patient and persistent. Lucy must remember to be patient and persistent when working toward her goals. Not being able to get the right paint is a setback that's out of her control. She needs to work around the problem and find a solution. In this scenario, Lucy does not need to ask for feedback, demonstrate leadership, or reward herself for her accomplishments.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
27. C
Indicate why the change is necessary. A change leader is someone who has the ability to guide or direct others with the intention to transform or alter something. So that people will go along with the change and not resist it, they need to know why the change is necessary. Once the change leader explains why the change is necessary, s/he can recruit others to help plan the change, communicate how the change will be implemented, and make the change happen.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: Hyacinth, B. (2015, July 15). How to be an effective change leader. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https:/Avww.linkedin.com/pulse/how-effective-change-leader-brigette-hyacinth
28. B
Collaborative. The goal-setting process should be collaborative. When coaches and coachees work together to come up with goals, the coachees are more likely to feel personally invested. The goal-setting process should not be solitary or vague. Instead, it's important to be as specific as possible. The goal-setting process does not have to be complex.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: El LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
29. C
Listen to other people's opinions. Respectful people listen to other people's opinions. They do not argue with people, interrupt them when they speak, or avoid eye contact.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
30. A
Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services when they are needed. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Credit enables people to purchase when products are needed and pay for them over a period of time, which is the key reason that credit is used. Credit is not a factor in leveling out income. Ultimately, income must pay for the credit purchases and cannot be stretched. Credit must be repaid.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit ls Due (Credit and Its Importance)
31. B
Will. A will is a legal document that outlines how a person wishes his/her assets to be distributed once s/he dies. If Margot wants to be sure that her sister receives her assets, she should set up a will. Retirement funds, college savings funds, and bank accounts do not guarantee that Margot's assets will be given to her sister.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Williams, G. (2014, September 19). 70 steps to writing a will. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/articles/2014/09/19/10-steps-to-writing-a-will
32. A
Gross wages. Gross wages are the total income earned for the pay period before income taxes and other deductions are subtracted from the wages. Net pay is the amount of money that the worker receives after the taxes and other deductions have been subtracted from his/her wages. Year-to-date gross earnings are an employee's total gross pay from the beginning of the calendar year to a specific pay period. Year-to-date net income or net pay is an employee's total net pay from the beginning of the calendar year to a specific pay period.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Pay Stubs. (2016). Sample pay stub. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.pay-stubs.com/sample-pay-stub/
33. D
Risk-averse. A person with a negative attitude toward risk is called risk-averse. Being risk-averse does not necessarily make a person paranoid (suspicious, distrustful). A person with a positive attitude toward risk is called risk-tolerant. A risk-tolerant person is more likely to be dauntless (fearless).
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
34. A
Current assets. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Inventory and accounts receivable are categorized as current or short-term assets because the levels of inventory and income from sales tend to fluctuate. Owner's equity is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses. Long-term assets are items of value—buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment—that businesses use to generate revenue for more than a year. Current liabilities are debts that must be paid within a year.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 73). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
35. A
An online networking method for recruitment purposes. Human resources managers often use websites such as LinkedIn to connect and network with business associates, as well as former managers and coworkers. Using this method of recruiting, human-resources managers hope that their networking connections will provide information about job seekers who might be qualified for various job openings with the company. William is not using the company intranet to interview job candidates, a database to perform employee reviews, or the company blog to hire recent college graduates.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Healthfield, S.M. (2016, August 11). Use Linkedin to recruit employees. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://numanresources.about.com/od/recruiting/a/recruit_linked.htm
36. D
Implementing procedures to protect the privacy of survey respondents. Taking steps to protect the privacy of survey respondents is an ethical action. Manipulating feedback, distributing personal information without permission, and using complex email opt-out processes are unethical behaviors.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
37. D
Determine if it should enter another market. Hospitality and tourism businesses collect marketing information for many reasons. In the situation provided, the hotel is gathering information about a different market segment (entertainment seekers) rather than the market that it currently serves (business and convention). Therefore, the hotel chain is most likely reviewing the information to determine if it wants to enter another market. The information that the hotel chain is collecting does not include customer feedback, so it is not evaluating its existing market's satisfaction levels with its services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the chain's sales have decreased. Businesses use a SWOT analysis to evaluate their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. The chain will likely evaluate its potential competitors to determine the feasibility of an expansion; however, the information that the chain is currently collecting does not contain information about competitors.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Netigate. (2016). 7 reasons to conduct your own market research. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.netigate.net/blog/conduct-your-own-market-research/
38. A
Research problems. A decision problem may be translated into several research problems, questions that ask what information is needed to solve the decision problem. Decision problems cannot be translated into secondary data, other decision problems, or situation analyses.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 282—What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
39. A
Descriptive research. Descriptive research is often referred to as statistical research since it deals with quantitative results. Although these results are often represented numerically, descriptive research is not called numerical research. Exploratory research deals with qualitative results, which are based on thoughts, feelings, opinions, etc. Causal research tests hypotheses and focuses on cause and effect; it is often referred to as conclusive research.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: IM LAP 284—Better by Design (Marketing Research Designs)
40. C
They tend to be accurate and reliable. Personal interviews tend to be very accurate and reliable because the researcher is sitting down one-on-one with the respondent and can ask follow-up questions, clarify responses, etc. The interviews are usually quite in depth, rather than superficial. Personal interviews can be costly to conduct, and it is often difficult to find willing respondents to participate in them.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: IMLAP 17—Hunting and Gathering (Data-Collection Methods)
41. D
The local chamber of commerce. Many local chambers of commerce post tourism information on their websites. The sites post different types of statistics—from occupancy rates of lodging facilities and the demographic characteristics of typical visitors to the number of cars that drive the toll roads during vacation season. This type of information helps travel agents to determine the best destinations for travel clients. It may also help convention planners to determine the optimal site for a trade show or business meeting. The Farmer's Almanac provides long-range weather forecasts. The Transportation Security Administration is a government agency that protects the nation's transportation systems. The American Marketing Association is a professional organization for individuals who work in the field of marketing.
SOURCE: IM:423
SOURCE: Cape Cod Chamber of Commerce. (2016). Tourism statistics. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.ecapechamber.com/cape-cod-chamber-tourism-statistics.asp
42. D
The resort's peak season occurred during the second quarter. Successful hospitality businesses monitor their sales data on a continuous basis. Monitoring sales data helps resorts to identify trends and selling cycles, establish sales forecasts, and determine if they are meeting their sales objectives. The provided sales information reveals a substantial sales increase during the second quarter, which indicates that this is the resort's peak season. This is likely due to higher resort occupancy rates, and the purchase of more ski passes and ski rentals during the winter months, when guests stay at the resort to snow ski. There is not enough information provided to determine if the resort is experiencing financial problems or if it did not meet its annual sales objectives. Total sales for the year were $2,369,427 ($652,276 + $947,550 + $423,835 + $345,766 = $2,369,427). The first and third quarter sales were $1,076,111 ($652,276 + $423,835 = $1,076,111). Half of the annual sales would be $1,184,713.50 ($2,369,427 + 2 = $1,184,713.50). Therefore, the combined sales for the first and third quarters did not exceed half of the year's annual sales.
SOURCE: IM:426
SOURCE: Abbott, M. (2014, May 25). Why monitor your sales statistics. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.melinaabbott.com/why-monitor-your-sales-statistics/
43. C
3. Mode is the value or number that appears the most often. It is the response given by the most people. In this example, the most people (93) said that they fly three times a year. Therefore, three is the number or value that appears the most often.
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
44. B
One variable increases as the other variable decreases. The correlation coefficient, r, ranges from -1 to +1. A correlation coefficient of -1 > r > 0 tells the reader that as variable X increases, variable Y decreases. When the two variables tend to increase or decrease together, the correlation coefficient is 0 > r > 1. When two variables do not vary together at all, the correlation coefficient is r = 0. When there is perfect correlation between two variables, r = 1.
SOURCE: IM:370
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Correlation coefficient. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www. investopedia.com/terms/c/correlationcoefficient.asp
45. B
Businesses tend to focus on personal selling rather than promotion. B2B marketing involves selling goods and services to other businesses and organizations. Effective B2B marketers understand that businesses’ needs and wants differ from final consumers. B2B marketing tends to focus on personal selling. This is because businesses often purchase complex or expensive equipment for their operations. In addition, after-the-sale service is important to businesses because they often need installation, repair, and maintenance services for their purchases. Business purchases often involve multiple decision makers. Professional buyers—those who purchase goods and services for businesses/organizations— tend to have extensive knowledge about the products that they buy and sell. Consumers, on the other hand, must often seek information from their peers or experts.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: MK LAP 6—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
46. C
Economic. In a time of economic uncertainty, companies look for substitute goods and services such as teleconferencing instead of holding a meeting or having one national meeting instead of several regional meetings. The competition factor in the travel environment refers to competition within the travel industry itself. Regulations in the travel industry do not affect the drug industry. Technology has made teleconferencing possible but does not affect the substitution of regional meetings for national meetings.
SOURCE: MK:013
SOURCE: Ninemeier, J.D., & Perdue, J. (2008). Discovering hospitality and tourism: The world's greatest industry (2nd ed.) [p. 73]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
47. B
They vary from business to business. Marketing-plan formats vary from business to business, based on the type of business and its specific products and needs. There are no hard-and-fast rules concerning the spaces in the document, the inclusion of charts and graphs (though they are helpful), or the order in which the components appear (though executive summary almost always comes first).
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: MP LAP 7—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
48. A
Age and life cycle. Baby boomers were born between 1946 and 1964. Baby boomers, therefore, represent people of a particular age range that is aging. Many baby boomers are empty nesters, and they have the money and time to travel. Art appeals to males and females; therefore, gender was not used as a basis for segmentation. Although the tour group will experience different cultures, personalities, and geographies, those were not used as the basis for market segmentation.
SOURCE: MP:035
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 202]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
49. D
"The truth about commercial interest rate increases." When you place quotes around a phrase or title in the search field, the search engine will show results only for those websites containing that exact phrase. Placing a dash in front of the word means that you do not want the word included in the search. Placing an underscore between words and parentheses around the phrase is less likely to retrieve the exact results desired.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google. (2016). Search operators. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en
50. A
Practices. An MIS (management information system) is a form of technology that assists with a business's information management needs. It involves people, processes, and practices. It may or may not involve payroll or financial statements. An MIS helps with managing information, but it cannot make decisions for a business.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
51. B
Change a phrase that appears several times in a long document to another phrase. The find-and-replace function allows computer users to make changes to their documents quickly. This function is beneficial when working with large documents that contain multiple words or phrases that need to be changed. The track-changes function enables computer users to track and record the changes that they make to a document. The spelling-and-grammar check scans the document to identify spelling and grammatical errors. The translate function translates the document's default language to another language, which appears in an adjacent window near the source document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Schwartz, S. (2013, April 23). Getting started with Word 2013: Finding and replacing text. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.peachpit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=2044335&seqNum=8
52. A
Database. A database program allows the organized collection of information with pieces of information related to one another. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information. Spreadsheets, word-processing software, and computer-aided design do not perform the functions required by the hotel.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (n.d.). What is a database? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
53. D
Daily sales receipts. A business maintains receipts for each sales transaction it processes. Sales receipts provide the business with different types of information including which products were purchased, the dollar volume of sales for a particular day, the form of payment used, and the number of customers who purchased items. Quarterly credit statements, cash balances, and inventory status records will not provide the gift shop with the desired information.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Nelson, S. (2016). How to record a sale or payment. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/software/business-software/quickbooks/how-to-record-a-sale-or-payment/
54. C
Aid decision making. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. Businesses often base business decisions on statistical information. For example, a business may obtain statistical information that indicates a product is not selling well. Based on the statistical information, the business may decide to phase out or stop making the product. Or, if statistical information indicates that the demand for the product exceeds the available supply of the product, the business may decide to increase production. Businesses use promotional activities to influence people to buy their products. Although analyzing statistical information might spark an employee's creativity (e.g., for problem-solving purposes), it is not a primary reason for interpreting it.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Bianca, A. (2016). The advantage of statistics in business. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-statistics-business-1 8698. html
55. C
Adventure. The hospitality industry is developing ways to accommodate niche markets. Trends indicate that many niche markets are growing. Some of these markets include the baby boomers, health conscious people, and adventure travelers. Adventure travelers include people who enjoy nature and often enjoy taking risks. Adventure travelers enjoy activities such as skydiving, mountain biking, and race car driving. Geotourism (or environmental tourism) refers to a market that is interested in unique or threatened outdoor environments, such as the rainforest. Agriculture enthusiasts are members of a niche market called the agritourists and often visit working farms.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Hospitality Leaders. (2013, August 26). Adventure travel market up 65% per annum since 2009. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https:/www.hospitality.pro/news/adventure-travel-market-up-65-per-annum-since-2009/
56. D
Reduced wages or benefits. Minimizing expenses to boost profitability may result in reduced wages or benefits for workers. It should not result in higher taxes or higher product quality. It may or may not create a situation in which a business would have to pay government fines.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: OP LAP 190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
57. A
Safe work environment. Businesses usually develop procedures and policies for employees to follow in order to maintain a safe work environment. One policy might involve the type of clothing that employees are permitted to wear on the job. Depending on the type of work, employees may be required to wear certain types of shoes or clothing that cover their arms and legs. Employees may not be allowed to wear clothing that might get tangled up in equipment. The intent is to keep the work environment safe for employees. Businesses do not require employees to wear appropriate clothing to maintain a comfortable atmosphere, an industrial image, or a sanitary facility.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: State of California Department of Industrial Relations. (2016). Creating and maintaining a safe work environment. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.dir.ca.gov/smallbusiness/CreatingandMaintainingaSafeWorkEnvironment.htm
58. D
Employees. Because employees work for the business, they are an internal resource the business can use to complete a project. Vendors (suppliers), customers, and intermediaries (supply-chain channel members) are external resources.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: Benjamin, T. (2016). External & internal environmental factors influencing HR activities. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/external-internal-environmental-factors-influencing-hr-activities-34745.html
59. A
The assigned employee schedules a one-week vacation. Project planners need to consider many variables when estimating the actual length of time it will take to complete certain tasks. If the employee assigned to perform the task will be unavailable because of a scheduled vacation, the project planner should allot additional time. In this situation, the task can be completed in 50 hours; but the assigned employee who works a 40-hour week will be on vacation for one week. Therefore, the employee will be able to work on the task for one 40-hour week, be away for one week, and work on the project for 10 hours the third week for a total of 50 hours. Observing a one-day national holiday will reduce the amount of available time by eight hours which would still provide 72 hours in two weeks to perform the task. Flexible 40-hour schedules total 80 hours in two weeks. A two-day weekend meeting will not take away time from the regular 40-hour week.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 165-185]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
60. B
By identifying consumers' needs and wants. A wide variety of marketing-research data is available from libraries, government agencies, and trade publications. Or, the business can conduct its own research. The data can help the business to produce products that consumers need or want and are willing to buy. Determining how products will be produced is a planning step that involves deciding what equipment will be needed, the number of workers, and the time required. Identifying the resources needed in production is part of the purchasing function. Setting the timetable to be used in production is part of scheduling.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: SoloRio, K. (2012, October 10). How to use market research for identifying customer needs. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://blog. marketresearch.com/blog-home- page/bid/183748/How-to-Use-Market-Research-for-Identifying-Customer-Needs
61. D
Cost-based pricing. Determining how much it costs to make a product and adding a predetermined markup is a method known as cost-based pricing. Price-based costing is determining how much customers will pay for a product, and then whittling down costs so the business can still make a profit. Economies of scale are cost savings created by increased levels of production. Gross profit is a company's revenue after subtracting the costs of the products it has sold.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: OP LAP 9—Watch Your (Over) Head (Operating Costs)
62. C
To contact all guest rooms. To increase the safety of their guests, many hotels have installed automated systems to assist with fire control and fire emergencies. One feature of most automated systems is that they are able to contact all guest rooms and notify the occupants of the fire emergency. These systems usually provide specific instructions as to how to safely exit the hotel. Another feature of most systems is that they automatically close the fire doors in an attempt to control the spread of fire. These systems do not identify hazardous materials or prevent bomb threats.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Gunewardane, R. (2013, April 25). Ensuring guest safety in hotels. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4060426. html
63. C
Limit shore tours to ones approved by the cruise line. Cruise lines conduct extensive research and planning to determine the best route and destination points. The companies are familiar with many of the local tour and transportation services at the ports of call, and not all of them meet the standards of service and ethical responsibility that the cruise line or traveler expects. Therefore, tourists should use tour companies that are approved or recommended by the cruise line. This recommendation also applies to any transportation service (e.g., bus or taxi). Valuables, such as jewelry, should be locked in a safe on the ship to reduce the chance of theft onboard the ship or while on shore. For safety measures, a tourist should travel in organized groups instead of alone while on shore.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Royal Caribbean Cruises. (2016). Safety, security & health. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.rclcorporate.com/safety-security-health/
64. B
Outcomes. Results-oriented goals look to the outcome—and the performance that brings about that outcome. They are not necessarily tied to time. They may or may not involve issues with money or with people.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
65. A
Reverse brainstorming. Reverse brainstorming is a problem-solving method that is helpful when you can't seem to get anywhere with the other tools. Instead of brainstorming possible solutions, you think of all the things that could make the problem worse. At the end of the session, you explore each negative statement to see if you can find new ideas for improvement. The seven-step method requires problem solvers to follow a specific process for solving problems. Brainstorming is a problem-solving method in which members of a group throw out possible solutions to the problem. Finding the root of the problem is a simple method that identifies the source of the problem so it can be fixed. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 77—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
66. C
Neighborhood businesses. Local companies where teenagers and their families do business often are good sources for first jobs. Local businesses, such as grocery stores and independent retailers, often hire teenagers on a part-time basis to work after school hours, on weekends, and during summer vacations. These businesses frequently are willing to hire the teenagers who are members of their community. Most employment agencies do not work with people looking for entry-level jobs. Teenagers usually don't find their first jobs with national corporations unless those corporations have local offices. Community training programs are intended to help train teenagers for jobs.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2016). Tips for teens: How to find your first real job. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https://www.livecareer.com/quintessential/teen-first-job
67. D
Education. The education section of a résumé contains information other than high schools, technical schools, and colleges attended. It is appropriate to include in that section information about any additional training, special licenses or certificates received, and job-related awards and honors. This information is considered to be part of your educational background. The career goals section explains the type of job you are seeking. The experience section describes your work background. The personal data section lists your name, address, phone number, etc.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Peterson's. (2013, January 29). Career planning: Resume writing—honors, awards, and accomplishments. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https:/Awww.petersons.com/college-search/career-planning-resume-honors.aspx#/sweeps-modal
68. A
Director of convention and visitors bureau. The travel and tourism career area includes job titles like director of convention and visitors bureau. Director of recreation and parks, concession manager, and museum conservator are all job titles that fall under recreation, amusements, and attractions.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: PD LAP 22—Career Opportunities in Hospitality and Tourism
69. C
The chamber of commerce because local chapters are often involved in special sales-promotion events. A chamber of commerce is a business alliance organization that consists of members from different types of businesses, typically from the same community or region. The purpose of the National Restaurant Association is to provide services to the restaurant industry at the national level and is not involved with local events. The same is true with the Hospitality and Tourism Association. The mall, while possibly being involved with the summer festival, is more concerned with bringing customers to the mall and not just to the restaurant, if the restaurant is located within the mall.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives. (2016). What is a chamber? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.acce.org/whatisachamber/
70. D
Join a professional trade association. Most segments within the hospitality industry (e.g., travel agents, hotels, restaurants, intermediaries) have organizations that provide information regarding research, education and promotion as well as current trends. Most organizations charge membership fees to belong. The fees can be used to develop programs and conduct research. Information can be communicated by meetings, seminars, newsletters and websites. These organizations also provide leverage and input regarding legislation pertaining to the hospitality industry. A motivational speaker might encourage the manager to succeed on the job but does not necessarily provide detailed industry- related information. Training manuals are written documents that outline procedures to complete tasks; they do not provide industry trends, education, and promotion information. An assessment consultant who evaluates staff does not necessarily have information regarding trends, education, and promotion within the hospitality industry.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: 4CTechnologies. (2013, November 5). Top 10 reasons to join a professional organization. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://blog.cccctech.com/top-10-reasons-to-join-a-professional-organization/
71. C
Poor image. Price gouging is a pricing practice that involves raising prices above market value when demand is high, and no alternative is available to consumers. A business that temporarily increases prices for goods (e.g., lumber, milk, medicine) during a crisis is behaving in an unethical and, in many jurisdictions, an illegal manner. When a business engages in price gouging activities, it runs the risk of losing credibility with the public, which can result in a poor image or damaged reputation. When a business has a poor public image, its customers often begin to buy products from the business's competitors, which can reduce the business's sales and profits.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 139-140, 537). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Bundle. When a travel business combines several travel products and sells them for one all-inclusive price, it is using a bundle product pricing strategy. Tour and travel businesses often bundle travel products (e.g., airfare, hotel accommodations, rental car) to encourage clients to buy travel products that they otherwise might not purchase. The price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. The lower price provides the travel client with an incentive to buy. The odd pricing strategy involves setting selling prices below even-dollar amounts to suggest a bargain. Prestige pricing involves deliberately putting an artificially high price on a good or service to suggest high quality and status. Captive pricing involves setting a price for support products that must be used with a main product. In many situations, the business sets a low price for the main product, and high prices for the support products.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 312]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
73. B
Market research. Market research is often used to aid product/service managers in gathering information concerning customer needs and preferences. This information can help managers to predict whether a new product will be successful before the firm makes a major investment. Product monitoring, on the other hand, takes place after a product is established in the market and after monies have been invested in a product. A company's goals influence the choice of products to offer and suggest ways for the business to grow and remain competitive, either by developing entirely new products or developing products similar to those being introduced by the competition. After products are introduced to the market, they move through life cycles—the courses that products follow in the market, including their introduction, growth, maturity, and decline.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
74. C
Customer's inquiry. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that consumers are willing to buy. In the situation described, the customer asked or inquired about a product (catering services) that the business (restaurant) did not have. By offering a new product that many customers want, the business could reach new markets and increase its sales and profits. The situation does not indicate that the manager complained, that the patron (Mrs. Barnhart) was dissatisfied, or that an employee offered the suggestion to the restaurant owner.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [p. 81]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
75. D
Screen. The screening process involves weeding out the feasible ideas from those that are unlikely to succeed. After the screening process, the tour operator selects, develops, tests, and implements the best tour idea(s).
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 248-249]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
76. B
Grades and standards. A system of grades and standards guarantees that products meet established criteria for quality, size, weight, and other variables. Grades and standards are frequently set by federal or state governments to reduce the need for consumers to inspect each item before making a purchase. Customers know that products will have nearly the same quality and characteristics regardless of which producer they come from. Warranties and guarantees promise that defective products will be repaired or replaced, or the purchase price refunded. Brands and packaging refer to the names of products and their wrappings or containers. Health and sanitation involve cleanliness.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
77. B
No, the name must be legally available for use. The business needs to make sure the brand name is not the property of another company since it is illegal to use another company's brand name. Brand names can be registered with the federal government in order to protect them, but this is not necessary in order to use a brand name that is legally available.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
78. D
Lodging. The core product in the hospitality industry is lodging, which involves providing overnight sleeping accommodations for guests. The various segments of the hospitality industry offer a range of accommodations including economy, full-service, and resort. Many properties also offer complementary products, such as entertainment, food service, and retailing; however, the main product is lodging. For example, an economy property that provides rooms is selling only the core product, while a resort that has many restaurants, nightly entertainment, and retail shops is selling the core product as well as complementary products.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Reynolds, M. (2016). Three categories of the hospitality industry. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-categories-hospitality-industry-58524.html
79. C
A product extension. A product extension involves adding a similar good or service to an existing product line or product category. In the example, the dinner cruise is the original boating service and the deep-sea fishing trip is the additional service or extension of the original product. Product bundling involves packaging two or more similar products together and selling them at a single price that is lower than if the customers purchase the items separately. Brand positioning is a branding strategy in which marketers create a certain image or impression of a brand as compared to those of competitors’ brands. A corporate brand is all of the combined customer impressions and experiences associated with a particular company.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Hirsh, L. (2016). What is product extension in marketing? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-extension-marketing-65988. html
80. C
 By playing follow the leader. Competing businesses within the same industry usually use quite similar promotional mixes because many of the factors affecting the promotional mix are the same for those businesses. Businesses also use the same promotional activities to prevent losing customers to competitors. Changing the distribution channel would not necessarily make the business more competitive. Reducing the promotional budget or trying not to outdo the competition would make the business less competitive.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PRLAP 1—Spread the Word (Nature of Promotional Mix)
81. B
It is a relatively affordable form of marketing. Internet marketing is a popular direct marketing choice because it can be more affordable than other direct marketing methods. It is also more flexible, more targeted, and more responsive than other direct marketing choices. It does not necessarily eliminate the need for other types of marketing. Direct marketing via the Internet does not involve face-to-face contact with customers, which is one of the reasons why it is so affordable.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Berry,T. (n.d.) Direct marketing fundamentals. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.mplans.com/articles/direct-marketing-fundamentals/
82. A
Search-engine friendly. Corporate blogs are typically used to draw attention to particular products and/or businesses. To attract readers to the blogs so that they learn about these products and businesses, the blogs must be search-engine friendly. Blog posts must contain key words and phrases that customers typically search for, and the links to these posts must appear early in search results. Rather than being updated once per month, effective corporate blogs are typically updated at least once per week. To appeal to a broad audience, corporate blogs should avoid jargon and technical language. Instead, effective blog posts tend to be easy to read and understand. A corporate blog does not have to be written exclusively by one author. Some of the most effective corporate blogs are written by multiple individuals with varying points of view and positions with their companies. Involving more than one author can prevent a blog from becoming bland and boring.
SOURCE: PR:281
SOURCE: Andersen, B. (2010, July 6). 10 SEO tips to make your blog search engine friendly. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http:/Awww.cision.com/us/2010/07/10-seo-tips-to-make-your-blog-search-engine-friendly/
83. D
albanytourismbureau.org. Businesses typically place online advertisements on websites that are most likely to attract their target audiences. Because the city's tourism bureau promotes tourist activities in and near the community, the amusement park is likely to reach more members of its target market on the tourism bureau's website than it is on library, legal, or catering websites.
SOURCE: PR:164
SOURCE: SEMrush Blog. (2013, April 25). Social media advertising: Reaching your target audience fast and easy. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https://www.semrush.com/blog/social-media-advertising-reaching-your-target-audience-fast-and-easy/
84. B
Detailed, accurate site map. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and displays a list of results. Businesses use search-engine optimization strategies to obtain a good position in the search results. The key to search engine optimization is designing and submitting web pages so that they can be found easily by search engine spiders. A simple, yet effective, way to optimize a website's ranking on the search engines is to develop a detailed, accurate site map that helps the spiders to quickly and easily locate information throughout the website. Extensive use of JavaScript and widespread HTML code works against search- engine optimization because these computer languages create barriers that spiders have difficulty bypassing. The age of a website usually has very little bearing on its ranking on search engines.
SOURCE: PR:361
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 178-179]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
85. C
Yellow. Yellow is a sunny color associated with good cheer. Red creates excitement, while blue and green create coolness and calmness.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: QSX Software Group. (2002-2015). Color wheel pro: Color meaning. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.color-wheel-pro.com/color-meaning.html
86. C
Personification. Personification is an effective technique that graphic artists use to draw attention to advertisements. This involves giving human qualities to objects or animals such as drawing a turtle to look like a tourist. Animation involves developing a series of drawings to create the illusion of movement when creating videos, commercials, and films. Since the example is a print advertisement, motion is not involved. Remediation is a supervisory activity that aims to correct employees’ inappropriate behavior and attitudes. Used for training purposes, simulation is an imitation of an actual or plausible situation that enables trainees to practice their behavior and responses under certain circumstances.
SOURCE: PR:322
SOURCE: Trend Hunter. (n.d.). 79 personified animal depictions. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.trendhunter.com/slideshow/personified-animal
87. B
Sponsoring a charitable event to raise funds for the area's hospital. Being involved in community activities can facilitate positive publicity for a business. Positive publicity is likely to create or reinforce a favorable image of the business with members of the local community. Supporting a controversial issue is likely to generate some negative publicity for the business. Launching an advertising campaign to introduce a new logo and developing a feature story for the employee newsletter are not activities that affect the well-being of the community. Therefore, those activities are less likely to generate a favorable image than sponsoring a charitable event that does affect the community.
SOURCE: PR:315
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 657]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. A
Donating books to local elementary schools. Literacy initiatives focus on helping people learn to read. Donating books to schools, libraries, and hospital waiting rooms are ways to support literacy initiatives. Providing a college scholarship is a way to support educational endeavors. An event to raise money for cancer research and sponsoring a blood drive are health-related causes.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 361-363]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
89. C
Determining how to take orders. During the planning phase of the website development process, the developer is making decisions that will impact the website's design. Deciding whether and how to take orders is one of those initial decisions that needs to occur. Writing copy, designing page layout, and ensuring compatibility of the website with browsers occur during the design phase of the process.
SOURCE: PR:328
SOURCE: Pawson, C. (2010, August 23). Website development process for newbies. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://ezinearticles.com/?VWVebsite-Development-Process-for-Newbies&id=4913903
90. C
Charitable causes. To reinforce a positive image and maintain goodwill with the public, a business's public-relations department often works with external organizations such as other local businesses, the media, and nonprofit organizations. Often, a business works with fundraising groups and nonprofit organizations to raise money for charitable causes such as homelessness, cancer research, and environmental issues. The public-relations department is responsible for reinforcing the corporate "brand" rather than the product brand. The business's marketing function is responsible for activities that relate to services and product branding. Organizational issues are internal factors that affect the business rather than the local community.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 361-363]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
91. A
Photos of the inn, breakfast menu, informational brochure, and press releases. Hospitality and tourism businesses develop and distribute press kits to members of the media, such as travel magazines. The purpose of the press kits is to provide tools to obtain publicity through various media outlets. The press kit should contain information about the business. In the example, the bed and breakfast inn might include interior and exterior photos of the inn, the breakfast menu, a print brochure, and press releases. It might also include the owner's business card, copies of published articles, feature-article ideas, a list of awards the inn has received, background information about the owners or the inn, etc. A bed and breakfast would not include recipe ideas, nor would it include a guest list because this would violate the guests' privacy. The inn might want to include a map of the area and a copy of the community newspaper in the press kit to provide information about the community surrounding the inn.
SOURCE: PR:226
SOURCE: Turner, H. (September 8, 2011). Developing a media kit for your bed and breakfast. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://chefforfeng.wordpress.com/2011/09/08/developing-a-media-kit-for-your-bed-and-breakfast/
92. C
Tactics. A promotional plan is a framework for the promotional activities of a business. A primary reason for developing a promotional plan is to create effective communication programs that will help the business achieve its marketing goals. A comprehensive promotional plan outlines the specific tactics or actions that the business will use to carry out its promotional strategies. Objectives are the desired outcomes that the business hopes to achieve by carrying out the various tactics. The budget is a tool that projects the expenses and income related to the promotional activities. The evaluation component describes how the business plans to measure the success of its promotional activities.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Small Business Notes. (n.d.). Promotion plan. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/marketing-your-business/promotion-plan.html
93. A
Coupon-redemption rate. Hospitality and tourism businesses use a variety of metrics to measure the performance of their promotions. Coupons are a form of sales promotion. A riverboat tour company can evaluate the effectiveness of its coupon sales promotion by calculating the number of redeemed coupons from a specific publication in relation to the publication's reach, which is the coupon-redemption rate, expressed as a percentage. If the redemption rate is low in relation to the ad-placement costs, the business may decide that it isn't worthwhile to advertise or place coupons in the publication in the future. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service, which is usually offered by the product's manufacturer. The riverboat tour company is not determining its market share in relation to its competitors. The click-through rate measures the number of times that website visitors click on an online advertisement on the Internet that automatically transports the visitors to the advertiser's web page. The business is not evaluating Internet activity.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Greenberg, K. (2014, February 25). Marketers increase coupons, but redemption down. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/220261/marketers-increase-coupons-but-redemption-down.html?edition=
94. B
Global positioning system. Global positioning systems (GPS) make it possible for drivers to determine their exact location and obtain accurate directions to destinations. Because outside salespeople usually have established meeting times with their clients, a GPS provides directions and routes that will get them to their destinations in the shortest amount of time and reduces the risk of getting lost. An electronic data interchange (EDI) is used to place orders, invoice, or provide shipping information. An electronic data interchange, an automated personal planner, and business analysis software are not forms of technology that outside salespeople use to obtain directions to their destinations.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Garmin. (2016). What is GPS? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGPS/
95. C
Accurate. Acquiring product information makes sales presentations more accurate because salespeople know exactly what they're talking about. This doesn't necessarily mean the sales presentation will be more exciting or simpler. Incredible means "unbelievable"—salespeople generally want their sales presentations to be credible.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
96. D
Patronage. People buy goods and services for many reasons or motives. Patronage motives are reasons for buying that are based on loyalty to a particular business. Customers often are motivated to buy from a certain business because of price, quality, or service. Businesses encourage patronage motivation because loyal customers buy regularly, which helps the business remain competitive in the marketplace. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Patrick's buying motive is not based on testimonials, culture, or status.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: MbaSkool.com. (2016). Patronage motives. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.mbaskool.com/business-concepts/marketing-and-strategy-terms/12802-patronage-motives. html
97. B
Enables salesperson to obtain information from customers. Questioning helps the salesperson to obtain information which is needed to make successful, satisfying sales. Getting to know customers better helps salespeople to establish relationships with customers, get customers talking, satisfy customer needs, and evaluate their own selling skills. Questioning must be done carefully, however, as some questions could be offensive to customers. The customer, not the salesperson, makes the buying decision. The salesperson should learn about the business's needs from individuals within the business.
SOURCE: SE:111
SOURCE: SmartCompany. (2010, January 24). Why are questions so important in selling? Retrieved November 22, 2016, from http://www.smartcompany.com.au/marketing/sales/12993-20100125-why-do-we-ask-questions/
98. C
Persuading a customer to buy better quality, higher priced goods. This technique offers better service to the customer and higher profits to the store. Selling larger quantities and an assortment of goods are legitimate techniques of suggestion selling but are not trading-up. One should not use high-pressure methods because of the risk of offending customers and losing sales.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: SE LAP 110—Up the Ante (Suggestion Selling)
99. C
Point out specials. Many customers who say they are just looking are in the mood to buy but aren't sure what they want. Salespeople can point out special items that are unique or on sale in order to encourage customers to buy. Just-looking customers appreciate being told about special items and good bargains and may decide that one of those items is right for them. Salespeople should never ask personal questions. Following around customers who are just looking may irritate them and cause them to leave without buying. Customers who are just looking should not be left alone entirely, but the salesperson should check with them occasionally and be available to answer questions.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: The Retail Doctor. (2015, February 6). Retail selling tips. Retrieved November 22, 2016, from https://www.retaildoc.com/blog/retail-selling-tips-the-5-lies-customers-tell-you-and-how-to-sell-around-them
100. C
Setting policy. Most businesses have established policies and set standards by which the business is governed. Setting policy is a function of management, which is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling activities in order to achieve goals or objectives. Serving customers, stocking shelves, and preparing ads are different kinds of work carried out by a company's employees under the direction of management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1162
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. A
Paying a fine. Punishments for civil injuries or damages, such as a breach of contract, are usually financial. Fines differ in amount depending on the situation. Serving time in prison, performing community service, and attending counseling sessions are more likely to be consequences for a criminal offense.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163 Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. B
Rights of business. Many governmental agencies are responsible for enforcing rules and regulations that are intended to protect the rights of businesses. Some of these agencies help to keep the marketplace competitive and protect businesses' trade secrets and formulas from being stolen. The agencies often develop a strong relationship with businesses in the process of protecting their rights. Governmental agencies do not protect the barriers to trade, the target market, or the monetary policy.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Holt, M. (2010, June 11). Five areas of government regulation of business. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/five-areas-government-regulationbusiness-701.htmlHo
3. D
Reasonable care. When hospitality and tourism businesses act in a way that a reasonable hospitality and tourism business would have acted, the business exhibits reasonable care. If hospitality and tourism businesses can prove that they acted with reasonable care, they are not fined by the courts. Otherwise, the courts can find them guilty of negligence, and they would be charged a fine. It's not possible for hospitality and tourism businesses to avoid all risks. There is always the chance that something bad can happen. Hospitality and tourism businesses are not insurers of their customers nor do they take out insurance on each customer. Instead, they take out liability insurance that transfers risk to an insurance company. Hospitality and tourism businesses act so that they limit their responsibility for accidents.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Jefferies, J.P., & Brown, B. (2010). Understanding hospitality law (5th ed.) [pp. 139-141]. Lansing, MI: American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute.
4. B
Take notes of the speaker's most important comments. It's essential to be attentive when watching a presentation. Pay attention and take notes if necessary. You should avoid talking to your classmates during a presentation, even if you are whispering. You should contribute to the presentation if the presenter wants you to; this includes asking questions when they are called for. Although it is important to silence your smartphone during presentations, there are other more impactful ways to support the guest speaker, such as by taking notes of his/her most important comments.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Free Power Point Templates. (2012, October 1). Taking notes during a PowerPoint presentation. Retrieved September 12, 2017 from http://www.free-power-pointtemplates.com/articles/taking-notes-during-a-powerpoint-presentation/
5. C
Crossing his/her arms. Crossed arms are a gesture that commonly shows resistance or defensiveness. Smiling, making eye contact, and nodding are all gestures that indicate openness and positivity.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2017). Body language. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/Body_Language.htm
6. B
Attracts attention. An effective oral presentation immediately attracts the attention of the audience and keeps the listeners focused on the message. There are several ways that a person can begin a presentation in order to attract attention. Some examples include asking a question, offering something for free, or making a surprising announcement. People usually gather information and identify possible conflicts before developing an oral presentation. Not all presentations provide a time for discussion.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025 Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
7. D
Geographical map. Graphics typically add interest and make information easier to understand. Maps are often appropriate graphics to use when the topic at hand relates to geographical regions. Each region depicted on the map may be color-coded by the range of sales generated to support and clarify the sales data presented in a report. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Saylor Academy. (2012). Types of presentation aids. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://saylordotorg.github.io/text_stand-up-speak-out-the-practice-and-ethics-of-publicspeaking/s18-02-types-of-presentation-aids.html
8. D
Send a letter of inquiry to the vendor. Businesspeople write letters of inquiry to ask for information. Because the employee wants product specifications about equipment, s/he is most likely to get the needed information from the vendor or manufacturer. Submitting a quotation to management, writing a product review, and developing a cost/benefit analysis will not help the employee get the desired product information.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: eHow.com. (2017, April 17). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2048859_write-inquiry-letter.html
9. C
Target people who don't have time to read the full report. Executive summaries are written for people who don't have the time (or inclination) to read the full report. You should avoid using business jargon instead, write as clearly and simply as possible. The summary should be no more than 1/10the length of the full report. You do not need to include every point in your summary; instead, just cover the major points.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bird, B. (2017, April 17). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/how_16566_write-executive-summary.html
10. C
Informal. Simple written reports are usually informal and friendly in tone. They are intended to transmit information to business colleagues on a less formal basis than is used in complex written reports. Many simple reports take the form of internal memorandums, which are friendly and informal in tone. Complex written reports may be solemn in tone. Written reports should not be overly dramatic, and they should never be imprecise.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 453]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
11. B
Respond to customer inquiries. On a daily basis, companies should use their social platforms to respond to any customer inquiries that they receive. This helps to build a strong reputation and build customer relationships. While it would be great for Jenna to add 1,000 new followers every day, that might not be realistic, especially for a small boutique hotel. Engaging with community influencers is a strong social media strategy, but Jenna does not necessarily need to do so every day. Finally, defining a target audience is important, but it does not need to happen on a daily basis.
SOURCE: CO:193
SOURCE: Lee, K. (2017, June 23). The social media manager's daily, weekly, monthly checklist. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from https://blog.bufferapp.com/daily-social-media-checklist
12. C
Builds positive relationships with customers. A service orientation is the business philosophy of providing quality service. One way to do this is to communicate effectively with customers so they trust the business. The benefit of creating trust by providing accurate and credible information is that it tends to build positive relationships with customers. Customers often remain loyal to a business if they have confidence that the business will treat them well and provide quality service. The purpose of reinforcing service orientation through communication is not to promote the sale of new products, reward customers for their support, or encourage employees to be aggressive.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Ross, G. (1999-2017). Three communication tips to help maintain customer loyalty. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.allbusiness.com/three-communication-tipsto-help-maintain-customer-loyalty-2-6789119-1.html
13. B
Manufacturer. The manufacturer of the toaster did not ensure that it worked properly. Justified customer complaints result when manufacturers have not properly produced, designed, or labeled their products. Such problems are not the fault of the wholesaler who buys them from the manufacturer and sells them to the retailer, or of the salesperson who sells them to customers.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
14. C
Decreased quality of customer service. The costs of customer service training programs are a challenge for the hospitality and tourism industry, especially with high turnover rates. However, training is essential to customer service, and without it, quality is sure to suffer. Terminating a customer service training program is not likely to lead to an increased number of repeat customers, stronger financial standing, or more focus on efficiency.
SOURCE: CR:043
SOURCE: Freeman, R., & Glazer, K. (2015). Chapter 9: Customer service. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-9-customer-service
15. A
Offered the customer a restaurant gift card. One of the ways to recover from a negative experience with a customer is to make amends to the customer. Doing so can help encourage the customer to return to your business, even if s/he had an issue. Offering a restaurant gift card is a great way to do this because it not only makes the customer feel heard and respected, but it also gives him/her a reason to come back. Izzy should not have explained to the customer why he was being unreasonable because this might have further upset him. Avoiding the customer and sending out a different server would not necessarily help improve the customer's experience. Finally, offering the customer an iced tea instead of a lemonade would not necessarily help because the customer did not have an issue with the lemonade itself.
SOURCE: CR:045
SOURCE: Baird Group. (2017). Service recovery: 5 steps for making things right. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from http://baird-group.com/articles/service-recovery-5-steps-for-making-thingsright
16. B
Business success or failure depends on customer service. In the hospitality and tourism industry, success or failure depends on the level and quality of customer service. Customer satisfaction is heavily influenced by service, and the greater the customer satisfaction, the higher the revenues for the business. Customer service has a greater impact than price when it comes to a customer's buying decision in this industry. Also, customer service can be taught through employee training programs; in fact, training is a crucial tool when it comes to ensuring high-quality customer service.
SOURCE: CR:049
SOURCE: Freeman, R., & Glazer, K. (2015). Chapter 9: Customer service. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-9-customer-service
17. A
Organizational culture. The company for which Tariq works does not have a customer service orientation at the organizational level. Therefore, although Tariq has an individual commitment to customer service, he is unable to adequately provide it. There is no indication that Tariq's customer service practices are affected by his extraverted personality, local competition, or customer loyalty.
SOURCE: CR:051
SOURCE: Van Vulpen, E. (2017, April 29). How 11 factors influence customer service performance. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.analyticsinhr.com/blog/factors-influencingcustomer-service-performance
18. D
Provide complimentary hotel rooms and food for stranded passengers. A moment of truth is an interaction during which a customer can form a lasting positive or negative impression of your company. Clear Skies Airline can make the most of challenging circumstances by accommodating stranded passengers with free hotel rooms and food. This is likely to leave the customers with a positive impression of the brand. Clearly explaining the situation to anyone who has questions and apologizing profusely to customers who are upset could help. However, these tactics likely would not be enough to deliver a positive moment of truth in such a difficult situation. Customer satisfaction surveys often do not provide moments of truth because they can be misleading, disingenuous, and do nothing to help create an impression in the moment.
SOURCE: CR:055
SOURCE: Hyken, S. (2014, November 25). Manage your customer service Moments of Truth and create Moments of Magic ®. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/shephyken/2014/11/25/manage-your-customer-servicemoments-of-truth-and-create-moments-of-magic/#234953ce4e3e
19. D
Increased staffing for peaks in demand. Employee turnover can become a problem during peaks in demand, when employees (such as the manager in this example) become overworked and stressed. This issue could have been avoided by increasing staffing to meet demand. Hiring a more responsible manager might not necessarily help because there still might not be enough staff to handle the demands of the busiest seasons. Convincing the manager to stay would also not help with the excessive demand unless other staff members were hired to help as well. Closing down the resort during peaks in demand is not a good idea; the resort would lose revenue and would likely struggle to stay in business.
SOURCE: CR:038
SOURCE: RoomkeyPMS. (2016, October 4). Staffing strategies for peak and off-seasons. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from https://roomkeypms.com/blog/staffing-strategies-peak-off-seasons
20. D
Responding to negative and positive online reviews. Online reviews of products on social media can have a huge impact. A business can increase customer satisfaction post-sale by responding to online reviews. This shows that the business cares about its customers and can lead to repeat business. Posting about the release of a product line, obtaining new followers that could make a purchase, and offering discounts for first-time customers are not related to customers' post-sale experiences.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Boitnott, J. (2016, March 21). 5 ways marketing can improve the post-sale customer experience. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from http://www.pardot.com/blog/5-waysmarketing-can-improve-post-sale-customer-experience
21. D
Economic and noneconomic. Economic wants have monetary values attached to them, while noneconomic wants are free. Economics is concerned with economic wants. Wants are considered unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough resources to satisfy all of their wants. Limited wants do not exist.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
22. D
Increase. Since the holidays usually bring people in need of ski equipment, this situation should create a seller's market in which buyers will be willing to pay higher prices to buy what they need. Prices usually increase in a seller's market instead of decreasing, remaining the same, or fluctuating.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
23. A
Process. A manufacturing company is well-suited for a divisional organizational structure broken down by process. For instance, the manufacturing process may be broken down into units such as raw materials receiving/sorting, raw materials preparation, raw materials conversion, product finishing, product packaging, and product shipping. The traditional functional structure would not be as well-suited for a manufacturing company, nor would be a divisional structure broken down by customer type or product.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103 Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
24. B
Implement innovative management practices. Many employees are in direct contact with customers, so they learn what the customers need and want. When employees are encouraged to exchange ideas and to think outside the box, the business is supporting an innovative management style. When an innovative, creative environment is fostered, employees are willing to present their ideas for new products and processes to management. Acting on feasible ideas will help the business attract new and changing markets and help it thrive in the marketplace. Developing licensing programs and business partnerships are ways that a business can adapt to changes; however, these actions depend on the type of business and the business's goals. All businesses should review their profit margins on a regular basis, regardless of their willingness to develop new products. Laissez-faire managers assume little or no leadership responsibility. The business is unlikely to adapt to markets or survive in the marketplace if it does not lead its employees in a desired direction.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107 Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
25. B
Cost of merchandise. Cost of merchandise is the money that businesses pay for the goods they sell. Gross profit is the money left over after subtracting cost of merchandise from sales income ($583,000 $224,000 = $359,000). Net profit is the money left over after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit ($359,000 - $259,000 = $100,000). Annual income is the total amount of money that a business earns during the year.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
26. D
To see whether the business's objectives are being met. Productivity may be measured to see whether a business's goals and objectives are being reached. Productivity doesn't aid in the location of new sources of inputs. Members of the finance department are responsible for determining the best ways to invest company profits. Research and development may find new ways to meet customer needs.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
27. C
It becomes difficult for consumers to plan ahead. If there is no inflation or deflation, prices in the economy stay mostly constant. This is known as price stability. When prices are instable, it becomes difficult for consumers to plan ahead. How can consumers budget for major purchases when they can't predict prices? While price instability often causes the redistribution of wealth, this isn't usually good for the economy. Long-term government projects aren't easier to arrange when there is price instability in fact, price instability makes it much more difficult for governments to plan. Just as consumers have a hard time committing to big financial plans during economic uncertainty, the government finds it difficult to plan large projects when prices fluctuate. Price instability does not cause businesses to hire more employees; in fact, price instability typically discourages businesses from taking on costly expenditures like hiring new people.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
28. B
Language. Social and cultural aspects of a country include the customs, habits, and traditions of the people. Language is an important socio-cultural factor that involves how people communicate, both verbally and nonverbally, as well as the meaning of words and gestures. It is important for businesses involved in global trade to understand the language of other countries to avoid speaking or acting in a way that might be considered offensive. Technology, politics, and economics are factors that have an impact on global trade, but they are not social and cultural factors.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
29. A
Stereotyping. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person, a group of people, or a thing. Assuming that all people of a certain nationality will work long hours for low pay is stereotyping because it makes a judgment about a group as a whole rather than about individuals. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics. Prejudice is opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139 Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
30. D
Exhibiting self-control. Hospitality and tourism managers are in the people business. Those people include customers, staff, and executive officers. They must keep their cool under stressful situations to impact the behavior of others. Without self-control, they can make bad situations even worse. Effective managers encourage dissent, thinking that that leads to improvement in the organization. Effective managers trust their employees rather than questioning their motives. Effective managers need to motivate their employees rather than being critical of them.
SOURCE: EI:090
SOURCE: Gregoire, M.B. (2010). Foodservice organizations (7th ed.) [p. 371]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
31. B
Require less supervision. Responsible employees require less supervision on the job because they take personal responsibility for themselves and their work. This benefits the business by allowing supervisors to make better use of their time. Responsible employees are likely to need fewer rules than irresponsible workers. Responsible workers are more likely to follow directions and would not need to do work a second time. Responsible employees are as likely as any other kind to expect raises and promotions.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
32. D
Integrity. Ethics are principles that guide behavior and give an individual a sense of right and wrong. A person with integrity follows these principles. Apathy is indifference or lack of concern. Intelligence is determined by brain power, not ethics. Bravery is courage.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 84]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
33. B
Allows everyone to have a fair chance to be heard. Communicating and listening actively and openly shows respect for everyone's ideas and gives everyone a chance to be heard. Communicating does not necessarily prevent bias from affecting decision-making or promote the equality approach to fairness. Finally, communicating should include listening to others' feedback, not ignoring it.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
34. B
Identify the dilemma. It's important to identify the dilemma first, since you can't resolve the dilemma if you don't know what it is. Dilemmas are not always obvious, and you must be aware of them even when they might not be huge or immediately noticeable. Considering all your potential actions, identifying the dilemma, and reflecting on the outcome are steps that come later in the process.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125 Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
35. B
"You must be stupid if you don't know how to do that by now." Destructive criticism not only points out mistakes but includes a personal attack on the individual. In this case, the supervisor has called the employee stupid, which is insulting. All of the other comments are examples of constructive criticism given to help an employee improve.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
36. C
Want to avoid any conflict. Trying to avoid conflict with others is a common reason for failing to be assertive. Other reasons people fail to be assertive include the fear that they will be perceived as aggressive, a lack of understanding about how to be assertive, a lack of acceptance of their personal rights, and fear of being penalized or embarrassed. Assertive behavior can help individuals to meet personal goals. Characteristics of assertive behavior include a desire for respect of personal rights from others and a high level of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
37. D
Employee burnout. Burnout results when employees experience negative stress over a prolonged period of time. Its symptoms include lethargic behavior and irritability among other signs. Employee stress can lead to burnout, but stress, by definition, is not long-term. Employee turnover occurs when a person leaves his/her job and is replaced by someone else. This is a cause, not a result, of stress. Organizational change occurs when a company's management decides to run the company in a different manner than its current state. This change can cause, but isn't a result, of stress.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025 Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
38. A
Values and aspirations. Vision refers to the future you wish to create. A vision is a reflection of your values what is important to you. A vision is also a reflection of your aspirations your dreams and passions. Often, a vision begins with an abstract idea that is based on emotion rather than logic. After realizing or acknowledging a vision, then you should consider the resources (e.g., special skills and money) that you will need to carry out the vision, which involves setting goals to achieve the vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063 Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
39. C
A vision. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational. When Maggie says she wants to be the best auto repair shop in the city, she's talking about her vision. A vision is long term, challenging but realistic, and compelling. A vision involves the big picture and the overarching aim of the organization. Also, it's meant to provide inspiration for the future. A goal, meanwhile, is specific, measurable, and time bound. Goals might be considered small steps on the way to achieving the vision. In Maggie's example, a goal might be gaining a certain amount of new customers this month.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060 Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
40. A
Being cooperative. Being a good listener is an example of being cooperative in the process of building positive working relationships. Being cooperative involves valuing the work of others as much as you value your own work. If someone needs help or is falling behind, you do your best to support him/her. This includes listening attentively when your coworker is communicating with you. Being a good listener is not an example of carrying your own weight or maintaining distance from others. It may go along with having a good attitude, but it is best as an example of being cooperative.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
41. C
Elissa starts a company when she develops a new app. Elissa is an entrepreneur because she identifies an opportunity to create new value, develops and offers a unique product, assumes the risks of starting and building a business, focuses on the improvement and growth of that business, and receives personal and financial rewards for her efforts. Working for someone else's accounting firm, investing money, and asking for a raise are not examples of entrepreneurship.
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: AmosWEB. (2000-2017). Entrepreneurship. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=wpd&c=dsp&k=entrepreneurship
42. A
Title; lien. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as furniture or cars. The title, or legal ownership document, for an item purchased on installment credit is made out in the name of the credit user (in this case, Iris). However, the seller (the car company) has a lien, or claim, on the title until all installment payments have been made. If Iris neglects to pay, the company can repossess the car. Interest is the fee that the lender charges the borrower for the use of credit. The principal is the original amount of a loan on which the amount of interest is based.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
43. A
Establishing her goals. Before Chandra figures out the details of her budget, she needs to establish her goals. She can't create an effective or realistic budget unless she knows what goals she's focusing on. Estimating income, determining regular expenditures, and allocating income occur later in the budgetdevelopment process.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Clark. (2017, March 23). How to create a budget, track your spending and reach your goals. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://clark.com/story/tracking-spending-best-waymaintain-budget/
44. C
Validating their credit history. Individuals often validate their credit history before applying for additional credit to make sure that the information in the history is accurate. In some cases, individuals may want to provide additional information to more fully explain their income status if the credit history does not include all sources of income. Also, if there was a history of late payments for a certain account, individuals might want to explain that the charges were in dispute and that the matter has been resolved. Adding additional information often helps to answer questions related to an individual's credit history. Individuals usually do not provide additional information about their income status and payment history when opening a checking account, estimating their tax liability, or hiring a financial planner.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Well Traveled Mile. (2015, June 10). What to do if your credit card application needs further review. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://welltraveledmile.com/what-to-do-if-yourcredit-card-application-needs-further-review/
45. D
Universal life insurance. With universal life insurance, you will be insured for life and be able to grow your savings tax-free. This coverage is adapted to meet your insurance needs at any stage of life. It also lets you build your savings so that your beneficiaries are left with an inheritance. Term life insurance provides coverage for a set period of time one, five, 10, or 20 years. This insurance pays only if you are insured at the time of injury or illness. At the end of the coverage, you can renew your coverage, convert the term life insurance into permanent coverage, or let the policy lapse. Disability insurance pays a nontaxable benefit every month that you are disabled. Its coverage ends when your disability ends and does not include an inheritance for beneficiaries. Long-term care insurance is needed if you lose your independence due to physical or mental limitations following an accident or illness.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Pareto, C. (2017, March 27). Intro to insurance: Types of life insurance. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/insurance/insurance8.asp
46. C
Timely and understandable. Businesses obtain internal and external financial information to make decisions about their business activities. To make sound decisions, a business needs reliable and timely information that is presented in an understandable or logical way. The information should also be specific and relate to the situation at hand. Financial information does not need to be creative, transferable, or sensitive.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
47. A
$22,750. A business's balance sheet shows the business's financial condition at a certain point in time. It includes all assets, debts, and the owner's equity. Total assets include items such as cash, accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment, buildings, land, investments, and interest. Total assets do not include accounts payable, which are considered debts. To calculate the business's total assets, add the figures for cash, accounts receivable, inventory, and machinery and equipment ($2,500 + $6,125 + $3,775 + $10,350 = $22,750).
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 772). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. D
Cash-control procedure. Businesses develop procedures to control cash in order to prevent loss. One procedure involves carefully comparing the monthly bank statement with the entries in the business's checkbook. If a business discovers errors or discrepancies, it should review the statement with the bank to identify the source of the problem. In some cases, banks accidentally debit the wrong account or post deposits to the wrong account. If the business fails to detect the error, it may lose those funds. Accounts payable are all the monies owed by the business to others. Money handling involves accepting cash, counting change, etc. Break-even analysis is a financial analysis whose purpose is to identify the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at various prices.
SOURCE: FI:113
SOURCE: Ann, L. (2009, April 30). Importance of cash control. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Importance-Of-Cash-Control&id=2287169
49. B
It plans and controls spending. The finance function plans and controls spending throughout the company, making sure that it stays within the budget. It provides a central hub for monitoring compan spending throughout all the different departments. The accounting function produces financial reports. Finance does not refer to spending on investments only.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
50. B
To protect the company against fraud. A floor limit protects a business from excessive charges made illegally because the business is only held liable for the amount of the floor limit. Setting a floor limit does not create any buying incentive that would increase the amount of sales or encourage the use of credit cards. Setting a floor limit does not prevent fraud, but it can help reduce its impact.
SOURCE: FI:789
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 367369). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. A
Judging an employee on the basis of work performance. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior and involve acting in ways that distinguish right from wrong. In human resources management, ethics involve doing what is right by treating all employees fairly. Being fair involves judging each employee solely on the basis of his/her work performance. This includes providing equal opportunities, being unbiased, and avoiding favoritism. Promoting an employee on the basis of friendship might be viewed as unethical behavior because the promotion is based on a personal relationship or favoritism rather than job qualifications and performance. Hiring an applicant on the basis of gender and interviewing an applicant on the basis of appearance are unethical and often illegal because these actions exhibit bias.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: LAP-HR-411 Moral Mediators (Ethics in Human Resources Management)
52. B
Privately address the behavior directly with the employee. If a manager observes biased, preferential, or racist behavior, s/he should address it directly with the employee so s/he understands the practice is not accepted or tolerated. Firing the employee is a harsh action to take because the employee may not be totally aware or conscious that s/he is demonstrating bias in the workplace. Ignoring biased behavior is not acceptable because it allows the behavior to continue and can cause the employee to believe the company tolerates or approves of the behavior. While personally demonstrating unbiased behavior can encourage others to adopt the same attitude, it doesn't ensure that they will; it's best to inform employees that biased behavior is not acceptable.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Ryan, T. (n.d.). 5 strategies for dealing with diversity in the workplace. Retrieved September 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/5-strategies-dealing-diversity-workplace18106.html
53. B
Reference group. Your older brother and his friends are a reference group. It's a group you aren't a part of but would like to be. Their behavior can influence your buying decisions. This group is not a membership group because you aren't a member of it. Psychological influences on buying behavior have to do with perception, motivation, learning, etc. Situational influences refer to time constraints, special occasions, etc.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-006 Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
54. A
Identify the market for the product. Marketers need to know who the potential buyers are, how many there are, and where they are located before they select products to produce and/or sell. If there is no demand for a product, it will not sell. Setting up a promotional plan, choosing a channel of distribution, and deciding what to charge for products are later decisions.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
55. B
Paraphrasing. Paraphrasing is restating a message in other words in order to confirm or clarify its meaning. Quoting involves duplicating an exact passage and attributing that passage to the original author. Summarizing involves putting main ideas in your own words for a broader overview of the material. Plagiarizing is stealing the work or idea of another without referencing the original source to pass it off as your own. Simon is not plagiarizing because he references the source in his document.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (2013, February 15). Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/563/01/
56. B
Ethical; information management. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating the business's knowledge, facts, or data. The café is exhibiting ethical, cautious, and judicious behavior by implementing policies to protect its customers' information. Customers are more likely to trust the café with their personal information because the café states its privacy policies on its website. The privacy statement does not relate to the cafe's product promotion, marketing research, or production procedures.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Starbucks. (2017, September 11). Starbucks privacy statement. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.starbucks.com/about-us/company-information/online-policies/privacypolicy
57. B
Providing laptops, tablets, and smartphones. Laptops, tablets, and smartphones allow salespeople to have instant access to company databases and software. This enables them to update information quickly and place orders on the spot. This technology also contains the software that generates a purchase order and forwards the order information to manufacturing, purchasing, and accounting. The salesperson does not need to return to the office to prepare paperwork but can go on to another appointment. Debit transactions, security cameras, and in-person training are not types of technology that improve the efficiency of salespeople.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
58. B
Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs. Random Access Memory, or RAM, is a temporary workspace that stores data and programs that the user is actively using. A computer containing a lot of RAM enables users to open and work on several files and programs at one time. When the user has finished working with a file or program, s/he saves or stores the information permanently on the hard drive. The video card is a component of the system that converts code so the user can view items on the computer monitor. The computer mouse is a tool that enables computer users to enter commands.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Kjell, B. (2010, June 17). Chapter one: Introduction to computer systems. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://chortle.ccsu.edu/java5/Notes/chap01/ch01_1.html
59. C
To maintain client lists. One use of a computer database is to store information about the business's customers. A database allows a business to add and update information and to organize it in many different ways. For example, a business might organize its client list according to the amount of money each customer spends by zip code or by location. The business can rearrange this information at any time by a simple click on a computer key. Databases are not used to transmit documents, communicate with vendors, or to monitor economic trends.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: GCF LearnFree. (1996-2016). Access 2016: Introduction to Databases. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/access2016/introduction-todatabases/1/
60. B
Virtual private network. Software refers to the programs that instruct computers to perform specific operations. Software that instructs the computer to transfer certain information to specific computer systems through a secure Internet exchange is a virtual private network (VPN). When channel members' computer systems are linked together by this type of software, the necessary information (e.g., purchase orders) can be transferred quickly from one channel member to another, which increases the efficiency of the entire distribution process. An Intranet software system allows information flow among a company's employees. An Internet service provider (ISP) is a company that provides access to the Internet, usually for a fee. A client network refers to a client, usually a business, which has its own Intranet.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Paul, I. (2017, July 6). How - and why - you should use a VPN any time you hop on the internet. Retrieved September 11, 2017, from https://www.techhive.com/article/3158192/privacy/howand-whyyou-should-use-a-vpn-anytime-you-hop-on-the-internet.html
61. D
Correlation. In terms of marketing research, correlation is the dependency of one variable on another variable or set of variables. The level of dependency can vary greatly. To predict means to estimate. One cannot usually estimate until a pattern or correlation between variables has been established. Sensitivity and affirmation are general terms that might describe an understanding nature. To understand the relationship between variables, a correlation must first be acknowledged.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring Marketing Research (10th ed.) [p. 591]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. C
Unbiased. For data analysis to be performed properly, the researcher should be unbiased, nonjudgmental, trained, and consistent with the information and results.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring Marketing Research (10th ed.) [p. 498]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. B
Protecting consumer privacy. Businesses are becoming more concerned with ways of protecting consumer privacy because of the new technology that makes it easy to gather and disseminate personal information. The rapid growth of electronic commerce, which enables consumers to purchase products online, also enables businesses to collect information about credit cards, personal preferences, and buying habits that many consumers prefer to keep private. In response to a growing concern on the part of consumers, businesses are trying to develop techniques that will protect consumer privacy not only online but also from other types of abuses. Economic expansion and marketing research are fundamental business activities rather than current trends. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. A
Collecting data on product purchases from loyalty programs. Loyalty programs are designed to track the shopping behavior of consumers and can measure the transactions of actual repeat business. Tracking cookies from web browsing activity provides helpful information about a customers' web activity, but it does not offer the same detailed information provided by a loyalty program. Collecting personal information from online registrations provides information about customers, but it does not offer a way to measure repeat business. Surveying customers about recent store experiences could provide information about recent purchases, but it is not the best way to measure actual repeat business.
SOURCE: NF:283
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 658661). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
65. D
By searching its own customer database. A company's own customer database should contain the names, addresses, and previous sales history of previous customers that can be used to create a mailing list for specific products. Competitors and outside researchers would not have access to the names and addresses of previous customers. Reviewing marketing research plans would not provide the names or addresses of previous customers.
SOURCE: NF:284
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 656661). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. A
Previous fulfilled hotel reservations. Previous fulfilled hotel reservations are considered secondary data because they have been previously collected, and they can provide insight into trends that can help predict future revenue. Guests' personal income data help predict what guests can afford, but don't necessarily show any spending or travel trends that can predict future stays. Guest surveys about future travel plans are not a source of secondary data; the surveys are a primary source because they directly collect the information being sought. Guest surveys on service quality can provide insight into whether guests liked their stay, but these data are not as beneficial in predicting future revenue as previous hotel reservations.
SOURCE: NF:237
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials 2012 (pp. 656661). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. B
Creating a storyboard. Creating a storyboard helps you to plan the text and illustrations for a presentation and also plan the work that will need to be done to create the presentation. Developing a schedule can help with the planning of the work but does not help plan the actual content. Creating the needed slides and planning the slide transitions can only be done after a plan for the content is developed.
SOURCE: NF:290
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed) [pp. 307-313]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
68. D
Price. As more hotels enter the hospitality marketplace, competitors are looking for ways to keep their hold in the marketplace. In the past, the hotel industry tended to focus promotional efforts on their products and unique services. Increased competition has given the consumer more choices. As a result, many hotels are experiencing shrinkage in customer loyalty. To combat the loss of customer loyalty, many hotels are emphasizing price by offering deep discounts and special packages that focus on price. Place is an element of marketing that focuses on considerations in getting a selected product in the right place at the right time. Service refers to intangible activities that are performed by other people for money and satisfy the economic wants of customers. Trends indicate that promotional emphasis has changed from service to price. Technology is defined as scientific applications to business objectives or the methods used to attain those objectives. Technology is a tool used to carry out promotional activities and not an element of promotion.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Mahmoud, A. (2016, March 7). The impact of AirBnb on hotel and hospitality industry. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4074708.html
69. D
Bribery. Bribery occurs when one party makes illegal payments to secure business in return. As a purchaser, Darryl might receive offers of bribery from suppliers that are looking to gain an edge over competitors by offering him money on the side. Violation of company Internet policies, employee theft, and noncompliance with safety regulations are all examples of ethical issues in the workplace, but they are not specifically tied to purchasing.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: CIPS Knowledge. (2013). Ethical purchasing practices. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.cips.org/Documents/Knowledge/Procurement-Topics-and-Skills/4-SustainabilityCSR-Ethics/Sustainable-and-Ethical-Procurement/Ethical_Purchasing_PracticesKnowledge_How_To.pdf
70. C
The employer does not take steps to correct the issue. Businesses must follow certain health and safety regulations to ensure a safe working environment for employees. When employers do not follow regulations, it is important to take action to correct the situation. In many situations, the issue can be resolved easily. For example, an employee might notice that boxes are blocking an exit and tell his/her supervisor about the infraction. Then, the supervisor can take steps to ensure the boxes are moved to an appropriate location. When the employer does not take steps to correct the issue, employees should report the infraction to the appropriate government agency. There is not enough information provided to determine if housekeeping personnel are violating the regulations that govern the way businesses must dispose of hazardous materials. The vendor is not the employee's employer.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
71. C
Sales. Businesses may lose the opportunity to make sales if injured employees cannot be present to carry out their duties. Lost sales usually result in less profit, which can be a serious problem for a business. Losing sales and income could eventually force a company out of business. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Benefits are advantages obtained from using a good or service. Goods are tangible objects that can be manufactured or produced for resale.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: OSHA. (2017, July 10). Business case for safety and health - Costs. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.osha.gov/dcsp/products/topics/businesscase/costs.html
72. D
Prioritizing. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. When employees prioritize their work, they evaluate several factors, including due dates and the time it will take to complete a task. In Luke's situation, he determined that he needed to start acquiring bids before working on the inventory report, even though the report was due before the bids. Because Luke realized that he had to allow vendors time to provide the bids, he needed to give them the order specifications promptly. Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to others. Luke is not delegating, simplifying, or communicating information about his workload to others.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Snell, S. (2017, June 7). 7 tips for how to prioritize tasks effectively. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.vandelaydesign.com/how-to-prioritize-tasks/
73. C
It is a roadmap. A project plan is a set of living, related documents that serve as a roadmap for the project from beginning to end. Every successful project relies on a good project plan. A project plan shows the balance between flexibility and strategy, but it does not emphasize one over the other. A project plan isn't set in stone; rather, it should be amended as necessary throughout the life of the project.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-007 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
74. B
Comparing project standards with actual performance. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for making comparisons or judgments. Project managers often use standards as the basis for evaluating project results. For example, a project manager might compare the budget allocated for a specific phase of the project with the actual amount of money spent during that phase to evaluate the use of financial resources. Project managers set goals at the beginning of a project. Project managers must obtain a variety of project data (e.g., internal and external) before they can evaluate project results; therefore, conducting data searches is not a method of evaluating project results. Project managers may develop diagrams to help them visualize project results so they can evaluate them.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Sanghera, P. (2009). 90 days to success as a project manager (pp. 9-10, 339). Boston: Course Technology.
75. D
Drop shipment. Direct shipping involves bypassing delivery to the intermediary (Barston Distributors) and delivering the product directly to the customer. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months).
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Hayes, M. & Youderian, A. (2016, November 10). Understanding dropshipping. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.shopify.com/guides/dropshipping/understandingdropshipping
76. A
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the demand goes up, and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business to cover its needs until supply is stable and available. Items that a business uses to produce goods are manufacturing or work-in-process inventory. Aggregate inventory involves categorizing goods by use or need (e.g., dry goods or liquid goods). Just-in-time is an inventory control method in which the business orders goods just in time for them to be used or sold.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Borad, S.B. (2017, August 31). Types of inventory/stock. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://efinancemanagement.com/costing-terms/types-of-inventory-stock
77. A
Set lower prices. Businesses need to consider how many products they can sell at certain prices in order to select the most appropriate selling price. It might seem that a business would always choose the highest selling price. However, a business might decide that setting a lower price would increase sales, thereby recovering costs and making a profit more quickly. Hiring additional staff, purchasing extra stock, and planning special events might cost the business more money without increasing sales.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009 Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
78. A
Monitor and control expenses. An invoice (bill) documents how much a customer or client owes for the goods or services a business provides. To operate, a business orders office supplies, outsources services (e.g., legal advice), leases equipment, etc. Its vendors send the business bills (invoices) that state how much the business owes. The business monitors and tracks the invoices to make sure it is billed correctly. If the business finds a discrepancy (e.g., incorrect tax amount) on a bill, the business will likely contact the vendor to make necessary adjustments. Tracking invoices is one way the business controls its expenses. Accounts receivable are the monies coming into the business. Businesses do not track invoices to evaluate the vendors' performance levels.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 424-425]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
79. A
Supply Chain Manager. A supply chain manager is in charge of supervising the entire process of getting goods into the marketplace, including coordinating with other companies and vendors. A line supervisor supervises a given team, or line, to ensure quality and productivity. A chief financial officer, or CFO, monitors all of a company's funds and assets. An inventory manager supervises and controls the number of finished products a company has in stock.
SOURCE: OP:443
SOURCE: Lopez, E. (2017, January 2) What is 'supply chain'? Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.supplychaindive.com/news/what-supply-chain-definition/433123/
80. A
Present their photo identification cards when they report for work. Terrorism and other threats of violence are primary security concerns for hospitality and tourism businesses. Amusement parks often employ hundreds of people, so it is difficult for managers to know all of the employees personally. To ensure a safe environment, a large amusement park is likely to have procedures that employees must follow. For example, many amusement parks require employees to present photo identification cards when they report to work as a way to verify their name and employment status. Asking employees to wear uniforms when picking up their paychecks and requiring employees to participate in diversity training programs are not actions that will ensure a secure work environment. Amusement parks typically provide guests or customers with tickets to enter the park after they have paid their admission.
SOURCE: OP:058
SOURCE: Martinez, M. (2014, June 3). Biggest threats to amusement park security. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.pinkerton.com/blog/biggest-threats-amusement-parksecurity
81. B
Travelers with disabilities. Being able to respond to emergency situations is an important consideration in the travel and tourism industry. Many people travel throughout the world, which means that natural disasters and fires are potential dangers. Handling these situations effectively will save lives. Therefore, most emergency procedures include a plan for identifying travelers with disabilities who may need special help in escaping a dangerous situation. Emergency escape and evacuation procedures do not include plans for identifying relatives of passengers. Local authorities are usually responsible for identifying hazardous materials. Identifying suspicious activities is a security consideration.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Stanford University Diversity and Access Office. (n.d.). Guide for assisting individuals with disabilities in an emergency. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://diversityandaccess.stanford.edu/disability-access/emergency-evacuationplanning/guide-assisting-individuals-disabilities-emergency
82. C
Role-playing. Role-playing is the process of assuming roles and acting through a given situation. Josh and Nikki read a scenario and role-played the parts. Brainstorming is a creative thinking technique that involves the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Experimenting is the act of testing or trying out a proposed idea or procedure. Meditation, which is a mental exercise, is the act of contemplating, reflecting, or thinking over.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Buelow, J. (2014, February 6). 3 benefits of making role-play part of training. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.trainingmag.com/3-benefits-making-role-play-parttraining
83. B
Form unions. Employees have the right to join or support a union. They do not have the right to not be fired. Employees are generally not permitted to view any human resources file they wish. Employers are able to monitor employee Internet usage on company computers.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.) Employee rights under the National Labor Relations Act. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://www.dol.gov/olms/regs/compliance/EmployeeRightsPoster11x17_Final.pdf
84. B
"I was seeking a job with more responsibility." This is a positive response which indicates that the applicant is interested in getting ahead and is willing to accept additional responsibility. A job applicant should not make negative remarks about his/her previous employer(s) or coworkers. Even though all of the other alternatives could be true statements, they are negative and will reflect poorly on the job applicant.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Skillings, P. (2017, April 2). How to answer: Why did you leave your last job? Retrieved September 11, 2017, from https://biginterview.com/blog/2013/04/why-did-you-leave-yourlast-job.html
85. C
Work experience. There are several ways to obtain work experience without having a paying job. One way is to participate in school-operated programs, such as the school store or library. Students who help in the school store learn how to operate cash registers, complete sales transactions, and serve customers. Students who work in the library also learn about customer service. This experience is similar to work experience and can be listed on an individual's resume. Helping out in the school store or library is a way of obtaining a type of training rather than additional education or college information. Students might receive approval for the work they do, but that is not the purpose of participating.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 37). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
86. D
Sales promotion events. Local sales promotion events are sometimes sponsored by business alliance organizations (e.g., local chamber of commerce) to stimulate business for their members. Additional membership benefits may include group services such as a reduced-rate insurance package. Participation in trade shows and the establishment of industry standards are benefits of joining a trade association.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Laramie Chamber Business Alliance. (2016). Reasons to join. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from https://laramie.org/about/what-we-do/
87. A
Obtain further education and certification. Trade or professional organizations consist of individuals or groups that work within a particular industry. Benefits of belonging to a professional organization include networking opportunities, the establishment of consistent industry standards, trade shows, and venues for members to further their education (e.g., seminars, workshops, classes, certification) within the industry. Continuing education programs can help people keep up with trends associated with their industry. The availability of government funding is dependent on each government's resources and guidelines. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that all governments provide financial support to trade organizations. Joining a professional organization does not necessarily improve or increase employee productivity. Joining a trade organization might help industry members learn about the use of promotion, but it does not necessarily develop the materials or programs for them.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Tourism Industry Association of Nova Scotia. (2011). Member benefits: Professional development. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.tians.org/membership/member-benefits/professional-development
88. C
A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available. A decrease in the number of guests occurs during economic slowdowns because people are reluctant to spend their discretionary income on travel. Consequently, there is an increase in the number of rooms available as more rooms become available for rent. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available does not follow the law of supply and demand, which suggests that as demand for rooms go up, supply typically goes down. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available would work the other way because as demand goes down, the supply of rooms available for rent typically goes up. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available typically occurs during good economic times when people are more willing to spend their discretionary income on travel.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 48]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
89. A
Penetration pricing. This strategy is used to gain quick recognition from travelers and to acquire an immediate slice of the market share. Psychological pricing refers to a minimally adjusted price that gives the customer a feeling of increased value and/or savings (e.g., $69.95 instead of $70.00). Price lining is the practice of selling goods/services at a limited number of predetermined price points, or levels. A price that is initially set deliberately on the high side is called price skimming. This concept is used to attract the customer who is willing to pay the higher price in order to be one of the first to use the good/service. At some point, the company lowers the price to appeal to other customers.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 610). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. A
Packaging. Packaging is placing the product in a protective wrap or container before it is offered for sale. It is an area of product management that has increased in importance as the number of items available to consumers has increased. The package must be eye-catching in order to attract purchasers. It must also protect the product, create a product image ranging from economy to luxury, and identify the product brand. Good packaging helps to increase sales. Labeling provides information about the product and attracts customers but does not protect the product. Idea generation is the process of thinking up or creating new plans, schemes, and thoughts. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
91. A
Legal recourse. Legal recourse is the right to file a lawsuit against a company that does not fulfill its obligations under a warranty or a guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. A liability lawsuit is legal action against a company whose product has caused personal injury. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that a seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: LAP-PM-004 Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
92. C
Repositioning. Companies attempt to reposition products in order to update a sagging image, to boost sagging sales, to prolong the life of a brand, to fill a market niche, or to be competitive. Brand extending introduces a new brand under an established brand name. Positioning creates a certain image or impression of a brand as compared to competitors' brands. Licensing involves the "renting" of a brand name to another company.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003 Mix and Match (The Nature of Product Mix)
93. A
A bed and breakfast advertising private baths and a fireplace in each room. This illustrates the product element of marketing in the travel industry. The product is the accommodations. The resort is focusing on how it treats its guests. The cruise ship is providing information. The conference center is offering additional services.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2014). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (6th ed.) [p. 13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
94. B
Shuttle. Shuttle services provide a means of transportation for guests and their baggage when the property is located far away from popular destinations such as the airport. Valet services are responsible for cleaning guests' garments so that guests don't have to obtain access to laundry facilities. Concierge services provide tourist information, directions, dinner reservations, and other personalized services that make it easier for guests to enjoy their stay and to navigate unfamiliar territory. Bell staff services handle guests' baggage, making it easier for them to get to and from their room, as well as their modes of transportation.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 198]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
95. D
Hotels/Motels usually keep guest history records. Guest history records contain the names and addresses of individuals who have been guests in the hotel or motel. This provides a mailing list of people to contact through direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes in the form of letters, catalogs, postcards, and folders. A disadvantage of direct mail is that it can be expensive. An advantage of direct mail is that it is a personal medium addressed to a specific recipient. Hotels/Motels are interested in building a clientele of satisfied guests, but they are also interested in attracting new guests who have not previously used the facilities.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2014). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (6th ed.) [pp. 472-479]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
96. A
Organizational. Quality management must begin at the top at the organizational level. The company's top managers must make a commitment to customer satisfaction through quality, and they should let that commitment serve as a guide for important decisions. Quality management is also important at the process (or departmental) level and the job/performance level, but it must flow from the top.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001 Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
97. A
Hurricanes, earthquakes, and terrorist attacks. Risk managers use computerized catastrophe modeling to estimate the losses that their company could suffer as a result of a natural disaster or other significant calamity, such as a terrorist attack. While risk managers may analyze risks such as robberies, embezzlement, and sexual harassment claims, they are not likely to use specialized catastrophe modeling software to evaluate the potential for losses caused by these risks.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Van Leer, K. (2015, June 22). What is catastrophe modeling? Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.rms.com/blog/2015/06/22/what-is-catastrophe-modeling/
98. C
Confirmation number at the end of the call. Confirmation numbers are codes that hotels use to validate and track guests' reservations. When taking guests' reservations, the hotel reservationist should provide the guest with a confirmation number near the conclusion of the call after the terms of the bookings have been set. Often, hotels will also send an email to guests that contains their confirmation numbers. If guests need to make changes to their reservations, they provide their confirmation numbers to the reservationists, which help them access and change the guests' information quickly. Reservationists do not provide guests with daily transaction codes, policy reference numbers, or arrival identification codes.
SOURCE: SE:477
SOURCE: Free Hotel Management Training. (2010, January 13). How to take reservation on phone. Retrieved September 12, 2017, from http://www.hospitality-school.com/hotel-telephonereservation
99. A
$144. Although many businesses have cash registers that automatically calculate numerical data such as percentages, others might require the salesperson to calculate the discount and process the coupon. To calculate the discount in this example, first multiply the retail price by the amount of the discount ($180 X 20% or .20 = $36). Then subtract the discount from the retail price ($180 - $36 = $144).
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 555). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. B
Management. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. The functions of management include planning, organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Economizing is deciding how scarce resources will be used. Research is an investigation or inquiry.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1172
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Maintaining order. Maintaining order is an important purpose of the law. Laws help to control society and set the standards for being a part of civilization. The punishments for breaking the law aim to prevent people from harming themselves, others, or society as a whole. Laws against violence are a part of maintaining order. Laws can also enact social change and resolve disputes, but the prohibition of violence is not an example of these functions. While laws may aim to ensure equality, this is not necessarily a function of law, and it is not relevant to this situation.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. B
Federal tax break. Nonprofit organizations that are established to benefit society are not generally taxed by the federal government. Dual taxation is the levying of two taxes on the same income, which normally isn't the case for nonprofit organizations. Bank loans are a means of gaining capital funding and are not a benefit of registering as a nonprofit. Dividends are sums of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment. These normally do not apply to nonprofit organizations since they are based on the goal of profit.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. A
The property will be required to pay damages to the individual for breaking a legal contract. A room reservation is a legal contract that entitles an injured party to compensation when the contract is violated, such as when a property does not follow through with its promise to provide a room. A room reservation does not have to be in writing in order for it to be considered a contract; therefore, the individual is entitled to receive damages. For a property to be considered fraudulent in the eyes of the court, it is necessary to prove that the property overbooks as a rule, rather than as an exception, when a special event is in town. The ability to find a room elsewhere is not grounds for dismissing a case in which an individual is physically harmed as a result of being turned away by the hotel.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Miller, J. (2010, April/May). Hospitality law. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.americanbar.org/newsletter/publications/gp_solo_magazine_home/gp_solo_mag azine_index/miller.html
4. A
Paraphrase the speaker's message. Paraphrasing involves restating a message in other words to confirm or clarify its meaning. Maintaining eye contact with the speaker, focusing on details, and anticipating what the speaker will say next are not actions that will ensure that you understand the message.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrate Active Listening Skills)
5. A
What type of training do you provide for this position? Relevant questions are types of questions that pertain to the issue at hand. If an applicant is interviewing for a job, the applicant would ask the interviewer questions about the company, job responsibilities, job training, professional development, etc. It would be inappropriate to ask the interviewer about his/her salary, nearby restaurants, and salesdepartment shortfalls—these questions are irrelevant to the issue at hand.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: The Muse. (2013, October 15). 51 interview questions you should be asking. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.themuse.com/advice/51-interview-questions-youshould-be-asking
6. B
A line graph. Line graphs are best used to show changes (particularly small changes) over time. For example, if you want to demonstrate your company's profit in each of the past 12 months, a line graph would be one effective method. Pie charts are more commonly used to show how categories relate to the whole. A photograph or a video would likely not showcase the data you want to present.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: NCES. (n.d.). How to choose which type of graph to use. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://nces.ed.gov/nceskids/help/user_guide/graph/whentouse.asp
7. D
Requesting more information about a company. When you need to request information or ask a question, you send a letter of inquiry. Letters of inquiry can be written for many different reasons—to request more information about a company, to ask a question about a product, to inquire about a job opening, to ask for advice, to request paperwork, etc. A letter that thanks a potential employer for an interview is a followup letter, not a letter of inquiry. When informing employees of a payroll change, you'd likely write a memo. A business report summary is known as an executive summary. This is meant for people who don't have time to read the entire business report, and it's not the same thing as a letter of inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: McMurrey, D.A. (n.d.). Chapter 1: Business correspondence—Inquiry letters. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from www.gel.ulaval.ca/~poussart/gel64324/McMurrey/texte/inquire.htm
8. C
A social media content calendar. A social media content calendar is a way to plan and organize upcoming content for social media. It helps marketers schedule upcoming posts and plan in advance based on important dates and opportunities. Talia could benefit from a social media calendar because it could help her plan in advance to promote her resort during the busy season. Without a calendar, she might miss out on a key promotional opportunity. Search engine optimization, web analytics, and an infographic generator would not necessarily help Talia in this situation.
SOURCE: CO:193
SOURCE: Walters, K. (2017, June 27). How to create a social media content calendar: Tips and templates. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://blog.hootsuite.com/how-to-create-asocial-media-content-calendar/
9. B
Reputational. A reputational risk can do damage to a brand or company by twisting the intent and portraying the company or brand in a negative light. Legal risks include employment, privacy, security, intellectual property, and media risks.
SOURCE: CO:202
SOURCE: Merrill, T., Latham, K., Santalesa, R., & Navetta, D. (2011, April). Social media: The business benefits may be enormous, but can the risks - reputational, legal, operational - be mitigated? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://old.findinet.nl/~uploads/newsModule/ace_socialmedia111118.pdf
10. B
Defining the problem. Understanding and agreeing upon the details of the problem at hand are crucial to eventually developing a feasible and effective solution. This step must be done before any causes or solutions can be discussed. Assessing solutions, determining causes, and implementing solutions are all steps in the group decision-making process, but cannot be done until the problem has been defined.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Raison, B., Lukshin, D., & Bowen-Ellzey, N. (2013). Group problem solving process. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://u.osu.edu/raison/files/2014/02/FACT-SHEETGroup-Problem-Solving-CDFS_13_13-1cqoba2.pdf
11. D
Creating targeted marketing campaigns. Businesses use technology to build positive customer relations by identifying valuable customers and creating targeted marketing campaigns to reach them. Calling customers at home, placing pop-up ads online, and sending "junk" emails will create negative customer relations instead of positive ones.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
12. B
Being patient, flexible and empathetic. So that businesspeople don't do something that will offend their clients, they should adapt their communication styles with clients from different cultures. To develop positive relationships with international clients, businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about their clients' cultures, customs, and social values. Adapting communication styles requires businesspeople to be patient, flexible, empathetic, respectful, confident (but not overly so), honest (transparent), and sensitive to their clients' cultures and customs. Projecting biased, demanding, manipulative, or indifferent attitudes may offend the clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Verderber, R., Verderber, K., & Sellnow, D. (2012). COMM2 (pp. 73-75). Boston, MA: Cengage Learning.
13. D
Understand what guests truly want. In the hospitality and tourism industry, understanding what is truly driving customers' complaints is essential. When you understand what guests want, you can easily fulfill their needs and resolve conflict. Being aware of common triggers of conflict can help prevent conflict rather than resolving it. Hospitality and tourism employees should maintain a positive attitude rather than an authoritative attitude. Finally, hospitality and tourism employees do not always necessarily need to escalate conflict to upper management.
SOURCE: CR:044
SOURCE: Friedlander, R.J. (2015, June 22). 6 guidelines for managing guest conflict and preventing bad online reviews. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.reviewpro.com/blog/6guidelines-for-managing-guest-conflict-and-preventing-bad-online-reviews/
14. D
Allow the customer to express his/her feelings. Sometimes, frustrated customers want to complain and release anger. Allowing them to express their feelings might help them calm down and make a resolution more likely. Agreeing with a customer’s complaints is not a good idea because it undermines the authority of the company. Keeping the conversation in a public space is not a good idea because other employees or customers might hear the conversation, which could damage morale and reputation. Finally, disagreeing with each negative statement is likely to upset the customer rather than helping resolve the conflict.
SOURCE: CR:046
SOURCE: Geraghty, S. (2013, February 22). 12 conflict resolution tips for excellent customer service. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.talkdesk.com/blog/12-conflict-resolutiontips-for-excellent-customer-service-2/
15. D
Invite him to be seated in a waiting area. It is important to be friendly and make all visitors feel welcome. Ignoring a visitor can make him/her feel unwelcome. Telling a customer that an associate always runs late or asking for opinions of his performance is unprofessional and may make the visitor feel uncomfortable.
SOURCE: CR:052
SOURCE: Martin, M.J. (2017, September 26). How to greet clients at the office. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/how-8684581-greet-clients-office.html
16. B
Ask a valet to help him with parking and luggage when he arrives. A guest speaker is an important part of a conference, so you should arrange to make his arrival as easy and stress free as possible. He plans to eat something on the way to the hotel, so there's no need to keep his entrée warm. Cancelling his presentation or arranging for a video conference call would not be helpful because the speaker is planning to arrive on time for his speech.
SOURCE: CR:053
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 185, 210]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
17. B
Accommodating the needs of parents. By providing kids with a fun activity, the store is helping parents entertain their children so the parents are free to shop. It's not likely that an expensive jewelry store would want to encourage children to visit. There's no indication that the store is planning to develop a jewelry line for kids. Providing an activity for children does not necessarily prevent them from touching displays.
SOURCE: CR:054
SOURCE: McDermott, E. (2013, May 8). Kid gloves: Dealing with customers' children at your small business. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://smallbusinessonlinecommunity.bankofamerica.com/community/running-yourbusiness/general-business/blog/2013/05/08/kid-gloves-dealing-with-customers-children-atyour-small-business
18. C
Add a consumer-participation option such as a salad bar. One way that restaurants can manage high demand without hiring staff is by including a consumer-participation option, such as a salad bar. This eliminates time spent on preparing and serving salads, as well as keeping customers busy. Only accepting customers who have a reservation might not help because the restaurant will still be busy without enough staff to handle demand. Offering discounts for customers to come back another time is a strategy to shift demand, not necessarily to manage customer experience during peaks in demand. Expanding the restaurant to accommodate more tables is a strategy to be able to handle more customers, but it does not solve the issue if the restaurant cannot hire more staff.
SOURCE: CR:038
SOURCE: Sasser, W.E. (2014, August 1). Match supply and demand in service industries. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://hbr.org/1976/11/match-supply-and-demand-in-serviceindustries
19. C
Hire a host/hostess to greet and seat the diners instead. Rather than expecting the servers to do what are essentially two different jobs—waiting on tables as well as acting as hosts or hostesses, the restaurant should hire a host/hostess instead. The host or hostess could greet diners, interact with them, seat them, and share information about menu specials. Allowing guests to seat themselves does not meet high service standards and can cause confusion among wait staff. Displaying a menu outside does not eliminate the need to interact with customers. Telling customers there's no time to chat creates a rude and unwelcoming atmosphere that does not achieve high service standards.
SOURCE: CR:039
SOURCE: Krow, S. (2012, December 7). Restaurant service procedures. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/restaurant-service-procedures-58941.html
20. A
Assets. When a business receives customer payments, it records the amount of the payment as a receipt of cash. The increase in cash increases the assets of the business. When a business processes customer payments, it credits the customer's account and adds that amount to its cash balance, which is an asset. Recording cash receipts does not increase the business's costs, debts, or liabilities.
SOURCE: CR:042
SOURCE: Accounting Simplified. (2010-2017). Cash transactions. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://accounting-simplified.com/accounting-for-cash-transactions.html
21. B
Apologize and attempt to rectify the problem. When a company receives a negative review on social media, it should use the platform to publicly acknowledge the customer. This gives the customers the attention and respect they are seeking, as well as demonstrating that the company cares about its customers. The company should not ignore the negative comment because this makes it appear that the customer's opinion does not matter. Replying with a witty comment will not necessarily improve brand image because the customer might feel insulted or belittled. While it is a good idea to gather more information about the problem, it might be wise for the company to do so privately rather than publically in a comment.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Schiff, J.L. (2015, September 15). 7 ways social media can improve customer satisfaction. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.cio.com/article/2984024/socialnetworking/7-ways-social-media-can-improve-customer-satisfaction.html
22. B
Research locations where customers expect to find products. To create or enhance place utility, businesses must figure out where customers expect to find products. This way, the business can plan and move the product to the right place—the place where customers will purchase the product, which is likely to be the place where the producer or service provider will make the most sales. Offering customers financial assistance creates possession utility. Ordering or manufacturing products before they are needed creates time utility. Adding new features to existing products creates form utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
23. B
It involves the flow of ideas across national borders. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. The result is that various regions across the globe now have integrated societies, cultures, and economies—this is due to methods of communication, transportation, and trade becoming faster and more efficient all the time. Globalization involves ideas, people, and culture—much more than just economics. It has had a major impact on the world and everyone in it. Experts agree that the pace of globalization is quickening.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: LAP-EC-104—Stretch Your Boundaries (The Global Business Environment)
24. A
Business now moves faster than ever. Because of new technologies and other improvements, business now moves at a faster pace than ever before. The manufacturing industry has become more streamlined due to new technologies, and communication has become almost instantaneous. Organizations are becoming more adaptable to stay competitive.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
25. C
By paying fair salaries. Salaries and wages that workers consider to be fair contribute to the quality of work life. Employees will be more productive when they feel that their earnings are equal to or better than the earnings of others doing the same type of work. Paying fair salaries improves the general conditions in which employees work and often results in an increase in productivity. Businesses' research and development programs help to develop new products and meet customers' needs. Businesses try to operate within the guidelines of government regulations.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
26. A
Consumer spending increases. Business cycles, which are the periods of expansion and contraction in economic activities, affect businesses, consumers, and the government. During a period of expansion, unemployment levels drop because businesses are expanding and need workers to perform jobs to support production increases. When people are working, they have income to spend on goods and services, so their spending increases. The government is more likely to delay projects and businesses are more likely to default on loans during the recession and trough phases of the business cycle.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 62-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
27. A
Some figures used in calculating GDP are estimates. While most figures used in GDP computations are reliable, there are some that have to be estimated. This makes it difficult for economists to measure GDP accurately. Not all goods and services are sold. Some are traded for other goods and services in the underground economy, and no records are kept of these transactions. Other goods are kept by producers for their personal use. Transfer payments do not add to the value of GDP because no new wealth is created.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
28. D
Perform better in your current job. Knowing your strengths and weaknesses gives you the ability to apply your talents where they are best used, which can in turn help you to perform better in your current job. Knowing your strengths and weaknesses will not necessarily ensure that you will make the right decision every time, obtain any job you want to, or receive a raise each year.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
29. A
Clear the task first with the supervisor. When the task is complete is too late to inform the supervisor. To ask a coworker when you are stuck is not a good idea because the coworker may not give you correct information. Showing initiative is a good trait, but it will cost the company unnecessary money if it has to correct Carl's mistakes.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-002—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
30. A
Adaptable. Being adaptable is the ability to accept and deal with change effectively. Successful managers are not only adaptable, but they help employees, vendors, and customers adjust to changes, too. Empathetic people have the ability to relate to the feelings, thoughts, and experiences of others. Sincere people are genuine in nature. Expressing empathy and sincerity helps build positive relationships, but these traits do not always relate to adapting to change. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:090
SOURCE: CareerAge.com. (1999-2016). Hotel & hospitality management. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://www.careerage.com/career/cc/hotel/
31. B
Integrity. Having integrity means acting ethically even when no one is watching. Transparency and viability are also ethical principles, but DeMarcus is not demonstrating them in this example. DeMarcus is not demonstrating greed.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
32. C
In private. In order for constructive criticism to be effective, it should be delivered in private. Giving constructive criticism in front of others, such as during a staff meeting, may embarrass the person receiving the criticism. Constructive criticism is given right away. Waiting up to a week to give the criticism is unwise because the message receiver may not remember specific details about the situation. The degree of effectiveness of constructive criticism does not depend much on who gives the criticism (such as a committee). The manner in which the constructive criticism is given to the message receiver is much more important. Constructive criticism is most effective when it is private, thoughtful, nonjudgmental, nonthreatening, immediate, specific, and factual.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
33. D
Passively. Passive behavior is conduct in which people fail to exercise their own rights or to respect their own needs. A passive person usually displays an attitude based on the desire to avoid conflict at all costs. When Ryan puts his own needs aside to help a coworker, he is behaving passively. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them to achieve personal goals. Forceful behavior would likely be considered aggressive. Assertiveness is the ability to express yourself, communicate your point of view, and stand up for your rights, principles, and beliefs.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. D
Stress. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. When individuals do not effectively manage their stress levels, their work productivity tends to decrease, and they often experience burnout and develop health problems. Individuals can combat stress by getting plenty of rest, using relaxation techniques, and exercising on a regular basis. Running is one of many ways to achieve the health-related benefits of exercise. Exercise can help individuals feel relaxed and focused, which greatly reduces stress. When individuals manage their stress, they can better manage their time and work activities and achieve their goals.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
35. A
Everyone has equal power. Making a decision by consensus means that each group member has equal power to say “yes” or “no.” Consensus is not majority rule or minority rule—in consensus, every group member agrees. Consensus is also not rule by a single leader. Rule by a single leader is considered a dictatorship.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
36. A
"I believe in you!" Encouragement is telling someone that you believe in him/her before s/he even begins doing something. It is not congratulating someone on a job well done after s/he completed a task. "I believe in you," therefore, is the only example of proper encouragement because it is given in advance of a person's performance.
SOURCE: EI:133
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133—A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
37. D
Prejudice. Prejudice is opinions or judgments based on feelings or hearsay, rather than fact. Sally is basing her opinion of her coworker on what she has heard, not on fact. Her prejudice will keep her from feeling empathy for Lily. Thoughtfulness is consideration for others. Generosity is the willingness to give to others. A grievance is a complaint about unfairness.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
38. B
Meet needs and wants. Financial planning helps you meet needs and wants by setting goals and working toward them. It does not help you understand economics and finance. It can help you plan for the future, but it does not help you predict it. Financial planning does not increase your income, but it does help you make the most of it.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Wohlner, R. (2011, May 17). 6 reasons you need a financial plan. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://money.usnews.com/money/blogs/the-smarter-mutual-fundinvestor/2011/05/17/6-reasons-you-need-a-financial-plan
39. A
Inflation. Inflation is an increase in the cost of goods and services. What your dollar buys today won't be the same as what it buys next year. Over the years, the value of money declines. That means that the $10 bill Kim was given last year has less buying power today. Taxes are monies that individuals or businesses must pay to the government. There's no indication that Kim paid taxes on her $10. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. Unemployment is also known as joblessness. Although taxes, globalization, and unemployment levels can impact the economy, none of the three are the direct cause of the decline in the buying power of Kim's money.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Tarver, E. (2015, April 24). What impact does inflation have on the time value of money? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042415/what-impact-does-inflation-have-timevalue-money.asp
40. A
Variance. Variance is the difference between what's expected to happen and what actually happens. Managers look at variance in financial information as a way to monitor the business's ongoing operations and strategies. Profitability is a business's ability to yield a financial gain. Acquisition means buying another company. A trend is a change or development in a certain direction—one quarter's change in finances would not constitute a trend.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
41. C
User-friendly. An accounting system is the methods and procedures that a business uses in handling its financial information. An efficient accounting system allows the business to retrieve the information it needs quickly and easily. Because most companies use computer-based accounting systems to help them store, track, and retrieve important financial data, it is important for the accounting system's software to be user-friendly, easy to use, and easy to operate. Most companies do not want a lot of people to have access to their financial data, so it is important to keep it secure and accessible for those who need and use the information. Accounting systems require some type of maintenance because people must continuously update the information. Accounting systems do not produce results for the business—they simply store information in an organized way.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
42. A
Compare cash received with receipts or transaction records. To reconcile cash, a business should compare the total amount of cash received with the total on transaction records or receipts. For example, if a business wanted to reconcile its cash daily, it would count the amount of money in its cash registers and then look at all the sales receipts to make sure the numbers match. Reconciling cash does not involve any multiplication or division. Simply counting up the cash in cash registers would not be enough to reconcile a business's cash for any given period.
SOURCE: FI:396
SOURCE: University of Illinois. (2017, June 27). Reconcile cash receipts daily. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.obfs.uillinois.edu/bfpp/section-10-cash-handling/reconcile-cashreceipts-daily
43. C
Cash management. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. An important aspect of the finance function is managing the cash that flows into and out of the business. Product sourcing, materials allocation, and sales forecasting are not primary responsibilities of a company's financial function.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
44. B
Rationalizing. Rationalizing is justifying your actions to yourself or others. It is often a coping mechanism when finance professionals are torn between what they are doing and what they are supposed to do. If you are trying to justify your actions to yourself and others, you are not necessarily voicing your concerns, following a code of ethics, or obeying authorities.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355—Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
45. D
Credit cards have high processing fees. When businesses accept credit cards, they are required to give some of the money from each sale they make to several third parties—such as the card provider, the banks that are involved, and various credit-card associations. These processing fees can sometimes make accepting credit cards too expensive for small businesses that sell inexpensive items like breakfast foods. It is unlikely that the café decided to refuse credit cards because the owners are old, because residents never carry credit cards, or due to town restrictions.
SOURCE: FI:790
SOURCE: Mirman, E. (2015, March 3). How credit card processing works (Calculate your true rate). Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://pos.toasttab.com/blog/how-credit-cardprocessing-works-plus-calculator
46. C
Jake reported that he witnessed a senior manager harassing a new employee. A whistleblower is an employee who reports unethical or illegal business activity to human resources management, an ethics hotline, or to another authority. Harassment is both unethical and illegal in the workplace and is, therefore, an example of a report that constitutes whistleblowing. Telling human resources management about an annoying coworker, admitting to changing companies because of a boss, and telling a friend about a manager that is too uptight are not examples of whistleblowing.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: LAP-HR-411—Moral Mediators (Ethics in Human Resources Management)
47. D
Collective bargaining. Collective bargaining, which is the negotiation of wages and other conditions of employment by a union or other organized body of employees, is an example of an organized laborrelations issue. Employee training, continuing education, and performance reviews are also important workplace activities, but they are not necessarily organized labor-relations issues.
SOURCE: HR:452
SOURCE: AFL-CIO. (2017). Collective bargaining. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://aflcio.org/what-unions-do/empower-workers/collective-bargaining
48. B
An uncomfortable working environment. Sometimes, employees do not respect each other's lifestyles and discriminate against each other because of them. When this occurs, employees might experience an uncomfortable work environment. This can damage productivity. Language barriers are a result of ethnic or cultural differences, rather than differences in lifestyles. Generational misunderstandings are not a result of disrespecting lifestyle choices.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Renee, M. (2011, September 22). The top 10 diversity issues at work. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-10-diversity-issues-work-24939.html
49. D
Guest registration records. Secondary information is information collected by others. Guest registration records are internal sources of secondary information that are collected for one reason and may be used for other purposes, such as for marketing. Guest registration records can provide information about guests' preferences. By knowing this type of information, the resort can customize promotional information for guests. External secondary information is obtained from sources outside the hotel chain, such as competitors' websites, government documents (e.g., census reports), or online industry reports. Airline passenger lists are external sources of information that are often confidential. Room status reports are internal reports that advise hotel personnel which rooms are occupied and which rooms are not occupied.
SOURCE: NF:281
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 196, 388]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
50. C
Primary. Primary research involves gathering, recording, and analyzing new information specifically for the purpose at hand. The tour company collected feedback for a specific purpose, which was to determine satisfaction levels with the company's tour products; therefore, the tour company has collected primary research. Secondary research is information that has already been collected for other purposes. Unilateral and bilateral are types of contracts rather than types of marketing research.
SOURCE: NF:282
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [p. 128]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
51. C
Lodging occupancy rates will increase. Hospitality and tourism businesses monitor trends. Trends provide hospitality and tourism businesses with information about changes that are occurring in the industry. By knowing about industry changes, hospitality and tourism businesses can adapt so they can effectively compete in the marketplace. Because hospitality and tourism businesses are often interdependent, they will watch trends for various types of businesses within the industry. For example, if more people are booking airline flights to popular destinations, then they will need lodging, which increases the lodging occupancy rates. If more people need lodging, the hotels need to ensure that they have the resources to accommodate the higher number of guests. If more people are traveling, it is likely that they will spend more money at restaurants and that more people will attend or visit area tour attractions. If tourism increases, then the area's unemployment rate will likely decrease because more businesses will be hiring employees to meet the higher demand for hospitality and tourism products.
SOURCE: IM:425
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 568-569]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
52. D
Average amount of sales per customer. By totaling the amount of all sales and dividing by the number of customers, hospitality and tourism businesses can determine the average amount of sales per customer. Hospitality and tourism employees can use this information as a target amount to work toward attaining and exceeding their sales efforts. The age of customers, the size of their families, and their color preferences cannot be obtained from all hospitality and tourism sales data.
SOURCE: IM:426
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 118-124]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
53. A
A bowl of French-onion soup. Hotel restaurants offer services, which include preparing and serving tangible items—food and beverages. Therefore, the bowl of French-onion soup is a tangible product that the hotel restaurant markets. A short wait time and a friendly server who has extensive product knowledge are intangible factors that affect a restaurant patron's dining experience.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Greechie, S. (2010, July 29). Is service marketing different from product marketing? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/service-marketingdifferent-product-marketing-3309.html
54. C
Reducing costs by 5%. Reducing costs by 5% is a specific goal. It is easy to measure because it states a percentage. Finding more customers, increasing sales, and improving customer satisfaction are all general goals. These are difficult (or impossible) to measure because they are too vague.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
55. B
Behavior. When segmenting by behavior, marketers consider factors such as the market's product knowledge, purchasing habits, and responses to products. Occasion segmentation classifies buying behavior by important events such as birthdays, holidays, and weddings. Geographics involves segmenting a market by location. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of consumers' lifestyles and personalities. Demographic segmentation considers factors such as income, education, age, and gender.
SOURCE: MP:035
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 200, 206]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
56. A
Online storage companies may have problems or go out of business. Although online storage is usually safe, there is always the chance that the company you're relying on may have problems or go out of business. Files are not difficult to access when you use online storage—they are usually very easy to access. Online storage has pros and cons, but it is not more dangerous than keeping physical copies at your office. In fact, online storage can save your files if there is a fire or vandalism at your office. Online storage is typically affordable.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: AllBusiness.com. (2010, July 1). Is it safe to store files on the internet? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.allbusiness.com/is-it-safe-to-store-files-on-the-internet-11871.html
57. D
Accurate. A business's information management system isn't very helpful if it contains inaccurate information. While it is important for the information to be accessible to the right people, you don't necessarily want everyone to have access. It could be a disaster if just anyone was able to see your company's tax returns, accounting records, or customer lists. While much information in an effective information system is likely to be quantitative or numerical in nature, some information is also bound to be qualitative or based on opinion (e.g., customer comments). Abstract data or words describe things which are not objects and may have different meanings to different people. Although some data may be abstract, other data or information are concrete in nature (e.g., inventory records, sales reports, etc.).
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
58. D
Status Bar. The Status Bar appears at the very bottom of your window and provides such information as the current page and the number of words in your document. You can change what displays on the Status Bar by right-clicking on the Status Bar and selecting the options you want from the Customize Status Bar menu. The Ribbon in Microsoft Word 2007 is used to issue commands. The Ribbon is located near the top of the screen, below the Quick Access Toolbar. The Title Bar displays the title of the document on which you are currently working.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Kaufman, L. (2015, July 13). How to use the status bar in word. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.howtogeek.com/220359/how-to-use-the-status-bar-in-word/
59. B
Interactive voice response software. Many businesses use interactive voice response software to automate their services. When a vendor or customer calls the business, an automated system directs the caller through a series of questions or prompts and guides him/her to the appropriate department or through an activity by processing the caller's verbal response. The software allows callers to process orders or access account information at any time of the day or night. Teleconferencing software allows many callers to communicate simultaneously. Just-in-time is an inventory control method that orders goods just in time for them to be used or sold. Robotics refers to a mass production technique in which robots carry out the repetitive tasks that workers find monotonous and tiring.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Tolentino, J. (2015, April 20). Enhancing customer engagement with interactive voice response. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://thenextweb.com/future-ofcommunications/2015/04/20/enhancing-customer-engagement-with-interactive-voiceresponse/#gref
60. C
Make predictions. A database is a collection of facts and information arranged in a logical order so that it can be accessed and used when needed. Businesses often maintain a vast amount of information about customers in databases and analyze the information to make predictions about how customers will respond in the future. For example, businesses might analyze customers' purchases to predict the products they will or will not buy in the future and the amount they are likely to spend. A business might use this information to make changes in its products based on what customers were buying. Businesses use spreadsheet software programs to prepare invoices and manage finances. Businesses use wordprocessing programs to prepare reports.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 38]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
61. A
Clustering. Clustering is a method of data mining that involves grouping data by similarities. If a company groups its customer data based on their incomes, it is using clustering. Clustering is not referred to as huddling. The decision tree model of data mining is organized like a tree, with “branches” and “leaves.” The neural network method of data mining is modeled after the brain's neurological functions.
SOURCE: NF:151
SOURCE: Crayon Data. (2015, April 1). What is clustering in data mining? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://bigdata-madesimple.com/what-is-clustering-in-data-mining/
62. D
Maintain a consistent style. It's important to make sure that all records are input the same way. For example, if states were referred to by abbreviations and their full names, the record keeping system might not be accurate. A style sheet should tell Eduardo how to consistently input data like addresses, company names, etc. He should maintain complete data and avoid duplicate records. Records should not be updated by everyone; this can lead to duplicates and incorrect information.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Pavitra. (2013, March 12). 5 ways to maintain clean and accurate customer information. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.zoho.com/crm/blog/5-ways-maintain-cleanaccurate-data.html
63. B
Technology. Technology is the most rapidly changing category of information included in an environmental scan. Not keeping up with technology can be fatal to a business, so scanning technology is very important. Demographics, the government, and competition tend to change at slower rates than technology.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
64. A
Objective. Statistics are objective, which means that they are factual and not influenced by bias, prejudice, or outside opinion. When using statistics, decision-making is less likely to be biased by individual employees. While statistics can be affordable, accurate, and persuasive, those are not related to employees' biases.
SOURCE: NF:236
SOURCE: Williams, J.T. (2010, July 24). The importance of statistics in management decision making. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-statisticsmanagement-decision-making-4589.html
65. B
Intermediaries. Intermediaries are channel members operating between the producer and the consumer that aid in the movement of goods and services. Today, most lodging facilities maintain websites that have capabilities which allow guests to book their reservations via computer. Internet advancements have reduced the need to book hotel accommodations through travel agents and other travel intermediaries. Intranets are internal computer networks that allow users to access information and communicate with others within an organization. A subsidiary is a company that is entirely controlled by a parent company. Amenities are additional goods and services that make the primary hospitality product more attractive (e.g., dry-cleaning service, wake-up calls). Booking hotel reservations directly with the hotel property has not reduced the use of intranets, subsidiaries, and amenities.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [pp. 158-159]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
66. D
Internet. A personal computer is used to access Internet services. In addition, the Internet can be accessed through cell phones and personal digital assistants (PDAs). Internet services can be used to research, reserve, cancel, and pay for travel and tourism services. Fax machines were developed prior to 1990. Cellular telephones do not require personal computers for usage. Central Reservation Systems were implemented prior to 1990 and are used by persons employed in the travel and tourism industry, not the general public.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [pp. 84-85]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
67. A
Document from being forwarded. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. These software programs do not prevent a virus from being downloaded, an attachment from being included, or a search engine from being used.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Bartlett, M. (2016, February 13). Disable email forwarding in Outlook 2016 & 2013. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.technipages.com/outlook-disable-email-forwarding
68. C
Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. Gavin does not know the type and amount of inventory to order until Madelyn provides him with the forecast that she has prepared. Therefore, Gavin and Madelyn's work activities are interdependent—they must work together and coordinate their work efforts to achieve the business's goals. Unpacking a shipment, placing the items on shelves, and reviewing a monthly financial report are not situations that indicate employees are coordinating their work efforts. Sarah and Shelley are working independently rather than coordinating their efforts.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Schwarz, R. (2017, March 23). Is your team coordinating too much, or not enough? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://hbr.org/2017/03/is-your-team-coordinating-toomuch-or-not-enough
69. D
Monitoring and controlling the project. Monitoring and controlling projects is an important aspect of project management. It includes tracking the project's progress, controlling issues, and managing changes. Tracking its progress, issues, and changes does not happen during the start of the project because at the beginning, there is nothing to track and manage. Communicating with key stakeholders is an important aspect of project management, but it does not include managing progress, issues, and changes. Finally, ending the project does not include tracking and managing progress, issues, and changes because that has already been completed by the end of the project.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: Project Management Institute Educational Foundation. (2012, August 29). Project management skills for life®. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://pmief.org/learningresources/learning-resources-library/project-management-skills-for-life
70. A
It involves the coordination of multiple activities. A project is any type of task that has a distinct beginning and end. Project management is the process of planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of a project to achieve a specific goal. To achieve the project goal, the project manager must coordinate the human and financial resources, equipment, and supplies to carry out the project's activities or tasks. Projects can be simple or complex and do not always require a signed contract from stakeholders.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-006—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
71. C
What level of expertise is required to complete each deliverable? When identifying resources, project managers must ask what level of expertise is needed, so they can know what human resources will be required. Asking what might go wrong with a project pertains to risk management. Asking who is approved to authorize changes to the project plan pertains to change management. Asking about communication pertains to the communications plan.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-007—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
72. A
Reorder point. The reorder point is the level of inventory at which the business needs to place a reorder with the vendor to replenish the inventory, which prevents stock-out situations. The business considers the normal demand for the product, its safety stock, and the vendor's lead time to determine the reorder point of a particular item. Profit margin, buyer's preferences, and accounts receivable are not primary factors that a business considers when it determines when to place a reorder for a regularly stocked item.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Tradegecko. (2017). Reorder point (ROP) calculator - Know when to reorder. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.tradegecko.com/learning-center/reorder-point-formulacalculation
73. C
Clarify any bidders' concerns. A pre-bid meeting is a formal meeting that gives bidders a chance to clarify any concerns with the scope of work, documents, and other details. The pre-bid meeting is usually open to all bidders or a pre-qualified group of bidders. It is not used to filter out potential bidders. The purpose of the pre-bid meeting is not to strengthen relationships. Finally, a request for an extension may come out of a pre-bid meeting, but this is not the only reason for these meetings to occur.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Lynch, J. (2015, June 20). Pre-bid meetings and site visits. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://procurementclassroom.com/pre-bid-meetings-and-site-visits/
74. B
Shipping requirements. A regular or stock purchase order should include all of the necessary information for processing the request, which includes the appropriate quantities and prices of the desired goods. The purchase order should provide the shipping location at the desired time for delivery. In some situations, the buyer may also include the desired shipment method on the purchase order. For example, a business that orders a standard part to repair a piece of equipment may want the part shipped by air to ensure that it receives the part quickly. If the business does not indicate that it needs the item quickly, the vendor may ship it by rail or truck, which would take longer to deliver. Unless the order is a drop shipment, the vendor does not need to know the location of the buyer's customer. The invoice is processed by the vendor rather than the buyer; therefore, the buyer would not provide an invoice code or number. The buyer might need to provide the supplier with credit references from their other vendors if company is placing an initial order; however, this information is not necessary to provide on regular purchase orders. In most cases, the buyer must complete a different form to list credit references.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Loi, K. (2017, October 26). All you ever need to know about purchase orders. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://blog.procurify.com/2013/09/23/all-you-ever-needed-toknow-about-purchase-orders/
75. A
The vendor will pay shipping charges to the national park's gift shop. F.O.B. stands for free (or freight) on board. If terms are F.O.B. shipping point, the buyer pays shipping charges from the point where they are first picked up by the shipping company. If the terms are F.O.B. destination, the vendor is responsible for paying the shipping charges until the goods reach their final destination. In this case, that is the national park's gift shop. Although the park is a government agency, it is still responsible for paying shipping charges. Shipping charges are paid by the vendor or the buyer—not by the shipping company.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Brechner, R. (2009). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers: Annotated instructor's edition (5th ed.) [p. 205]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
76. C
Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often because, as technology changes and hackers become more sophisticated, what was a good strategy five years ago may not be effective today. Protecting digital data is an important task for everyone in the company, not just the IT department. If a company fails to adequately protect its data, customers will likely have a negative perception of that company. Protecting digital customer data is necessary for businesses of all sizes.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Casey, K. (2013, January 28). 6 steps to better customer data protection. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://www.darkreading.com/risk-management/6-steps-to-bettercustomer-data-protection/d/d-id/1108392
77. C
Terrorism. The current rise in terrorist activity is an employee safety issue in the hospitality and tourism industry. The industry is aware of the threat, but terrorism is difficult to control. Most hospitality and tourism businesses explain the issue to employees and take measures to keep employees away from potentially unsafe areas. However, it is virtually impossible for the industry to prevent the threat of terrorism because it is beyond the industry's control. Robbery is a safety issue; however, the hospitality and tourism industry has procedures to follow to reduce the risk and keep employees safe. Fraud is a security issue that involves a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. Liability is the industry's responsibility for the safety of its employees.
SOURCE: OP:058
SOURCE: Braver, J. (2016, January 22). Upsurge in global terrorism is a red flag for hospitality industry. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://ehotelier.com/insights/2016/01/22/upsurge-in-global-terrorism-is-a-red-flag-forhospitality-industry/
78. A
Assist with evacuation. On occasion, tour operators and their tour groups might be involved in emergency situations such as natural disasters. If this happens, tour operators should be prepared to assist local authorities with the evacuation of the group. Tour operators need to know where all group members are in order to quickly and safely evacuate them from dangerous situations such as hurricanes. Tour operators are not expected to provide medical advice, protect private property, or activate alarm systems.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [pp. 454-456]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
79. A
Electronic key cards. These offer excellent security for hotel guests as they do not contain a hotel room number, so that if one is lost or stolen it cannot be easily traced. Metal detectors are used in airports to check passengers entering boarding areas. Retailers use radio frequency identification tags, which are attached to expensive merchandise, to reduce the risk of shoplifting. A property management system is used to store information about reservations, room availability, and room rates.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: McGoey, C. (1996-2017). Hotel security as a guest amenity. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://www.crimedoctor.com/hotel-security-1.htm
80. D
Innovation helps the economy. Innovation is important because it helps the economy. Innovation creates new products and services that, in turn, create new jobs. Innovation can help a business succeed, but it does not guarantee success. In fact, innovation carries a risk of failure. Innovation does not eliminate competition, but it does give an innovative company a competitive advantage. Innovation doesn't necessarily lead to creativity; instead, creativity is more likely to lead to innovation. Innovation involves the process of putting creative ideas into action.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
81. C
Learn to be on time. Billie needs to learn to be on time so she can stick to her schedule. Her problem doesn't have anything to do with knowing when and how she works best, knowing how to make the most of her "down time," or focusing on goals rather than tasks.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—About Time (Time Management Skills)
82. B
Reinforce your interest in the position. It is a courteous gesture to write a follow-up letter to thank the interviewer for the opportunity to discuss the job. The letter may include information that you may have forgotten to share with the interviewer. Letting the interviewer know that you are interested in the position when closing the letter can help reinforce a positive image and help the interviewer to remember you. Communicating your minimum salary requirements and your desire for promotion are not appropriate topics for a follow-up letter and may hinder job offers. Interviewers read résumés before setting up interviews with job applicants.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Purdue OWL. (2010, April 25). Follow-up to an interview. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/634/03
83. A
Yes. Businesses in the hospitality and tourism industry can start small and expand. There are lots of opportunities for people to dream and actualize those dreams when they open their businesses. Not all hospitality and tourism businesses start out as large companies—many are one-person operations and are not part of a franchise. Most hospitality and tourism businesses are started with the owner's debt or equity financing rather than with state funding.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [p. 6]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
84. B
Initiative. Workers who show initiative are willing to act without having to be told to do so. They are willing to accept or seek additional duties, which often exceed their employers' expectations. Workers who are competent and show initiative are often promoted to positions that give them more responsibility. Although courage, self-confidence, and self-control are admirable qualities that often lead to career advancement, these traits are not related to accepting additional work and working without a lot of direction.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kostanyan, A. (2014, October 15). 9 ways to take more initiative at work. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.fastcompany.com/3037092/9-ways-to-take-moreinitiative-at-work
85. D
Help the business achieve its organizational goals. A business must hire employees who have the skills to carry out the tasks that are needed to achieve its organizational goals. Without the appropriate skills, the business will not run efficiently and compete effectively in the marketplace, which is likely to result in financial losses. Hiring skilled employees will not help a business determine funding needs or analyze profit margins. Managers, rather than employees, set the business's organizational standards.
SOURCE: PD:255
SOURCE: SHRM. (2015, September 14). Aligning workforce strategies with business objectives. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-andsamples/toolkits/pages/aligningworkforcestrategies.aspx
86. C
Transportation. The development of rail, automobile, and air travel in the past 150 years has had the most impact on the growth in the hospitality arena. Business and leisure travel has dramatically expanded because the time, comfort, and ease of travel has improved. This, in turn, creates a demand for facilities to house a wide variety of travelers. The retail, lumber, and banking industries would be impacted by growth or decline of the hospitality industry. The higher demand for hospitality services would naturally result in a higher demand for financial backing, building materials for the facilities, and retail establishments for travelers.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Westcott, M. (2015). Introduction to tourism and hospitality in BC: Chapter 2. Transportation. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-2transportation/
87. C
Event management. Destination marketers "sell" locations to clients. In many cases, destination marketers are trying to obtain convention or meeting business for a community. Other segments in event management include convention and visitors bureaus and event planning. The travel and tourism segment consists of air, cruise ships, online travel services, rail, bus, car, and tourism. Recreation consists of attractions, gaming, theme parks, clubs, and recreational activities. Restaurants and managed services include full-service restaurants; casual dining; dinner house restaurants; and food operations for institutions, government agencies, airlines, and businesses.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [p. 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
88. C
Quality. Customers often associate price with quality. For example, customers assume if the price of a hotel room is high, that the quality is high. Full-service hotels that provide upscale services and amenities usually charge high rates for their rooms because guests expect to pay high prices for the quality services. High prices are realistic to guests who stay in full-service hotels. If the hotels lowered their prices, guests might not stay there because the rates are lower than expected, and they might assume that the quality is also low. Guests of full-service hotels do not associate high prices with value or economy. Supply is the quantity of a good or service that sellers are able and willing to offer for sale at a specified price in a given time period.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
89. D
Guarantee on service. Holiday Inn Express is a pure service-provider. Its guests buy the intangible item of lodging. A guarantee is a promise by the seller to the customer that the seller will refund the customer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. Therefore, the statement "No excuses, guaranteed" is an example of a guarantee on a service. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Goods are tangible items.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: LAP-PM-004—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
90. B
Expansion. When a business adds product items or lines to its product mix, it is using the product-mix strategy of expansion. Contraction is a product-mix strategy in which a business removes, or deletes, product items or product lines from its product mix. Alteration is a product-mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its products or product lines. Trading up is a product-mix strategy in which a business adds higher-priced product items or lines to its mix.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
91. A
Bottle of conditioner. Product bundling involves combining two or more complementary products and selling them for one all-inclusive price. The price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. Often, the goal is to get customers to try a product that they might not have considered purchasing. Once the customers have tried it and liked the product, companies hope that customers will purchase the goods or services at another time. It would be most appropriate to bundle a bottle of shampoo with a bottle of conditioner because they are both hair products. A bottle of hand lotion, a bar of soap, and a tube of toothpaste are not complementary products of shampoo.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kerin, R.A., Hartley, S.W., & Rudelius, W. (2011). Marketing (10th ed.) [p. 349]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
92. B
We deal honestly and fairly with our customers and ourselves. A business's core values represent a business's primary values and provide the foundation on which its employees perform their work and conduct themselves. Although goals, strategies, tactics, and employees change, core values remain unchanged. Decreasing overall expenses is a goal. Demonstrating a customer service mindset is a competency or performance indicator. The use of social media is a tactic.
SOURCE: PM:214
SOURCE: National Park Service. (n.d.). What are core values? Retrieved November 13, 2017, from http://www.nps.gov/training/uc/whcv.htm
93. D
To develop an appropriate marketing strategy. Competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than their competitors. Businesses usually try to identify a product's competitive advantage in order to develop a marketing strategy to achieve the business's goal of selling the product to the target market. For example, a product may have a unique feature that makes it better than similar products. Businesses focus on promoting that feature when marketing the product. A business does not identify its product's competitive advantage to create a realistic trademark, evaluate the marketing research process, or to plan a distribution system.
SOURCE: PM:246
SOURCE: Sage, S. (2017). Identify your competitive advantages. Retrieved November 13, 2017, from https://onstrategyhq.com/resources/competitive-advantages/
94. B
A hospitality and tourism product includes all goods and experiences that guests encounter. In the hospitality and tourism industry, product encompasses a wide variety of things. Product includes tangible items, such as a meal in a hotel restaurant and the bed pillows in sleeping rooms. Product also includes service. Service might include facility cleanliness and the timeliness and courtesy of room service attendants. The level of amenities is also part of the guest's overall experience. Heated swimming pools, saunas, and athletic facilities often influence the level of guest satisfaction with the hotel stay. Although service is a very important part of the hospitality product, it is not necessarily true that it is the most important. For example, a restaurant might have an attentive wait staff, but without tasty food with an attractive presentation, the guest's overall experience might not be positive. Members of the hospitality and tourism industry should identify the needs and wants of the intended target market before developing a product.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [p. 232]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
95. B
Sales promotion. This refers to any promotional activity other than advertising, publicity, and personal selling. Examples of sales promotions include displays, coupons, and sweepstakes. Advertising is the nonpersonal, paid presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Public relations is the process of building goodwill toward an organization. Selling refers to the planned, personalized communication made by a sales representative to influence a customer's purchase decision and enhance future business opportunities.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 405-407). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. A
Lack of integration. One challenge that an organization might face when implementing quality management is a lack of integration throughout the entire company. Unless the entire organization participates in quality management, it will not be successful. Specific goals and plans are a good thing when it comes to quality management! A lack of money in the budget might be a challenge, but a budget surplus would also be good. Laws and regulations usually do not keep organizations from pursuing quality management.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
97. C
Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills. Nepotism is the practice of hiring employees on the basis of the relationship between the new hire and an employee. Hiring a family member who doesn't possess the skills to perform the job is an example of nepotism. When the family member does not have the appropriate skills to perform the job, it presents an ethical issue (favoritism) and can increase the business's financial risk. The business is paying someone who cannot perform the work efficiently, which means the business isn't getting the most for its payroll dollars. In addition, if the new hire does not have the skills to run equipment safely, s/he is more likely to break equipment or cause injury. As long as the activities are legal and do not harm others, communicating business information to customers, developing processes to test product durability, and striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers are ethical actions.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Boone, G., & Kurtz, D.L. (2009). Contemporary marketing 2009 (p. 101). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
98. C
Comfort. Some people prefer traveling to familiar places, which in turn, provides comfort. Adventure seekers tend to enjoy visiting different locations and participating in a variety of activities. The situation does not provide enough information to determine if price or prestige play role in the travel motives or decisions.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 164-170]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
99. A
To increase the number of families dining at Big Roy. Although Big Roy is potentially selling the gift certificates at a huge loss ($25.00 in gift certificates for $3.99), the restaurant expects to more than cover this loss through future sales. Big Roy is anticipating that when a child receives one of these gift certificates, her/his entire family will accompany the child to Big Roy. The restaurant's overall sales among families will increase because the child's parents will purchase meals for themselves and possibly dessert for everyone in the family. The restaurant's primary motivation is not likely to be to publicize its cakes and pies, feed underprivileged children, or generate any initial profit from the sale of each packet of gift certificates.
SOURCE: SE:479
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 412-413]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
100. A
$586.24. To calculate the amount charged to the hotel guest's credit card, first multiply the number of nights stayed by the room rate (4 X $128 = $512). Then, multiply the dollar amount of the four-night stay by the sales tax rate ($512 X 114.5% = $586.24) or ($512 X 14.5% or .145 = $74.24; $512 + $74.24 = $586.24).
SOURCE: SE:329
SOURCE: Eliot, A. (2017, February 8). How to calculate hotel tax. Retrieved November 14, 2017, from http://traveltips.usatoday.com/calculate-hotel-tax-61990.html
Test 1183
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Patent. Patents protect inventions and prevent others from making, using, or selling that invention. A new chemical formula for glue is a new invention, so Charice should obtain a patent to protect it. Trademarks protect the names of products and prevent other companies from using those names for their own products. Copyrights protect original works, such as music, paintings, literary works, and television. A prototype is an early test or sample of a product, not a form of protection for intellectual property.
SOURCE: BL:051
SOURCE: AllLaw (2018). Protecting your intellectual property: How and why. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.alllaw.com/articles/intellectual_property/article5.asp
2. A
Environmental. The purpose of environmental law is to protect natural resources air, water, soil, wildlife, etc. Constitutional law is a category of law that involves implementing, protecting, and interpreting the foundation of law (supreme law) for the nation (e.g., the United States Constitution and the Constitution of Canada). Cyber law focuses on rules about the Internet and computer use. Securities law is a category of law that regulates the issuance and use of financial instruments such as banknotes, stocks, bonds, etc.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Brown University. (2018). Fields of law. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.brown.edu/academics/college/advising/law-school/fields-law/fields-law
3. C
Are safe and clean. Hospitality products differ a great deal and include such items as a meal in a restaurant or a sleeping room at a lodging facility. The guests have a right to expect that the facility provides clean linens and disinfected bathrooms. Guests expect that the locks on the doors are adequate to keep them safe from intruders or that measures have been taken to keep guests from tripping over loose carpet. Guests have the right to expect that the food that they purchase is safe and free from bacteria. Since each individual has different standards, it is not realistic to expect hospitality businesses to meet everyone's standards. For example, a hotel restaurant cannot create every menu entree to make each guest happy. The restaurant must consider several factors including the target market and costs associated with the food. Amenities are the "extras" that a hospitality business provides the extras that guests do not usually expect. If guests do not expect certain amenities, they do not have rights to amenities. Each country and/or local government has different regulations that hospitality businesses must follow.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Rajaram, A. (2014, July 15). 10 basic things a hotel must offer guests. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.cntraveler.com/stories/2014-07-15/10-basic-things-a-hotel-mustoffer-guests
4. C
Active. Active reading involves highlighting, underlining, and taking notes to help you engage with the text and understand it. Speed reading involves reading very quickly. Lauren is not being passive; instead, she is engaging with the text and making sure she comprehends it. Extensive reading is used to develop a general understanding of a text and is usually done for enjoyment, not for classwork.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: The Trustees of Princeton University. (2018). Active reading strategies: Remember and analyze what you read. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://mcgraw.princeton.edu/active-reading-strategies
5. B
Paraphrasing. Message recipients use many techniques to encourage and indicate their understanding of a speaker's message. In the example, Jack is paraphrasing to verify his understanding of Wendi's statement. Paraphrasing involves restating a message in other words to confirm the message recipient's understanding. To use paraphrasing effectively, the message recipient must actively listen to the speaker's message. Paraphrasing does not involve expressing an opinion. Quoting involves reciting or writing a thought, idea, or statement using the speaker's exact words.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Active listening. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/ActiveListening.htm
6. A
Defending an idea objectively. Roberto is using facts to overcome an objection and defend his idea in a professional manner. A conclusion is the prepared ending of a presentation. Since Roberto had just finished his presentation, he had already delivered the conclusion. A transition occurs mid-speech to shift from one point to another smoothly. Cultural barriers to new ideas occur when a person allows his/her cultural background to affect his/her thinking. Roberto is trying to overcome a barrier to his presentation by using fact-based research.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Thabet, Dia. (2010, November 28). How to defend your idea without getting defensive. Retrieved on September 12, 2018, from http://ezinearticles.com/?How-to-Defend-Your-IdeaWithout-Getting-Defensive&id=5460159
7. B
Challenging the audience to make informed choices at the grocery store. Challenging the audience to take action could persuade them to accept Gabriele's view. Providing an outline or summarizing the main points would do little to persuade. Sharing her resources may show she is well-informed but does little to persuade the audience to accept her view.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
8. A
Editing. Editing is the process of assessing the flow and clarity of written materials. Effective editing often involves reorganizing or shortening sentences, changing words, and correcting spelling and grammatical errors to improve the readability of the document. Researching is the process of gathering information for the report, which is done before the writing process begins. Organizing involves planning the order in which to present the information in the document. Formatting involves establishing the "mechanical" structure of the document, such as using block or indented paragraphs, page-number location, etc.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (1st ed.) [p. 163]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
9. B
Use a content calendar to schedule posts on each platform. A content calendar organizes the way content is created, posted, and promoted. It is an effective way to schedule posts and be sure that each social media platform is receiving attention. For example, if your calendar has a section for each platform, you will easily see if a platform does not have enough posts. Posting on a different platform every day of the week is not effective because content should be posted daily on every platform. You should not focus on only the platforms that you prefer because other effective platforms might be underutilized. Finally, assigning a different person to manage each platform might create inconsistencies in content and strategy.
SOURCE: CO:193
SOURCE: Walters, K. (2017, June 27). How to create a social media content calendar: Tips and templates. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://blog.hootsuite.com/how-to-create-asocial-media-content-calendar/
10. B
Email communications are more difficult to secure. Email messages can be intercepted by unscrupulous people in a number of different ways, both physically (if either the sending or receiving device is stolen or lacking effective security features) and digitally (such as through hacking). Paper records, on the other hand, can be more easily protected using locked, fireproof cabinets and other physical storage. Poor spelling, slang, and inappropriate remarks can occur in any form of communication or documentation and should be avoided. Any business communication can contain confidential information, but the inability to effectively secure email puts any private information contained in email messages at risk.
SOURCE: CO:202
SOURCE: Duncan, G. (2013, August 24). Here's why your email is insecure and likely to stay that way. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/can-email-everbe-secure/#ixzz4H8g1HSEp
11. D
Formal, downward. Downward communication occurs when management sends messages to lower level employees. Formal communication involves following a specific protocol or systematic process when transmitting messages. In the example, the human resources manager communicates changes that affect all employees because it is an aspect of his/her job. Therefore, the human resources manager is following the protocol as indicated in his/her job description. Lateral communication occurs among employees (e.g., coworkers) at the same level. Mass communication involves simultaneous transmission of nonpersonal messages to members of a large market segment. Upward communication occurs when lower level employees send messages to management.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (1st ed.) [pp. 27-28]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
12. B
Rudeness. Rudeness is a common source of complaints about personnel. Customers are not going to be happy if they have to deal with a discourteous employee. Creation of policies and hidden costs are sources of complaints about the business itself. Faulty design is a source of complaints about the product.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
13. C
Diffusing the customer's anger. In the hospitality and tourism industry, it is important to know how to resolve conflicts with customers who are unhappy with the service. One of the first steps is diffusing anger because it is difficult to resolve conflict when one or more parties is angry. Petra is diffusing anger by remaining calm, listening, and expressing sympathy. In this example, Petra is not solving the problem, deferring to authority, or avoiding the conflict completely.
SOURCE: CR:044
SOURCE: BC Cook Articulation Committee and The BC Cook Articulation Committee. (2015). Working in the food service industry: Conflict resolution. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://opentextbc.ca/workinginfoodserviceindustry/chapter/conflict-resolution/
14. D
A customer lies about the condition of his/her hotel room to get a discount. Sometimes, customers will act fraudulently for personal gain, which can cause customer service issues. Customers who lie about the quality of their experiences to get discounts are committing fraud. Feeling insulted and wanting an employee fired is not necessarily related to fraud. Staff members stealing food from the kitchen and companies treating customers differently based on their races are not customer service situations related to fraud.
SOURCE: CR:048
SOURCE: Astute. (2016, May 6). Goodwill abuse: How customer fraud can cost you big. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.astutesolutions.com/blog/articles/goodwill-abusehow-customer-fraud-can-cost-you-big
15. B
Communicate the company's service-quality expectations to employees. Image management involves the effective use of touchpoints all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its customers and reinforce its brand value. A company's employees are touchpoints because they interact with customers. Customers often base their impressions of a business positive and negative on the interactions they have with the company's employees. Therefore, the company must train employees to provide the service levels that the company expects them to provide customers, which in turn reinforces the company's image. Businesses may offer stock options, profit sharing, and bonuses as part of their benefits packages. Production planning is determining how products will be produced and in what amounts. Reorganizing involves changing or restructuring the way the company will do its company's work.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Marken Communications. (2015). Corporate image, we all have one, but few work to protect, project it. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.markencom.com/docs/03mar13.htm
16. C
Product; service. Hospitality and tourism businesses offer both products and services. Products are the main items or services that are purchased, whereas a service is an additional activity that makes the experience better as a whole. A meal is a product because it is the main purchase, whereas the way it is presented is a service because it adds additional value to the meal. A meal is not necessarily a promotion. The presentation of a meal could be a sales tactic, but it is not a tangible good. Both a meal and a restaurant are purchases. Meals and their presentations can both be features and/or benefits.
SOURCE: CR:050
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 384]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
17. C
Customer-focused. One important factor associated with positive customer experiences is being customer-focused. Esteban is demonstrating this factor by greeting the guests by name, making eye contact, and smiling to show he cares about treating the customers well. Esteban is not necessarily demonstrating distant, inconsistent, or accurate service in this example.
SOURCE: CR:052
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 24-28]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
18. B
Manage customer experience during peaks in demand. Hospitality and tourism businesses often experience peaks in demand and need to manage customers' experiences when busy. Lucia's Bistro experiences peaks in demand during regular dinner hours. Lucia's Bistro needs to manage this demand without angering impatient customers or losing business. The restaurant can shift demand by offering deals that draw people into the restaurant earlier, spreading demand out and making it easier to manage. Offering half-off appetizers will not necessarily increase gross sales margins, improve product quality, or reduce the number of customers.
SOURCE: CR:038
SOURCE: Sharma, S. (2016, March 21). Managing demand and capacity and waiting line strategies. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.slideshare.net/28Sneha/8managingdemand-and-capacity-and-waiting-line-strategies
19. A
Accounts receivable. One aspect of processing customer payments involves accurately crediting the customer's account. When a business receives payment, it records the amount of payment as a receipt of cash. The increase in cash increases the assets of the business. The payment also reduces the amount that the customer owes the business, so the payment must be deducted from accounts receivable, which are the monies owed to a business by its customers. As customers pay, the business's cash increases while the accounts receivable decrease. Capital expenditures are a business's investment in goods and other property. Accounts payable are the monies the business owes to others. Sales expenses are the costs involved in selling products.
SOURCE: CR:042
SOURCE: Accounting-Simplified.com. (2010-2017). Cash transactions. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://accounting-simplified.com/accounting-for-cash-transactions.html
20. A
Offer a discount on the customer's next stay. One way to engage with customers on social media is to encourage positive public feedback with discounts and other rewards. If a customer posts a positive review after his/her stay at the resort, the staff should offer the customer a discount to enhance his/her customer experience even more. There is no need for the resort to respond apologetically, as the feedback is positive. Searching for customer trends is a good strategy but will not necessarily enhance the customer's experience. Finally, posting frequently will not necessarily enhance the customer's experience.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Zeringue, A. (2017, October 24). 4 steps to enhancing the customer experience with social media. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://marketingland.com/4-steps-enhancingcustomer-experience-social-media-226632
21. D
Task. Task utility is the usefulness created by altering or changing the characteristics of a service (or task) to make it more useful to the consumer. When marketers offer a new or updated service, they are creating or increasing benefits for consumers by doing something helpful or useful. When the grocery store offers to help people carry out their groceries, it is increasing benefits for customers like Sara. Form utility is the usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. Place utility is the usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Time utility is the usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013 Use It (Economic Utility)
22. C
Freemium. A freemium model includes giving away a service at no cost as a way to establish a relationship with customers and eventually profit from add-ons or premium options. A music streaming service with both a free and paid version is using the freemium model with the goal of eventually converting free users to paying customers. This example does not depict a franchise, auction, or affiliate business model.
SOURCE: EC:138
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015, April 27). What are some examples of different types of business models in major industries? Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042715/what-are-some-examples-different-typesbusiness-models-major-industries.asp
23. D
The supply of materials used in manufacturing a product has decreased. Businesses must be alert to changes occurring in their environments so that they can be proactive in making changes rather than being reactive once changes have taken place. A reduction in the supply of materials used in manufacturing the business's products indicates that the business will be paying higher prices for the materials, or the business should find substitute materials to replace those currently used. Stable demand and little employee turnover indicate stability and would not require changes. The business may or may not need to make adjustments if the number of their competitors decreases.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: Fields, J. (2011-2013). Adapt or die: Selling into a falling market. Retrieved September 12 2018, from http://www.jonathanfields.com/blog/adapt-or-die-selling-into-a-falling-market/
24. C
Output. Outputs are the goods and services produced (the number of gifts wrapped). Inputs are the resources used to produce the outputs. Technology is scientific applications to business objectives or the methods used to attain those objectives. Ratios are used to express productivity.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
25. C
They are more easily resolved. When economic growth occurs, the government has more funds to spend on solving domestic economic problems such as poverty, undereducated individuals, and inadequate medical services. The amount of economic growth directly affects the government's ability to deal with domestic economic problems. When growth stands still or declines, economic problems tend to become worse. Domestic problems will never be completely solved.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
26. C
Consumer confidence is high. When consumers have confidence in a nation's economy, the currency exchange rate is likely to increase. During an economic contraction, unemployment increases, and consumer confidence and the strength of the economy decrease. Quick, dramatic changes in stock values can affect a nation's currency exchange rate; however, stock values tend to fluctuate slightly in a strong economy, so this may not have a great impact on the currency exchange rate.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-030 Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
27. A
Bribery. The most common form of corruption affecting international trade is bribery, or giving money to someone in return for some sort of favor. Bribes are often made to government officials, but government involvement in trade is not necessarily corrupt. Negotiation and uncertainty avoidance are also not forms of corruption.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
28. B
Business visa for the country he will visit. Many countries require that visitors obtain a visa before entering. Visas are provided by a foreign country's embassy or consulate in the individual's home country. It is not a good idea to bring a list of credit card numbers, a bank or loan statement, or large amounts of cash when traveling. If any of these items is lost or stolen, significant problems will arise.
SOURCE: EC:141
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013, August 27). Your basic guide to business travel abroad. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/08/27/basicguide-to-business-travel-abroad/#1907438c4093
29. A
Be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the fort's history. Tour guide managers who work at landmarks should have a lot of knowledge about the historical facts and relevance of the landmarks. When they enthusiastically share their knowledge with tour guide trainees, the trainees are then able to communicate facts and answer tourists' questions correctly when they are guiding tours. Tour guides communicate tour rules and expectations to tourists. Jack's primary responsibility is to train tour guides rather than plan entertaining activities for children and young adults or debate world events.
SOURCE: EI:090
SOURCE: Tran, L. (2018, June 24). Tour guide characteristics: What tour operators should look for when hiring. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.rezdy.com/blog/tour-guidecharacteristics-every-tour-operator-should-look-for/
30. B
Meghan finishes her project by Friday, just as she promised her boss she would. Accountability means doing what you say you will do. If Meghan promises her boss she will have her project done by Friday, it's important that she actually finishes the project by that date. You should never make promises you can't keep. When Orion treats all his employees the same and doesn't give anyone special privileges, he is being fair. Fairness means that we treat everyone the way we want to be treated, without partiality or bias. When Moira blames her coworker for a mistake, she is not being accountable. Accountable people accept consequences and learn from their mistakes. They don't make excuses for their behavior, and they don't blame other people for things they did wrong. When Robert stands up for what's right, he is displaying courage. Courage means doing the right thing even when it's not easy, fun, or popular.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
31. A
Acknowledging your actions. To accept responsibility for your actions, you must first acknowledge that you made a mistake or error in judgment. If you discover the mistake yourself, then you can advise your supervisor about the mistake and determine how to correct it. If someone else discovers the mistake, you should acknowledge what you did and take steps to correct it. Taking corrective action and apologizing for a mistake can only occur after the mistake has been recognized or acknowledged. Mistakes can be small and do not always cause major problems. When you accept responsibility for your actions, you don't provide excuses or blame others.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
32. B
Surround yourself with positive people. When Hannah feels more positive hanging out with Tyler, she's illustrating the "surround yourself with positive people" step in the process of maintaining a positive attitude. By hanging out with a positive friend, she feeds her own optimism. Likewise, if she hangs out with a negative friend, her own attitude will suffer. Thinking positively, realizing it won't happen overnight, and staying healthy are all steps in the process of maintaining a positive attitude, but they are not illustrated by Hannah's actions.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
33. D
It often takes time to feel comfortable with the change. Everyone experiences change it's unavoidable. To adapt to the change, it is important to remember that it often takes time to feel comfortable with the change, which depends on the person and the situation. Being patient and recognizing your feelings will help you better adapt to the change. Resisting change often makes the change more difficult. Often, fear drives the resistance to change and may be valid or irrational. All change involves a certain level of risk, but the level of risk depends on the change involved.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Chansky, T. (2012, November 6). Mastering transitions: Trust that you'll adjust to the changes in your life. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.huffingtonpost.com/tamar-chansky/transition-tips_b_1851793.html
34. A
Discussing specific product-development processes with external business sources. It is unethical to knowingly discuss private information. Employees who have knowledge of their employers' special processes or trade secrets should not discuss this confidential information with others. If a competitor gets the confidential information, it could be very costly to the business. Using passwords to limit access to confidential information, providing employees with guidelines for appropriate behavior, and implementing whistle-blowing procedures are ethical business actions.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2018). Ten strategies for trade secret protection. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://corporate.findlaw.com/litigation-disputes/ten-strategies-for-trade-secretprotection.html
35. D
Better conflict resolution. Disagreements, grudges, and hurt feelings take up time that could be used more efficiently. Transparent people don't hide their feelings to avoid conflict instead, they face disagreements openly and politely. Disagreements can be resolved and laid to rest, instead of allowed to fester and create a hostile, unproductive work environment. Increased sales, better ideas, and a good reputation are all benefits of open, honest communication, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:129
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129 Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)
36. A
Help your audience feel good about their decision. After you've successfully sold your idea, you need to make your audience members feel confident about their decision. You can do this by reiterating the benefits of your idea and complimenting your audience's willingness to take action. Conducting research, preparing responses to objections, and appealing to the audience's needs are all steps in the idea selling process that take place before affirming the audience's decision.
SOURCE: EI:108
SOURCE: LAP-EI-108 Do They Buy It? ("Selling" Ideas to Others)
37. C
Understand your audience. When you are persuading others, you are trying to get them to see things a certain way or to take a certain course of action. Before you can persuade people, you must first know what appeals to them. When you have a general idea about their likes, dislikes, opinions, and needs, you will be able to prepare a message that will appeal to them. After you understand your audience, and you know how to present your message in a way that will appeal to them, you can state your case using clear communication, which may include expressing a particular want or need.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
38. A
A personal vision can help you discover your purpose in life. Determining your personal vision can help you discover your true purpose in life why you're here and what you're working toward. By understanding your purpose, you can live a more fulfilling and satisfying life. Having a personal vision does not guarantee that you will achieve your dreams, and it does not mean that you can work less and accomplish more. Achieving your personal vision will require hard work and commitment for many years. Your personal vision does not finalize any aspect of your life you can make changes to your vision at any time.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063 Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
39. B
Negative. A negative organizational culture is one that hinders effective performance and that contributes to feelings of exclusion, discontent, and frustration. Negative cultures generally result in unsatisfied, unmotivated employees that are uncommitted to their work and to their companies. The culture at Twain Enterprises is not positive because it does not contribute to effective performance or satisfied employees. There is not enough information given to know if Twain Enterprises has a strong or weak culture.
SOURCE: EI:064
SOURCE: LAP-EI-064 Culture Club (The Nature of Organizational Culture)
40. B
Ethical principles. Following ethical principles means Whitley's ethical beliefs don't change when she's in a new situation. She follows the same ethical principles no matter where she is or whom she's with. Her ethics are not situational and may not be in line with popular beliefs. If Whitley did not behave ethically, she could face negative consequences.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)
41. B
Flexibility. Entrepreneurs must be flexible and adaptable in order for their business or project to succeed. By shaping her own schedule around the needs of her clients, Jenna is showing that she is flexible and customer-oriented. Honesty, initiative, and integrity are all characteristics of good entrepreneurs; however, Jenna is not exhibiting them in this situation.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Daisyme, P. (2015, August 24). 7 characteristics of successful entrepreneurs. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://due.com/blog/7-characteristics-of-successfulentrepreneurs/
42. A
Bank notes. Bank notes are currency. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. A mutual fund is a collection of shareholders' money that is invested by professional fund managers in an assortment of different securities, such as stocks and bonds. A bond is a piece of paper (real or virtual) that says the governing body or corporation will borrow your money at a particular interest rate for a particular period of time. Municipal bonds are issued by local governments.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: McMahon, M., & Harris, B. (2018, August 27). What is a bank note? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-bank-note.htm
43. A
Employers sometimes match employees' contributions. Many employers will match an employee's contribution to his/her savings account up to a certain amount each year. As a result, individuals essentially earn free money for their retirement, simply by saving. Although contributing to a retirement account is a good way to ensure future financial health, it does not guarantee financial security. Governments do not typically offer loan relief as a reward for saving. Retirement account holders do not accumulate rewards points for saving.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: CNN Money. (2018). What is a matching contribution? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://money.cnn.com/retirement/guide/401k_basics.moneymag/index9.htm
44. A
A retail bank. Retail banks provide a variety of financial services, including savings and checking accounts for individuals. Opening a savings account with a properly insured bank will provide Patrick with a safe place to keep his money, and he will earn interest on the money that he places in his savings account. Patrick will also be able to remove money to pay bills without incurring the financial penalties he might experience if he borrowed money from his retirement fund. Investing in the stock market involves risk; however, Patrick may earn dividends on stocks that perform well. A holding company (parent company) is a business that owns the majority of another company's shares of stock.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, January 26). Retail banking. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/retailbanking.asp
45. D
Stocks. Some securities and investments are riskier than others. Low-risk investments are typically very stable, meaning that there's little chance of financial loss. However, that also means that there's little chance of substantial financial gain, either. Low-risk investments include savings accounts, money market accounts, certificate of deposits, and bonds. High-risk investments, on the other hand, provide a much greater opportunity for loss or return. Collectibles are high-risk investments they may skyrocket or plummet in value depending on demand. Finally, moderate-risk investments fall somewhere between low-risk and high-risk investments in terms of loss and return. Stocks, mutual funds, and real estate typically carry moderate risk.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Sucess (Types of Investments)
46. D
Boost profitability. When a business is not making as much money as it would like to, its managers look for ways to boost profitability. They do so by analyzing financial information. In this situation, managers would not be creating a budget, entering into a contract, or making purchases.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
47. A
Writing checks for payments. Controlling cash also involves the payment of cash for purchases. To control cash, businesses usually write checks to pay invoices, and for other purchases and expenses. The checks draw on the business's cash; however, writing checks is safer than paying with cash because there is a record of the transaction. Businesses do not mark currency. Eliminating expense reimbursements is not a cash-control procedure. Businesses accept credit cards as a convenience to customers rather than to control cash.
SOURCE: FI:113
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2018, August 27). What is cash control? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-cash-control.htm
48. A
Working capital management. An organization's finance function is responsible for managing the business's working capital and making capital investment decisions for the company. Working capital is the difference between a business's current assets and current liabilities. Working capital management focuses on the company's current balance of assets and liabilities and involves the management of accounts payable and receivable, inventory, and cash. Working capital management involves decisions made for the short-term one year or less. Capital investment decisions determine which projects the business will invest in, how the investment(s) will be financed, and whether or not to pay dividends to the company's shareholders. The business's capital structure consists of the mix of debt and equity financing used to finance investments and projects. Market risk is the risk of financial loss due to the decreased value of an investment, and market risk management involves using financial instruments to manage exposure to market risk. Capital investment decisions, the business's capital structure, and market risk management are typically long-term in nature. Talia is not responsible for capital investment decisions, the business's capital structure, or market risk management.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
49. B
Financial ethics. An important aspect of financial ethics is making sure the business makes a profit and serves the best interests of its stakeholders (e.g., employees, customers, investors). This would include honest communication, transparent financial reporting, and fair pricing practices. Creative processes, maintenance activities, and forecasting methods are important business considerations; however, these activities are not directly related to the business's profitability and the stakeholders' best interests.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2018, April 26). How financial ethics and profitability are connected. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/how-financial-ethics-andprofitability-are-connected-393247
50. B
Accepting mobile credit card payments. Businesses have a lot to consider when deciding whether or not to accept credit card payments and how to accept credit card payments. Mobile credit cards are increasingly popular with the younger, technologically-savvy demographic, so the coffee shop should consider accepting mobile credit card payments. Instituting a minimum amount for credit card payments, gathering analytics from credit card payments, and purchasing a receipt printer are not necessarily related to appealing to a young, tech-savvy demographic.
SOURCE: FI:789
SOURCE: Worldpay. (2018). Need to accept credit cards? 5 critical considerations. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from https://www.vantiv.com/merchant-services/choose-merchant-cardprocessing
51. C
Productive. Human resources management exists to make sure that every employee in the company is productive because human resources control all other resources and can truly make or break a business. HR managers cannot necessarily ensure that an employee will be happy, friendly, or wealthy.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
52. B
Religion. One issue associated with religious diversity is that different religions celebrate different holidays. If Rita has to work during her most important holidays, it is likely that her employer does not have a policy that accommodates religious diversity. Working during important holidays is not necessarily associated with gender, disability, or age.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Gibson, D. (2013, September 1). Religion in workplace increasingly diverse; Comes with potential pitfalls. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/01/diversity-religion-workplaceincreasing_n_3846021.html
53. A
Statistics in a trade publication's article about the competitor's advertising campaign. Secondary data are facts, figures, and statistics that have been collected for projects other than the one at hand. In this case, the statistics in the trade publication's article were generated for a purpose other than providing the competition with data about its promotional activities. Surveys, focus groups, and interviews are used to collect primary data: facts, figures, and statistics collected for the project at hand.
SOURCE: NF:281
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 681-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. D
The local chamber of commerce. Many local chambers of commerce post tourism information on their websites. The sites post different types of statistics from occupancy rates of lodging facilities and the demographic characteristics of typical visitors to the number of cars that drive the toll roads during vacation season. This type of information helps travel agents determine the best destinations for travel clients. It may also help convention planners determine the optimal site for a trade show or business meeting. The Farmer's Almanac provides long-range weather forecasts. The Transportation Security Administration is a government agency that protects the nation's transportation systems. The American Marketing Association is a professional organization for individuals who work in the field of marketing.
SOURCE: NF:286
SOURCE: Cape Cod Chamber of Commerce. (2018). Tourism statistics. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.whycapecod.org/tourism-statistics.html
55. B
The resort's peak season occurred during the second quarter. Successful hospitality businesses monitor their sales data on a continuous basis. Monitoring sales data helps resorts identify trends and selling cycles, establish sales forecasts, and determine if they are meeting their sales objectives. The provided sales information reveals a substantial sales increase during the second quarter, which indicates that this is the resort's peak season. This is likely due to higher resort occupancy rates, and the purchase of more ski passes and ski rentals during the winter months, when guests stay at the resort to snow ski. There is not enough information provided to determine if the resort is experiencing financial problems or if it did not meet its annual sales objectives. Total sales for the year were $2,369,427 ($652,276 + $947,550 + $423,835 + $345,766 = $2,369,427). The first and third quarter sales were $1,076,111 ($652,276 + $423,835 = $1,076,111). Half of the annual sales would be $1,184,713.50 ($2,369,427 / 2 = $1,184,713.50). Therefore, the combined sales for the first and third quarters did not exceed half of the year's annual sales.
SOURCE: NF:288
SOURCE: Abbott, M. (2014, May 25). Why monitor your sales statistics. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.melinaabbott.com/why-monitor-your-sales-statistics/
56. D
Staying on task. Employees who stay on task are focused on the activity at hand and do not allow themselves to be distracted. When employees are focused on their work, they are more likely to finish their assignments and meet deadlines. Meeting deadlines is an important aspect of achieving the company's goals. Tasks vary by job and may or may not include communicating with customers and vendors, finishing reports, and developing products within a set time frame. Following trends is an ongoing process that helps the company identify new markets and changing needs and, if acted upon, can improve the company's profitability.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
57. A
Behavioral-benefits sought. A market consists of buyers who differ in one or more ways. By identifying those differences, hospitality and tourism businesses can tailor their marketing efforts to appeal to specific groups. With behavioral segmentation, people are grouped together on the basis of their knowledge, attitude, and use/response to a product. In this scenario, the group is travelers who have pets with them. This form of behavioral segmentation is based on the product benefits that the group wants lodging that accepts pets. Psychographic segmentation based on social class divides people into different social classes. Demographic segmentation divides people into groups based on certain variables such as age, gender, race, religion, educational level, or income level. Use of a mass market approach would indicate that the hotel will not be differentiating among its guests and will be using the same marketing strategies with all guests.
SOURCE: MP:035
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 202-209]. Boston, MA: Prentice Hall.
58. D
Federal income tax returns. The IRS suggests there are some records that a company should keep for the life of the business. These records include federal income tax returns. Some other types of business documents don't need to be kept as long. Documents such as cancelled checks and invoices only need to be kept about six or seven years, while credit card statements only need to be retained for a year. It's important to keep documents for the recommended amount of time in the event of a tax audit. When it's time to dispose of a file, per the company's policy, that file should be completely destroyed.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Hourigan, M. (2017, March 7). 7 documents small business owners should keep for important tax records. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.infusionsoft.com/business-success-blog/business-management/finance/7documents-small-business-owners-should-keep-for-tax-records
59. A
Preserve the company's organizational identity. A company's information management function is responsible for keeping track of important documents and files pertaining to the company's corporate history. The function also manages information regarding the company's copyrights, patents, trademarks, etc. By doing so, information management helps preserve the company's organizational identity and history. Maintaining information about a company's copyrights, patents, trademarks, and corporate history does not help serve customers more effectively and efficiently, maintain the company's building and equipment, or communicate the company's financial position.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
60. D
Random access memory. Random access memory (RAM) is the computer's short-term memory responsible for storing information needed by software applications that are currently in use. The number of applications that a computer can run at once depends a great deal on the amount of RAM that the computer has. A computer with a lot of RAM can run several applications at once, while a computer with little RAM can run a much more limited number of programs at the same time. The central processing unit (CPU) is the brains of the computer it performs calculations and tasks that allow software to function properly. The hard disk drive (HDD) is the computer's long-term memory where more permanent information is stored. A web-hosting service is an Internet service provider (ISP) that keeps businesses' web pages up and running for a fee.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Nicholls, M. (n.d.). Components of a computer system and storage devices. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.ictlounge.com/html/computercomponents.htm
61. B
"how to make good decisions as a team" "les mckeown". When searching for something very specific, the goal is to have the search field retrieve the fewest results possible. When the search engine retrieves fewer results, the researcher can often avoid reading through a lot of material to get the desired information. Placing quotation marks (rather than parentheses) around the exact article title, as well as the author's name, narrows the results that the search mechanism retrieves. Placing OR between the phrase and the author's name increases the number of results retrieved because the search engine looks for the article title and the author's name as individual queries as well as a combined query. Additionally, the search should contain the author's full name to narrow the results. Placing a minus sign before a search term removes the term from the search, which increases the search results because all articles containing the key words written by other authors are likely to show up in the results. Brackets are not generally used in searching.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Norton, A. (2011, April 27). 10 tips for smarter, more efficient Internet searching. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-tips-for-smartermore-efficient-internet-searching/
62. D
A website-building platform. The first step in creating and posting a basic web page is selecting a website-building platform (such as Wordpress). Choosing a template, background colors, and font size all come later.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Mening, R. (2018). How to make a website. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://websitesetup.org/
63. A
Registration. Software best handles routine tasks such as registration. Registration can be handled online, over the phone, or in person. All registrations go into a software program. This makes it easy to analyze sales and marketing data. Concierge and room setup services are performed by humans. Sales forecasting is not a service.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Capterra. (n.d.). Reservations software FAQs. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.capterra.com/reservations-software/faq/
64. B
Compare variables. A chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in databases in order to compare several variables that change from property to property. For example, one hotel might be located in an affluent suburb while another one is located in an urban area. The chain might analyze the information in its database concerning both communities in order to make appropriate marketing decisions such as the type of services to offer in each location. Although the chain provides the same type of goods and services to both communities, it needs to analyze data in order to know if the consumers in each community have different wants and needs. Before analyzing databases to compare variables, a chain of hotels might survey guests and tabulate the findings. A chain would not analyze databases in order to organize products.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 614]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
65. C
Rule induction. Rule-induction data mining techniques are often used to determine if-then relationships among a set of data. A histogram is a graphic that is similar to a bar chart but groups data into specific ranges. The neural networking approach uses computer applications that mimic the ways in which the human brain processes data, which often involve sequencing data patterns. Quantitative reasoning is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: NF:149
SOURCE: Tutorials Point. (2018). Data mining - Rule based classification. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_mining/dm_rbc.htm
66. A
Burden of proof. It's important to keep good records because you are responsible for proving the expenses you deduct on your tax return. This includes things like bills, receipts, and cancelled checks. Von carefully files these items so that they can be easily found.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: IRS. (2018, May 8). Recordkeeping. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/recordkeeping
67. C
Pet-friendly hotels. Because many people consider pets to be important members of their families, they often prefer to travel with them. Many hotel chains and destination rental properties are beginning to provide pet-friendly accommodations. Some boutique hotels even provide special services to pamper pets such as grooming, spa, and walking services. Many communities are opening dog parks, which tend to attract local residents that need a place for their pets to exercise rather than travelers. All-inclusive resorts are those in which food and beverages are included in the price of the guest's stay. All-inclusive resorts may or may not allow pets on the property.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Ahearn, B. (2018, April 16). Why pet-friendly hotels are winning over new customers. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.socialtables.com/blog/hospitality/petfriendly-hotels/
68. C
Rely less on the use of travel agencies for business. The Internet has made it possible for individuals to bypass travel agencies by checking on room availability and making their own reservations online. This is beneficial for properties because they don't have to pay as many sales commissions to travel agencies. The number of guest reservations that need to be processed so that guests can be assigned a room upon check-in remains the same, regardless of whether the reservation was made online or offline. The property still needs to communicate important information about reservations, including a confirmation number, through email or by other means. The number of individuals needed to staff the front desk is not affected by an online reservations system, although the number of reservation clerks required to take telephone reservations might be.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Oakley, R. (2017, July 19). The advantage of online reservations. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://traveltips.usatoday.com/advantages-online-reservations-63078.html
69. A
Monitor employee technology. Discouragement of time theft (loss of productivity that occurs when employees spend time on personal matters instead of job tasks) is one reason a company may monitor employee technology. It would not be reasonable to combat time theft by cutting corners on safety precautions, purchasing lower quality materials, or hiring an inventory manager.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190 Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
70. A
Know what to do in case there is a fire. This guideline is concerned with safety because it may be too dangerous for employees to put out some fires themselves. They should know how to call for help and which exits to use in a fire emergency. Wearing identification badges and using an employee entrance help maintain security. Identifying the department when answering the telephone is good customer service.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 406-410]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
71. A
Establish openness. When delegating tasks, it is important to create an open environment in which team members feel comfortable being honest and up front about their progress. Because Becca began her delegation process by inviting her team to provide feedback, they will feel that they can be honest and open throughout the process. Becca is not promoting her authority, discouraging over-reporting, or setting expected outcomes in this instance.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Free Management eBooks. (n.d.). Monitoring delegated tasks. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.free-management-ebooks.com/faqps/delegation-05.htm
72. A
Evaluate project success. Evaluating project success is the process of assessing the accomplishments of a project and reflecting on lessons learned. It should be done at the end of any project so that you can know how well your project has done, whether or not you've achieved your goals, and how your project has benefited its stakeholders. You should not move on to the next project or present your findings to stakeholders unless you have evaluated your project's success. Identifying project resources comes during the planning process, not when the project is finished.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521 Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
73. A
Prepare a budget. Most projects have costs involved. Before identifying financial resources to cover these costs, first you need to get an accurate picture of what it will cost to do the project. The best way to do this is usually to prepare a budget, which is an estimate of what income and expenses will be for a specific time period or for a specific project. Part of preparing a budget involves finding out what is free and what is not, and comparing the prices of items that you will need to buy. Asking an advisor may not be effective.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531 Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
74. A
Technological capabilities. Businesses evaluate their vendors' technological frameworks because they want to be able to communicate efficiently and streamline ordering, shipping, and inventory processes. Businesses also consider the vendors' terms-of-sales policies. Compensation policies are internal policies that guide the way a business compensates its employees. Segmentation methods and asset depreciation are not primary considerations for vendor selection.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Berlin, J. (2015, October 10). 6 factors to consider when selecting a new tech vendor. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.itproportal.com/2015/10/10/6-factorsconsider-when-selecting-new-tech-vendor/
75. A
Standard. A standard order is placed when a need arises. Elaine places a standard purchase order with Sheets Paper Company when she needs to do so. A blanket order involves planning several orders at once. There is no indication that a blanket order was used in this example. A planned purchase order is done in advance based on future needs, which is not Elaine's situation. A contract order is a formal version of a planned purchase order, involving a legal agreement. There is no indication that a contract order was used.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Digital Purchase Order. (2012-2016). Understanding four different types of purchase orders. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.digitalpurchaseorder.com/types-ofpurchase-orders/
76. B
Education. Intangible outputs are not capable of being detected through the senses. Education is intangible because it cannot be touched, smelled, tasted, seen, or heard. Pizza, computers, and shampoo are all tangible goods because they are able to be detected through the senses.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
77. D
Some may be considered either fixed or variable. Some operating expenses may be considered either fixed or variable. It's up to the individual business how to classify the expense, but the classification must remain consistent for accounting purposes. Purchasing a piece of equipment is a capital expenditure, not an operating cost. Operating costs are divided into fixed and variable expenses they can be further subdivided into selling and manufacturing expenses, but this is not always the case. Businesses don't necessarily spend more on operating costs than production costs; as a matter of fact, they usually strive to keep operating costs low.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009 Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
78. D
Billing error. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information of a sales transaction. The information includes the buyer, the seller, items purchased, quantities, prices, delivery date, credit, discount terms, etc. Before paying an invoice, the hotel restaurant manager should compare it with the original purchase order and shipper's packing slip to make sure the information is accurate. In the situation described, the manager noticed that the restaurant was billed for items that it did not order nor receive. In this situation, the manager should contact the vendor to get a corrected invoice before paying the bill. The hotel restaurant did not receive a duplicate order. There is not enough information provided to determine if there were problems with the discount rate or product quality.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Pollick, M. (2018, August 14). What is an invoice? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-an-invoice.htm
79. D
Only ask for the information he needs the most. To protect customer data, Tanner should only ask for the customer information he needs the most so he does not unnecessarily collect private data that are not needed. This technique will help him limit the risk associated with collecting data. It is not a good idea to refrain from sharing the nature of the survey because it is best to be open and transparent with customer data. Tanner should not store the data for any future use because to protect customers, their data should only be used for the intended purpose. Finally, housing data on portable drives will not necessarily help protect customer data.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Howell, D. (2012, August 1). How to protect customer data. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.techradar.com/news/world-of-tech/roundup/how-to-protect-customer-data1090747
80. D
Follow appropriate emergency procedures. Motels must be prepared to handle emergencies if they occur. Depending on the property's geographic location, the property might be more likely to experience some emergencies (e.g., earthquakes, floods) than others. And because the effects of natural disasters differ from one another, motels should have procedures for the various types of emergencies they are likely to encounter. A motel should thoroughly explain to employees the procedures for each emergency it might face. By preparing employees for each type of emergency, the employees can better respond and get guests, themselves, and coworkers out of harm's way. The sprinkler system usually goes off automatically when fires occur. Calling medical professionals and administering first aid may or may not be necessary and depends on the type of emergency at hand.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: AlBattat, A.R., & Som, A.P.M. (2014, September 2). Safety security and loss prevention during hospitality emergencies. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.drj.com/articles/online-exclusive/safety-security-and-loss-prevention-duringhospitality-emergencies.html
81. A
Follow security checkpoint procedures. Due to terrorism threats, airports require passengers to follow several procedures before boarding airplanes. The procedures typically involve baggage searches and electronic body scans to check for potentially deadly items such as explosives, guns, and knives. Passengers are required to remain seated and wear seatbelts during takeoff and landing for personal safety reasons. While in the air, airlines typically allow passengers to get out of their seats to use the bathroom facilities. Boarding the airplane one person at a time does not reduce the risk of air-travel terrorism attacks because security measures occur before the passengers board the airplane.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Transportation Security Administration. (2018). Security screening. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.tsa.gov/travel/security-screening
82. D
Dynamic. Goals are dynamic, meaning that they can change. You may decide to change your goal by choosing a different major. This is not an example of a goal being distracting. Goals should be visualized and broken down, but those steps are not shown in this example.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
83. B
Arriving at work on time. Because employers pay employees to perform the work, they have the right to expect the employees to conduct themselves in a professional manner. This includes being honest, being respectful of coworkers, and being dependable. Dependable employees arrive at work on time, and complete tasks in an efficient and timely manner. Asking for a deadline extension is not demonstrating dependable behavior. Managers are responsible for monitoring the work effort, which includes providing feedback about the employees' work performance. Making suggestions for improvement demonstrates creative problem-solving skills.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Lister, J. (2018, June 29). Why is dependability important for a person to have in the workplace? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/dependability-important-person-workplace-15463.html
84. D
Left a previous job. Applications often ask the applicants why they left previous jobs. Acceptable answers include leaving to take better jobs, leaving because the jobs were seasonal, and leaving to continue education. Applicants should avoid making negative comments about former employers. Businesses want to know if applicants left previous jobs for good reasons or if they have a habit of changing jobs frequently for no reason. The job application does not ask why the applicant attended certain schools, volunteered community service, or did military duty.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Hansen, R.S. (2018, July 13). A job-seeker's guide to successfully completing job applications. Retrieved October 2, 2018, from https://www.livecareer.com/career/advice/jobs/job-applications
85. A
Advertising coordinator, promotions manager, vice president of marketing. A career describes a lifetime work history or long-term participation in a particular field of expertise. As individuals progress in their careers, they tend to work in the same field and gain more responsibility with each job that they hold. An example of a career progression is a person who starts working as an advertising coordinator, and then moves to a higher position, such as a promotions manager. The individual may then be promoted or go to work for another company as the vice president of marketing. The remaining listings of job titles involve job changes to different areas of expertise.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Agency Sparks. (2016, October 11). The marketing career path: From entry-level to Chief Marketing Officer. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.agencysparks.com/blog/the-marketing-career-path
86. D
Certification. Some professional organizations in the travel and tourism industry provide training that results in conferring a certificate of completion. This certification indicates that an individual has completed an approved training course and is qualified to perform certain functions. For example, the National Tour Association awards a certificate to tour professionals who take specific courses and have at least five years of experience in the tour industry. Not all training programs provide firsthand experience. Professional organizations do not award college degrees. Some courses are offered online as a way for participants to obtain certification.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 470-471]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
87. D
Strategic. Strategic goals are general, overall goals that are developed in relation to the mission of the organization. Improving market share is a strategic goal. Product goals are those that are specifically related to the characteristics of the goods or services. Tactical goals are those that are more specific and detail the actual steps needed to achieve the strategic goals. Cultural goals are related to the organization's environment or philosophies.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Brydson, D. (2018). Strategic and tactical planning: Understanding the difference. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://smallbizlink.monster.com/training/articles/855-strategic-andtactical-planning-understanding-the-difference
88. D
Transports people to destinations away from home. Travel and tourism is a vast industry that provides services to millions of travelers each year. A characteristic of the industry is that it transports people to destinations away from home. This might range from a day trip on a motorcoach to a 14-day Caribbean cruise. The common factor is that people leave their homes and travel by some form of transportation to other destinations for a period of time. Depending on the length of the trip, overnight accommodations and meals might be included. However, providing accommodations is a characteristic of the hospitality industry. Meals might be arranged for all travelers, not just international travelers. The travel and tourism industry does not organize activities in a local community.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 9-10]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
89. B
Competitive. Adjusting prices to meet or beat the competition is competitive pricing. Competitive pricing often means being flexible, not inflexible. It also means being realistic (not too low or too high) rather than unrealistic.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002 The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
90. B
Quantity. Quantity standards specify the amount of work to be done. If Shonda's boss expects her to book at least 10 rooms every day, then she is being judged by a quantity standard. Quality standards indicate the degree of excellence to be expected from a good or service. Time standards monitor the amount of time it takes to complete an activity. Cost standards are used to specify project or product costs.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: LAP-PM-008 Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
91. D
Core value. Core values describe what is most important to a business and what the business wants to be known for. Mountain View Steakhouse goes above and beyond to serve its customers because excellent customer service is most likely one of its core values something it takes pride in and wants to be known for. Delivering excellent customer service may be part of a business strategy or public relations plan, but customer service alone is not a strategy or plan. Delivering excellent customer service is not a risk to a restaurant; rather, it prevents risk because customers are happy with the service that they receive.
SOURCE: PM:214
SOURCE: Your Dictionary. (2018). Examples of core values. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-core-values.html
92. A
Perishability. If the 50 seats on the airplane go unsold, they are lost forever because they cannot be stockpiled or inventoried for a later flight. Inseparability refers to the need for the customer and service provider to be present for the service to be performed the service provider cannot be separated from the service. Although businesses train employees to provide the same quality of outstanding service, in effect attempting to standardize the service provided, services are performed by people whose personalities, attitudes, and abilities vary. While many hospitality and tourism services are seasonal, the scenario does not relate to that characteristic.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [pp. 36-39]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
93. B
Related to the original product. A product extension is an additional product, related to but different than the main hospitality and tourism product. For example, the main product might be a cruise, while the product extension is a tour of the port city before departure. The product extension adds value to the original product and often meets the needs of customers. Product extensions are extras rather than necessary parts of the hospitality and tourism experience. Extensions are not necessarily expensive, such as a sightseeing tour of a city. Staff often suggest product extensions to meet customers' needs, not simply to generate income.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Hirsh, L. (2017, November 21). What is product extension in marketing? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-extension-marketing65988.html
94. A
Logistics. Logistics involves all aspects of handling and transporting goods. It is an important part of negotiating a contract because transportation charges are often costly. As a result, most businesses negotiate who will pay those charges. In some cases, a business might prefer to arrange and pay for transportation, while other times, a business might want the vendor to be responsible for transportation. Both parties try to negotiate the best deal. For example, a business might agree to pay for transportation if the vendor agrees to give a larger discount. The business is not negotiating payments, premiums, or allowances when requiring the vendor to arrange for transportation.
SOURCE: PM:264
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, July 13). Logistics. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/logistics.asp
95. B
Promotion. Promotion is personal if it involves contact between people and nonpersonal if other means of communicating the message are used. Message channels are the media used by sellers to promote goods, e.g., radio, television. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that buyers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Cultural trends are the direction of changes in people's beliefs, behavior patterns, and attitudes.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
96. B
Evaluation. To determine if quality has improved, the business needs to compare the product or process before the improvement was made with the product or process after improvements were implemented. After evaluating the improvements, the business can document results and recommend additional improvements, if necessary.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2018, June 30). Continuous improvement process definition. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/continuous-improvement-processdefinition-4534.html
97. D
Obstruction of justice. Obstruction of justice is a legal penalty that applies to individuals or businesses that hide important information from law enforcement agencies, such as concealing a client's questionable financial data. If evidence indicates that unethical or illegal business practices have obstructed a criminal investigation, the business could be fined, and the employees concealing the information could face imprisonment. A public scandal could severely tarnish a business's reputation, as in the case of the Arthur Andersen accounting firm and its affiliation with Enron. Expropriation is the act of government taking over private property. Breach of contract involves breaking the terms of a legal agreement. Substantiate means to provide proof or evidence of something.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2018). Obstruction of justice. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/obstruction-of-justice.html
98. B
Sleeping room or hostel. Sleeping rooms and hostels are inexpensive lodging alternatives that are frequented by young adults and others who are interested in paying very little for their sleeping accommodations. An extended-stay hotel is a mid-priced hotel that caters to guests who need accommodations for an extended length of time. Although Frankie plans to be in Europe for three months, he probably doesn't intend to stay in any one place for a long period of time. In addition, extended-stay hotels, destination resorts, and timeshares are much more expensive than sleeping rooms and hostels. Destination resorts are full-service hotels that provide additional attractions and recreational alternatives for travelers. Timeshares are not necessarily resorts. Time shares are lodging properties that sell their rooms to travelers for use each year during a specific period of time.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 172, 179-180]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
99. D
Arrival and departure dates. To process a hotel reservation by telephone, the reservationist must know the guest's arrival and departure dates to determine if and what types of sleeping accommodations are available for the guest's anticipated stay. The reservationist does not need to know the guest's dietary requirements, seating preferences, or transportation arrangements.
SOURCE: SE:477
SOURCE: Hospitality School. (2010, January 13). How to take reservation on phone. Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.hospitality-school.com/hotel-telephone-reservation
100. B
Identify its risks. Risk is the possibility of loss (failure) or gain (success). Risk management involves planning, controlling, preventing, and limiting business losses, as well as enhancing possibilities for gain. The first step in risk management is identifying risks, which are broadly categorized as hazard, financial, operational, and strategic risks. After identifying risks, the business can determine the probability of each risk occurring and the potential losses associated with the risk. Then, the business can determine how to respond to the risk. Depending on the type of risk, the business may decide to avoid, accept, mitigate, or transfer the risk. Transferring risk typically involves purchasing insurance.
SOURCE: SM:075
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
Test 1193
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
A group of townspeople carries signs and marches against funding cuts. A protest is an assembled group of people who take a stand for or against a particular issue. To be effective, they should be organized, civil, and focused. If people carry signs and march to show disapproval over funding cuts, they are following these criteria. If a crowd gathers to watch people engaged in a physical altercation, this is not an effective protest. Protesters should not insult others, so a group that yells at politicians as they exit their offices is not being effective. Finally, calling your elected official is not a protest.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
2. D
Partnership. John should consider a partnership. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons who combine their capital and capabilities. The business is relatively easy to start. A corporation would benefit the owners by allowing them to have skilled personnel and greater financial power by issuing stock. However, corporations are difficult to form and operate. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who has limited capital and limited capabilities. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
Traffic. Tour-bus drivers must understand traffic laws in each jurisdiction where they travel because laws differ by jurisdiction. For example, one city might allow a vehicle to turn left onto a one-way street at a red light, while another city does not. If the driver does not understand and follow the law, the bus might be involved in an accident that injures the tourists, other vehicles, and pedestrians. Airline pilots must understand laws relating to airspace. Laws relating to shipping processes regulate the way certain products are moved or transported. Property laws regulate the ways in which land and buildings are used or maintained.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Find Law. (2018). State traffic laws. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://traffic.findlaw.com/traffic-tickets/state-traffic-laws.html
4. A
Fidgeting can signal nervousness or impatience. A person typically fidgets when s/he is nervous, impatient, or bored. Crossed arms usually signal defensiveness, not friendliness and availability. Clenched fists often signal tension and anger, not intelligence and awareness. Eye contact by itself doesn't usually mean a person is angry or irritated. Sometimes eye contact can express interest, but other times it can be seen as intimidating. For this reason, it's important not to rely 100% on nonverbal cues when interpreting a person's message.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bradberry, T. (2016, May 18). 8 great tricks for reading people's body language. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/275309
5. D
Company and your name. When answering the phone at work, it is important to identify both your company's name and your name so that the person calling knows that s/he has called the correct number. It is not necessary to state your years of work experience, your company's full address, or your job qualifications and skills; this information is irrelevant to the caller.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2018). Basic business telephone skills. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://content.moneyinstructor.com/1543/telephoneskills.html
6. B
Use abbreviations and symbols. Developing a system of and writing down abbreviations and symbols (i.e., shorthand) is much quicker than writing out long phrases and complete sentences. For example, to remember a very important point, Allison might place a star or asterisk by a key word, short phrase, or abbreviation. After the seminar, Allison can refer to her shorthand notes and write more comprehensive notes for future use. Writing on note cards, focusing on subtopics, and asking the speaker to provide handouts will not help Allison take accurate notes in real time.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Fact Monster. (2018, August 7). Taking notes. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.factmonster.com/homework-help/study-skills/homework-center-taking-notes
7. C
Logical evidence. Messages usually are more persuasive if they are supported by logical evidence. Logical evidence is based on fact rather than on opinion. If businesses are writing persuasive messages to encourage customers to do something, such as buy a product, they should include logical evidence to make the message more convincing. Businesses should avoid using strong language because it may offend readers. Typeface and graphic design are visual elements of the message rather than part of the content.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Nguyen, S. (2010, November 12). Elements of effective persuasion. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://workplacepsychology.net/2010/11/12/elements-of-effective-persuasion/
8. B
Progress. Progress reports provide information about the status of an action, situation, project, etc. Employees must often provide their managers with progress reports so they can keep up with and monitor the employees' work. An analytical report evaluates a problem or issue and recommends an action. A feasibility report is a type of analytical report that evaluates the viability of carrying out an activity. A proposal contains a formal suggestion or action for consideration.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Balmaceda, K. (2018, August 21). Progress report: How to write, structure and make it visually attractive. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://piktochart.com/blog/progressreport/
9. B
Within a day or two. It's important for a business to respond quickly to let customers know that the business values them and the information they share. A small business should respond within a day or two. A large company with many employees should respond within a few hours.
SOURCE: CO:193
SOURCE: Trip Advisor. (2018, January 10). 12 social media strategy tips for hospitality businesses. Retrieved October 30, 2018, from https://www.tripadvisor.com/TripAdvisorInsights/w582
10. C
Discounts and bargains. If the audience to whom you are writing has a lower income level than your usual audience, you might achieve success by focusing on a cost-saving message rather than one that emphasizes luxury or comfort. Using long, detailed sentences or an emotional appeal will not necessarily help you reach an audience in a lower income bracket.
SOURCE: CO:203
SOURCE: Printwand. (2013, June 24). A guide to targeted writing for business audiences. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.printwand.com/blog/a-guide-to-targeted-writing-forbusiness-audiences
11. A
It's less expensive than attracting new customers. Businesses strive to retain current customers because it's less expensive than attracting new customers (through personal sales, advertising, etc.). Current customers do not necessarily have fewer complaints than new customers. It is not necessarily too difficult to please new customers; however, it does cost money to attract them to the business. New customers may or may not spend as much money with the business as current customers.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
12. C
To empower staff members to resolve customer service complaints. When hotels train their staff members on using guest recovery solutions, it gives them the confidence and the tools to resolve customer complaints effectively. The purpose of guest recovery is to resolve any dissatisfaction so that guests come back for another visit. Guest recovery solutions are actions taken to satisfy guests' needs and requests to increase customer loyalty. When customers are unhappy, explaining hotel policies is not likely to appease them. The use of guest recovery solutions is not typically related to a hotel's legal obligations and does not reduce them. A hotel's legal obligations relate to protecting a guest's privacy and safety and to fulfilling the contractual obligations of a guest's reservations.
SOURCE: CR:045
SOURCE: https://www.hotelmanagement.net/guest-relations/successful-service-recovery-key-tocustomer-retention
13. C
Listen to the diner's concerns to determine a resolution. It's crucial for a waiter to respectfully listen to an unsatisfied diner to show concern and to determine the true cause of dissatisfaction. Explaining that a steak was properly prepared when the customer feels differently shows a lack of respect and concern. Instead of offering one solution, the staff member should work with the customer to determine what solution s/he would prefer. For example, if the diner doesn't have time to wait for a new meal, offering one is a poor solution. It is also important for a staff member to follow up with the customer to make sure s/he is satisfied with his/her experience before leaving the restaurant. If a staff member fails to handle and resolve customer complaints in a satisfactory manner, the customer is likely to never return.
SOURCE: CR:046
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (n.d.). Problem solving steps in customer service. Retrieved November 2, 2018, from https://work.chron.com/problem-solving-steps-customer-service-20738.html
14. B
Knock on the door with an associate present and ask the guest to leave. It is legal to remove a guest who is staying past the reservation contract or is being disorderly. However, any interaction with a hotel guest must be done in a professional manner without intimidating or offending the guest. The hotel wants the guest to leave with a positive impression of the facility. Hotel staff should not confront guests since confrontation often escalates into bigger problems that may endanger the staff's safety. Contacting the police and locking the guest out of the room are steps that would not be taken initially.
SOURCE: CR:047
SOURCE: Hotel News Now. (2015, July 11). How to effectively, legally remove a guest. Retrieved October 30, 2018, from http://www.hotelnewsnow.com/Articles/23189/How-to-effectivelylegally-remove-a-guest
15. C
Return customers. When customers spend money on food, lodging, and travel, they expect an all-around positive customer experience. Poor service is one of the most common reasons that an individual does not return to a hospitality/tourism business. Return customers provide a significant amount of revenue for a hospitality business, so it is important to exceed customer expectations when it comes to service. The success of a hospitality/tourism business does not necessarily rely on high-end products, smart sales strategies, or networking efforts.
SOURCE: CR:049
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 22]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
16. B
Showing concern for customers' lengthy wait. A moment of truth in customer service is an interaction during which a customer can form a lasting impression of your company. One way that employees can create positive moments of truth is to demonstrate empathy and concern when customers are experiencing frustration. Customers who feel that the company cares about them will be more likely to form a positive impression. A customer-satisfaction survey will not necessarily create a positive moment of truth. Following a script when talking to customers can make the customer feel unimportant and unheard. Finally, aggressively upselling to customers does not necessarily create a positive moment of truth; rather, pushing costlier sales can create a negative impression.
SOURCE: CR:055
SOURCE: Change Factory. (2014). Moments of truth in hospitality. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.changefactory.com.au/industry/hospitality/moments-truth/
17. B
A primary goal of CRM is to maximize the long-term value of customer relationships. Customer relationship management (CRM) involves the use of strategies, processes, technology, and people to build, maintain, and maximize the long-term value of customer relationships. Although one aspect of effective CRM is providing excellent customer service, customer service is not the only factor that affects a customer's loyalty to a business. A business can provide excellent customer service without having a formal CRM program in place. Other aspects that affect CRM include the business's organizational culture. It is important that employees adopt the business's customer-relationship philosophy to facilitate positive relationships with customers. Price is one factor that may affect the long-term buyer/seller relationship, but is not the most important factor to all customers. Customers also consider factors such as convenience and product quality.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
18. A
Verify the purchaser's identity via phone. It is a good idea to be cautious with first-time customers to ensure that they are not using fraudulent credit cards. One way to verify that the purchaser's identity aligns with their credit card is to call via phone and confirm that the person whose name is on the card made the purchase. Learning about the company's credit card policy would not necessarily help Iliana in this instance; she should have already learned about the company's policy. It is not feasible that Iliana is authorized to run a background check on the purchaser. Finally, it is not realistic to suggest that a hotel could refrain from working with third-party booking agents because they are an important revenue source.
SOURCE: CR:040
SOURCE: SiteMinder. (2018, April 24). How hotels can prevent online credit card fraud. Retrieved October 30, 2018, from https://www.siteminder.com/r/technology/hotel-data-security/hotelsprevent-online-credit-card-fraud/
19. A
Identity theft. Identity theft is the fraudulent acquisition and use of a person's private identifying information (e.g., name, Social Security number), usually for financial gain. Businesses such as Girard's Gourmet Foods can implement internal controls to prevent identity theft of customer information. One example is to require frequent password changes to guard against hacking. Changing passwords used to access customer data does not necessarily guard against competitive advantage, patent violation, or negative reviews in this instance.
SOURCE: CR:041
SOURCE: Moran, G. (2018, March 28). 6 steps to protect your business from ID theft. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-steps-protect-smallbusiness-id-theft-1269.php
20. C
Receipt of cash. When a business receives payment from a customer, it records the amount of payment as a receipt of cash. As customers pay, the business's cash increases. The increase in cash also increases the assets of the business. When a business processes a customer's payment, it does not record the payment as a debit transaction, a type of sale, or a financial expense.
SOURCE: CR:042
SOURCE: Accounting-Simplified.com. (2010-2017). Cash transactions. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://accounting-simplified.com/accounting-for-cash-transactions.html
21. D
Reply to the post promptly with an apology and a promise to improve. When customers complain about a brand on social media, it is important to address them, as ignoring them makes it appear that the company does not care about its customers. After a customer has posted about a less-than-satisfactory experience, Hailey should try to appease that customer to repair the relationship and show that the restaurant is improving upon its flaws. Ignoring the post, denying the customer's complaint, or flagging the post as inappropriate will not improve relationships with customers and will make the restaurant appear unsympathetic and/or dishonest.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Newman, D. (2016, January 12). Social media is no longer a marketing channel, it's a customer experience channel. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/danielnewman/2016/01/12/social-media-is-no-longer-amarketing-channel-its-a-customer-experience-channel/#39d92dd64967
22. B
Shopping. Shopping goods are consumer goods that are purchased by consumers after comparing goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Consumers tend to pay more for shopping goods than for convenience goods, and they usually want the advice of a salesperson. Convenience goods, such as milk and bread, generally are purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Industrial goods are items purchased by producers for resale, to make other goods, and/or to use in business operations. Specialty goods have unique characteristics that consumers are willing to pay higher prices to buy them.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
23. A
Purchasing. Molly works in purchasing, the part of operations that ensures the business will have the goods and services needed to keep production going and business running smoothly. Financial analysis refers to obtaining necessary funds and keeping accurate and complete financial records. Marketing involves everything related to fulfilling customers' product needs. Human resources management involves all the tasks and issues related to keeping the business staffed.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
24. B
It may have different consequences than breaching ethics. Breaching business ethics and breaking the law may have different consequences. For example, breaching business ethics alone could result in loss of customers, while breaking the law could result in fines or jail time. Both breaching business ethics and breaking the law are unacceptable practices in most industries, are not necessary for business success, and will not make a company more popular. In fact, doing so will hurt a company's public image.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
25. A
Patents or copyrights. Government issues patents or copyrights to inventors and artists to protect their work. Although government provides local governmental programs, this response is not specific enough to be correct for protecting private property. Federal Reserve Banks are used by local banks for their banking functions. They do not provide protection for local property. Local governments provide fire protection through fire departments, not through fire insurance.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
26. B
Contraction. Free-enterprise economic systems experience changes in business cycles. Business cycles are the periods of expansion and contraction in economic activities. Characteristics of the expansion stage of the business cycle include: increases in spending and borrowing, increases in the demand for products, decreases in unemployment rates, and decreases in loan interest rates. During the contraction stage of the business cycle, product demand and consumer spending decrease, while unemployment and loan interest rates increase. Containment and emergence are not terms commonly used to describe the stages of the business cycle.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, February 21). Contraction. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/contraction.asp
27. D
A country with fertile soil and an average amount of rain. Geography can have a large impact on a country's ability to engage in world trade. A country with fertile soil and an average amount of rain will be able to produce more goods and therefore will be at an advantage. Dry climates with little rain, countries that face many natural disasters, and countries with no access to oceans/rivers will be at a disadvantage when it comes to world trade.
SOURCE: EC:114
SOURCE: BBC. (2018). Factors influencing development. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.bbc.com/bitesize/guides/z9h6wxs/revision/1
28. D
Analyze what happened. Try to analyze what happened and determine what damaged your self-esteem. When you have done that, try to figure out how to handle things differently next time. Forgetting about it won't help you avoid having the same thing happen again. Blaming someone else won't help, and wishing won't undo what has been done.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 127-129). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
29. C
Communication skills. Since careers in hospitality and tourism often require personal interactions, most employees need solid communication skills. Although some careers in hospitality and tourism require mathematical and web design skills, those skills are not required by most hospitality and tourism careers. Athletic skills are generally not needed in hospitality and tourism careers.
SOURCE: EI:090
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 33-34]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
30. B
Likelihood. Probability refers to the likelihood of an event occurring or not. Severity and magnitude both refer to the size of a risk. Cost refers to what will be lost.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
31. A
Respect. Ethical people always honor the rights, freedoms, views, and property of others. This means not taking things that don't belong to you. Transparency means being truthful when you communicate. People who are accountable for their actions accept responsibility for all their decisions. Being trustworthy means doing what you say you will do and telling the truth. While these are all important ethical principles, they are not illustrated in Tori's example.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
32. B
Doing advance preparation. The first step in the process of idea selling is doing some advance preparation. Before you can sell an idea to others, you must know the details and specifications of the idea. When you are an expert on your proposal and its benefits, you can approach your audience with confidence—ready to explain and defend your idea. Overcoming audience objections, explaining solutions to needs, and appealing to audience's needs are all steps in the selling process that come after doing advance preparation.
SOURCE: EI:108
SOURCE: LAP-EI-108—Do They Buy It? ("Selling" Ideas to Others)
33. D
Assertive. Because they respect both themselves and others, assertive people look for win-win solutions to problems. Passive people don't respect themselves, so they often end up in lose-win situations in which they're taken advantage of. Aggressive people don't respect others, so they often force win-lose solutions on others. Only assertiveness offers a solution in which there's no loser. Keep in mind, though, that being assertive does not always mean that you will get exactly what you want. Searching for win-win solutions means you must be willing to compromise when necessary.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
34. B
Exercise on a regular basis. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. When employees do not handle stress in effective ways, their productivity tends to decrease, and they often experience burnout and develop health problems. Employees can combat stress by getting plenty of rest, using relaxation techniques, and exercising on a regular basis. Taking a brisk walk, playing tennis, or training with weights are a few ways in which an employee can exercise. Additional ways of combating stress include maintaining a healthy diet (high fiber, low calorie, low fat), seeking social support from friends and family, and engaging in hobbies. Working a compressed work schedule does not always reduce stress. Telling coworkers their problems is inappropriate workplace behavior.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
35. D
Humble. Humble individuals, like Coach Chris, are willing to recognize that they don't know everything and are also willing to admit their mistakes. Virtually all effective coaches are humble. A humble attitude earns the respect and trust of those being coached. Although most good coaches are also enthusiastic, patient, and dependable, not enough information is provided to determine if Coach Chris possesses those character traits.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
36. C
Accept the differences between her coworker and herself. Valuing differences means accepting people who are different and viewing differences positively. Shayla should accept her coworker and view the differences between them as a positive aspect of their working relationship. Shayla should not avoid talking to the coworker—this is disrespectful. She should take a positive, not negative, approach to their differences.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
37. C
Losing your level of physical fitness. Losing your level of physical fitness is an example of a long-term consequence. It won't happen overnight, but it will happen if you eat unhealthy foods and neglect exercise. Failing a homework assignment, arguing with your brother, and spilling a tray of food at work are all examples of consequences that are short term.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
38. D
Interest rate. Interest is the amount charged by a lender to a borrower in exchange for a loan. Interest rates are expressed as percentages of the principal—the original loan amount. In this situation, 6.9% represents Margaret's interest rate on her personal loan. It does not express the present value of her loan. Inflation rate refers to the rate at which the level of prices for goods and services is rising. Inflation rates are not expressed in this example. Compound value is not a term used to describe loan information.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, June 3). Inflation. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/inflation.asp?lgl=no-infinite
39. A
Finance charge. Finance charges are interest charges on accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. They are usually a percentage of the total amount due. Annual fees are yearly fees charged for the privilege of using a bank credit card. Interest rates are fees the lender charges the borrower for the use of money. Installment payments are set amounts paid by specific times to repay an installment loan or to pay for an installment credit purchase.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
40. D
An itemized deduction. The government allows taxpayers to itemize or list certain expenses on their tax returns to reduce the amount of taxable income. These expenses include charitable donations, a percentage of medical expenses, business expenses, and interest paid on some types of loans. Investment earnings, such as dividend payments, are taxable income. The federal government does not tax certain types of investments, such as municipal bonds.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: IRS. (2018, January 31). Topic number 456: Student loan interest deduction. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc456
41. B
Reduce expenses. Switching to a different Internet provider to save money on a monthly bill is a way to reduce expenses. Managers often use financial information to determine ways to reduce expenses. Saving money on the Internet bill is not the same as increasing sales, creating a budget, or planning business expansion.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
42. D
Current financial situation. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. It indicates what the business owns, what it owes, and its worth as of a certain date. By preparing a balance sheet, a business can determine if it has sufficient assets to cover its liabilities and still have money remaining, or if its liabilities are more than its assets. A business does not prepare a balance sheet to determine its average cash flow, estimated annual income, or future sales goal.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
43. D
Give receipts to all customers. Most businesses use a variety of procedures to control cash. One of these is to train employees how to use the cash register and require that they ring up each sale on the register and give receipts to all customers. When an employee rings up a sale, the register automatically records the sale and prints a customer receipt. This procedure helps control cash because it reduces the possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale and issuing a receipt. Monitoring intangible assets, tracking dividends paid to owners, and evaluating projected budgets are not internal procedures that many businesses use to control cash.
SOURCE: FI:113
SOURCE: Sullivan, D. (2016, October 26). Internal control procedures for the receipt of cash. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://work.chron.com/internal-control-procedures-receipt-cash6735.html
44. C
As short as possible. The cash conversion cycle should be as short as possible so financial managers have more free cash to work with. A downward trend in the cycle is a positive sign, while an upward trend is a negative one. A downward trend is preferred to equilibrium. Many investors pay close attention to a company's cash conversion cycle.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
45. D
A hold is placed on a portion of the card's available credit line when the guest checks in. An authorization check policy is made when the guest arrives to ensure that there are sufficient funds available on the card to cover all lodging expenses related to the reservation. A credit card is not actually charged until a guest checks out to ensure that the guest's appropriate room rate is charged as well as any other hotel charges the guest made during his/her stay.
SOURCE: FI:789
SOURCE: UniBul's Money Blog. (2018). How to process credit card payments at hotels. Retrieved October 30, 2018, from http://blog.unibulmerchantservices.com/how-to-process-credit-cardpayments-at-hotels/
46. C
Orientation program. The purpose of an orientation program is to introduce new employees to the business and help them understand their roles in the organization. Activities such as introducing new employees to their coworkers, reviewing company policies, and giving a tour of the business facility are ways in which a business can help the new hires feel welcome and more comfortable with their work environment. These activities are not components of simulation training, evaluation systems (e.g., to measure employee performance), or the employee-selection process.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Brown, J. (2018, May 20). Employee orientation: Keeping new employees on board. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/employee-orientationkeeping-new-employees-on-board-1919035
47. B
Tie employees' rewards to the organization's goals. A main reason why employees are not engaged at work is because they do not feel personally invested in the company's success. They do not feel that they receive any benefit from working toward the organization's goals. Therefore, managers should align employees' rewards, such as bonuses or raises, with the company's goals. Being overly critical can damage employee engagement, but constructive criticism can make employees more committed and engaged. Socializing with coworkers outside of work is not necessarily related to employee engagement with organizational goals. Finally, while team-building can boost engagement, it is not enough to have an event only once a year. Management should focus on employee engagement year-round.
SOURCE: HR:513
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2018, October 29). Create a work environment that encourages employee engagement. Retrieved October 30, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/creatework-environment-for-employee-engagement-1917575
48. D
Joe does not hire women to be drivers because he believes they are more accident-prone. A stereotype is a generalized, set assumption about a person or thing. Joe is stereotyping women because he believes that all women are more accident-prone than all men. He is allowing this stereotype to prevent him from hiring a diverse workforce. Collaborating only with personal friends is not related to workplace diversity. It is inappropriate for Ronnie to delegate the easiest tasks to Heidi in hopes of going on a date with her; however, it is not related to a stereotype that could prevent workplace diversity. Finally, Larissa is being prejudiced against people who are from different countries, but she is not necessarily acting in accordance with a specific stereotype.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Dawn, M. (2016, July 14). Barriers to diversity in the workplace. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://woman.thenest.com/barriers-diversity-workplace-13721.html
49. C
Trade association. Secondary information is information that has already been collected by others. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry (e.g., hospitality) or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Trade associations often gather marketing information about their industries, so they are a good source for obtaining secondary information about industry trends. A sampling plan is an outline or document that describes the process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey. Guest comment cards and telephone interviews are sources of primary information, which is new information collected for a specific purpose.
SOURCE: NF:281
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [p. 128]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
50. D
Primary. Primary information is information collected for the purpose at hand. Because the inn collected feedback for a specific purpose—to obtain its guests' opinions about its accommodations and amenities—the feedback on the suggestion cards is primary information. Secondary information is information that has been collected for other purposes. Linear and complementary are not types of marketing information.
SOURCE: NF:282
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 128-140]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
51. D
Industry trends. Blogs are great sources of up-to-date news, anecdotal information, and tips from professionals in particular industries. Hospitality and tourism blogs can include information on trends that would be useful for those in the industry. However, client information is much more likely to be found in a company's internal database rather than a blog. Competitive analysis and market segmentation are more likely to be found in online databases or hospitality industry reports than in blogs.
SOURCE: NF:286
SOURCE: Criddle, G. (2012, June 22). 5 hospitality blogs every hotelier should be reading. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.e-marketingassociates.com/5-hospitality-blogs-everyhotelier-should-be-reading/
52. A
Push technology. Marketers can keep up with environmental changes by scanning information that is automatically delivered to their computer by push technology. This helps marketers identify trends in their early stages of development. LexisNexis is an example of a company that scans information, finds relevant information, and forwards it to subscribers so that they can review and interpret the information at their convenience. Model building involves identifying relationships between variables. Customer discovery is a data-mining application that enables researchers to determine who will make a valuable customer. Market-basket analysis is another data-mining technique used to identify relationships between product purchases and retail shopping information.
SOURCE: NF:287
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 168-173]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. A
Sales history. By reviewing previous years' sales reports, a resort can detect patterns in the sales, which are tied to the resort's occupancy rates. If a pattern emerges, such as an increase in sales between May and July over several years, the resort can determine its busiest time of the year—its peak season. Determining the peak season helps the resort plan (e.g., staffing) the upcoming year. The current occupancy rate will not help the resort determine its peak season unless it is compared to previous sales in the same time frame. Staff reviews are employee performance evaluations. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. Staff reviews and standards are not reliable sources of information that resorts use to determine the resort's peak season.
SOURCE: NF:288
SOURCE: Love, M. (2017, June 6). Understand your sales trends to drive business success. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/understanding-your-sales-trendsdrive-business-success-mathew-love/
54. C
Marketing-information management. Gathering information through surveys is an example of the marketing-information management function. Specialty advertising is categorized as "other media" such as pens and calendars embossed with a company's name. Behavioral segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of customers' responses to a product. Promotion communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
55. B
Service marketing. Services are intangible products that other people perform. In the example, the hotel's shuttle-bus driver is performing the service of transporting guests from one location to another. The situation provided is not an example of process marketing, a tangible product, or a luxury product.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 384]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
56. B
Psychographic. Psychographic segmentation is based on the lifestyles and personalities of customers. Because Alex demonstrated an interest in a travel show, marketers can deduce that traveling is a part of his lifestyle. Thus, Alex would be an appropriate market for a tropical resort. Behavioral segmentation occurs when customers are grouped based on what they are looking for in a product and why they buy the product. Demographic segmentation divides the market on the basis of physical and social characteristics. Geographic segmentation groups customers based on where they are located.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
57. B
Save time and money. Appropriate information management has many benefits for a business, including saving time and money by making operations run more smoothly. Appropriate information management should make decisions easier and should reduce a business's risk of undergoing an unnecessary audit. Appropriate information management may or may not create more jobs.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
58. D
Improved materials and methods. Improved materials and methods, such as plastics and textiles, have made manufacturing processes more efficient over time. Satellites combined with software, cell phones, and the Internet do not affect manufacturing processes.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
59. D
Transaction processing system. This is a computerized information system that processes daily, routine business transactions at the operational level of companies. Knowledge work systems aid knowledge workers in the creation and integration of new knowledge into companies. Their purpose is to improve worker productivity. Decision support systems aid managers in making decisions that are unique and rapidly changing. Executive support systems are reporting tools that enable managers to turn a company's data into useful reports.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2018). Transaction process system (TPS). Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.techopedia.com/definition/707/transaction-process-system-tps
60. D
Make an informed buying decision. The Internet has revolutionized the ways in which business is conducted. The Internet provides customers with the ability to obtain product information in a variety of ways—from business websites, blogs, newsfeeds, and consumer information websites. In the example, William is doing research to find out how other users like different smartphones before he makes a decision about the one that he wants to buy. William will likely visit various smartphone e-tailers to get product specifications and pricing before making his decision. Although phone plans are often a factor when making a mobile-phone purchasing decision, there is not enough information provided to determine whether phone plans will affect William's buying decision. William hasn't purchased his smartphone yet, so he can't reaffirm his recent purchase.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Business Filings. (2012, May 24). Use the internet to effectively market your business. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/researchtopics/marketing/digital-marketing/use-the-internet-to-effectively-market-your-business
61. C
Online booking. Many hospitality and tourism businesses offer websites that enable customers to conveniently book their reservations online. This gives customers 24-hour access to reservation systems when it's convenient for them to quickly make a reservation. Customer reservation systems are used by travel agents. Customer relationship management software is databases of customer information. Websites by themselves would not expedite the reservation process for customers.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: FinancesOnline. (2018, January 3). What is online booking software? A comprehensive guide to benefits, features, pricing and more. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://financesonline.com/online-booking-software-comprehensive-guide-benefits-featurespricing/
62. A
Frequent the restaurant at least three times per month and spend an average of at least $50 on a bottle of wine. A database can be defined as computerized storage for information and facts. A restaurant database would contain customer information such as when (date and time) a particular customer visits the restaurant, what the customer orders, how much the customer's total bill is, the amount of the tip left for the waitstaff, and special requests and/or food allergies that the customer has. To identify loyal, highspending customers who would be interested in a wine tasting event, the manager should identify customers who frequent the restaurant at least three times per month (not per quarter) and spend an average of at least $50 on a bottle of wine. Customers who come that often and regularly spend that much money on a bottle of wine are likely to be interested in a wine-tasting event. Fifteen-percent tips are fairly common.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
63. A
Avoid hazards. Vanessa is applying the good-record-keeping tip of "avoid hazards" by putting procedures into practice to keep her records from being lost in an office fire. She is not practicing the tips of "use a system" or "pick a style." "Prevent errors" is not a good-record-keeping tip—although it is a good practice in any business task.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
64. C
Unemployment rate. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor because unemployment has an effect on consumers' ability to buy goods and services. If consumers are unemployed, they do not have income to spend. As a result, businesses do not sell as much because consumers are not buying. When this situation occurs, businesses often reduce expenses in an attempt to stay in business until the rate of employment starts to rise again. Increased regulation is a political factor. Population shift is a demographic factor. Lifestyle adjustment is a cultural factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
65. C
Visitor. Visitor trends are studied so that the property can predict the number of upcoming reservations and bookings it is likely to receive based on such things as people's ages, incomes, marital status, and travel habits. Competitive trends identify the directions that other properties are moving, including their price adjustments, renovation plans, levels of service, and so forth. Trends in technology provide information about how computers, the Internet, and new equipment are likely to change the way in which properties operate. Industry trends give an idea as to the impact that other businesses are likely to have on the property, especially those (e.g., airlines, convention centers, and highway departments) in which the property depends upon for their success.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 544]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
66. B
For travelers to check flights on any major air carrier in the world. Today's computer reservation systems allow travelers to check the availability of flights on any major air carrier in the world. Technological advances have not decreased the number of frequent flyer miles earned by passengers. Consumers must still pay taxes on airline tickets. Technological advances have not increased the number of travel agents in the industry.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 51]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
67. B
Owners and managers. The overall responsibility for maintaining business ethics lies with owners and managers, although employees should also be accountable for acting ethically in their day-to-day tasks. Suppliers and customers are not responsible for the integrity of a business.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
68. C
Employees should always be thinking about safety. Employees should be concerned for their own safety as well as the safety of others at all times. Thinking about safety does not distract employees from their jobs—it enables them to perform jobs in a safe manner that reduces risk to themselves and the business. Taking shortcuts when learning a new skill can cause a safety hazard. Instructions and guidelines for employees may be verbal as well as written.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 142-143). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
69. A
Develops an innovative product. Businesses should legally protect their intellectual property from unauthorized use by others. Businesses and inventors obtain patents to legally protect their inventions from unauthorized use for a limited amount of time. Trademarks protect unique symbols, designs (e.g., logo), or words that businesses use to identify their brands. Copyrights provide legal protection for written (e.g., articles), musical, and artistic works. Things such as recipes and customer lists are protected under trade-secret laws.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: United States Patent and Trademark Office. (2015, October). Patents. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.uspto.gov/patents-getting-started/general-information-concerningpatents#heading-2
70. C
Order of their importance. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance. Individuals evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including due dates and the time that it will take to complete a task. Categorizing tasks in alphabetical or numerical order are not effective ways to prioritize tasks. Sometimes, the most difficult or unpleasant tasks are the most important to complete; therefore, prioritizing work in relation to the level of enjoyment you have while performing the task is not an effective method to use to set priorities.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: MacKay, J. (2018, July 17). The "everything is important" paradox: 7 practical methods for how to prioritize work. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://blog.rescuetime.com/how-toprioritize/
71. D
Communication. Communication skills are an important part of teamwork. Without communication, Mikey and Alana are not able to coordinate their workload efficiently. There is no evidence in this situation that more classroom instruction, time, or money would help their teamwork.
SOURCE: OP:230
SOURCE: Kinsey, A. (2018, June 30). Importance of team communication skills. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-team-communication-skills-3079.html
72. D
Get input from employees above and below you. When streamlining work processes, it's important to get input from everyone involved. If you attempt to create a new plan yourself, you may not know important information about how other employees do their work. The work process should be broken down into small steps, not looked at as a big picture. Streamlining typically involves eliminating steps, not adding them.
SOURCE: OP:355
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2017, September 11). How to streamline work process and improve workflow. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/streamline-work-processimprove-work-flow-3929.html
73. D
Communications plan. The purpose of the communications plan is to help the project manager ensure that information about the project is communicated to all of the project's key participants—the client, team members, suppliers, and other key internal and external stakeholders. The risk-management plan outlines potential risks associated with the project and provides guidance for minimizing and handling the risks. A contingency plan outlines an alternative course of action when the project team is unable to carry out the original plan. The change-management plan helps project managers manage how they handle major changes to the project.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
74. B
Alan placed a large order on March 10 for a new video game that is to be released on June 1. An advance order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months). Because the item is new, Alan wants to make sure that he orders enough games to meet the anticipated demand upon its release date. Katherine placed a reorder, which is ordering items that have been previously ordered. Fred placed a special order, which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Lindsey placed a blanket order. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, July 6). Advance payment. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/advance-payment.asp
75. D
He is being reactive instead of proactive in his quality-control practices. Being proactive means anticipating and preventing problems before they arise, rather than waiting for problems to surface and handling them afterwards. As a quality-control specialist, it is Jackson's job to ensure that every room in his hotel is satisfactory and up to guest standards. He should inspect each hotel room periodically, rather than wait until he receives a complaint. The question does not provide enough information to conclude that Jackson is failing to communicate with his staff, to inspect dirty rooms thoroughly enough, or to trust his staff to perform their jobs well.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: DePaolis, M. (2017, January 27). How to reduce rework: A proactive construction quality control plan. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://connect.bim360.autodesk.com/proactive-construction-quality-control-plan
76. A
Save money. Repairing or replacing damaged equipment is expensive. Employees who handle company property correctly so it lasts longer and needs less repair often help the business save money on maintenance costs. Maintaining equipment in good condition is one way that employees can help businesses control expenses. Correctly handling company property usually increases output. Businesses do not reduce prices because their property needs less repair. Correctly handling company property does not stop theft.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025—Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
77. A
By denying access to the property. Small properties use technology to keep out people who do not have keycards. The front-desk employees can use technology to override that system if they choose to do so. However, for security's sake, the employees can deny access to the building. Observing escalators and elevators and denying access to stairwells would be security issues for people already inside the property. The front-office employees would monitor activity at the front of the property rather than in the pool area if they were focused on keeping people out of the lobby and reception areas.
SOURCE: OP:058
SOURCE: Lang, L. (2017, January 25). 9 ways to help boost hotel security for guests and employees. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.cintas.com/ready/healthy-safety/9-ways-tohelp-boost-hotel-security-for-guests-and-employees/
78. C
Offering the guest a list of nearby medical providers or phoning for necessary help. If it's possible to let a guest choose his/her own course of care, provide the guest with a list of nearby doctors, dentists, hospitals, and/or other medical facilities. If a guest is unable to handle this task, management should call for needed services. Guests expect property managers to respond to medical emergencies. Not aiding a guest in distress is unethical and could result in lawsuits. Management should be focused, first and foremost, on getting the guest the help s/he needs, not on other guests' impressions. In its initial response, management should not lose valuable time trying to find out who, if anyone, may have played a hand in creating the problem (such as a custodian who failed to leave a "wet floor" sign, resulting in a guest's fall). That concern should be secondary to the guest's safety and can be dealt with later.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Hospitality School. (n.d.). How to handle emergency situations. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.hospitality-school.com/how-handle-emergency-situation-hotel/
79. A
Unauthorized individuals found on the scene. The presence of unauthorized people is a threat to the security of patrons, employees, and to the hospitality and tourism business. Individuals responsible for security will need to quickly determine the reason that the unauthorized people are present. Spilled water and a choking patron are safety threats. A phone call about an item in lost and found is not a safety or security issue.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 234-235]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
80. C
It sends a positive message about you to others. How you look and how you take care of yourself affect your self-esteem, which in turn can increase your job performance. By acting and looking like a professional who is serious about his/her job, you can set yourself apart from your coworkers in a positive manner. Dressing well shows your superiors that you are serious about your job, which may help you get promoted. Dressing well, however, does not guarantee you will be promoted, particularly if your job performance is not superior. Showing off a personal fashion sense or trying to show a high financial status do not necessarily help you succeed at work.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
81. D
Use the 24 hours in their day. Time management refers to how people use the 24 hours in their day to effectively accomplish goals. Organizing belongings, using calendars, and keeping time logs are all things people might do to manage their time, but they are not definitions of time management.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001—About Time (Time Management)
82. C
Buying an existing business. Entrepreneurial opportunities typically involve establishing or purchasing ownership of a business enterprise. Entrepreneurs usually don't work for someone else as a store manager, human resources manager, etc., although doing so may help prepare an individual for success as an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs may produce custom-made products, but purchasing such a product is not an example of an entrepreneurial opportunity.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
83. A
Traits such as initiative and commitment. A trait is a personal characteristic expressed by a regular pattern of behavior that becomes a part of you over time. An internship is an arrangement in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job training or practice for learners. Employers often feel that applicants who have participated in internship programs exhibit initiative (motivation) and commitment to carry out objectives and gain experience to help further their careers. Therefore, traits, such as initiative and commitment, are valuable to employers because they generally want to hire personnel who are committed and motivated in job-related tasks. Internships do not always provide interns with experience in financial matters. A well-rounded education and sales contacts are not personal traits.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 876). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
84. C
Network with others who have expertise in the industry. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Because Lisa is a business owner, she might join a hospitality and tourism trade association to network with others who work in the hospitality and tourism industry. By networking with others who have expertise in that industry, Lisa has an opportunity to get ideas that will help her business grow. She may also get advice about how to solve problems and deal with difficult issues that occur in the industry. Although some trade associations provide certification, they are not a means to earn a college degree. A trade association might help Lisa locate financial sources, but it would not extend credit to her so she can purchase equipment. As a business owner, the primary reason Lisa should join a trade association is to discuss professional business with colleagues rather than personal issues.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Hospitality Financial and Technology Professionals. (2017). Membership benefits. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.hftp.org/hospitality_association/member_benefits/
85. C
Contain job postings. Trade journals are targeted at the people in a specific industry. They identify industry trends, recognize industry leaders, contain job postings, and provide advertisements of interest to the particular industry. The job postings can be reviewed to identify new career opportunities in the industry. Although they contain good information, trade journals cannot substitute for job training. It's unlikely that hospitality and tourism trade journals would list new patents nor recommend newspaper subscriptions.
SOURCE: PD:273
SOURCE: McMahon, M., & Wallace, O. (2018, September 22). What is a trade journal? Retrieved October 31, 2018 from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-trade-journal.htm
86. D
Understanding the rules and their purposes. It's not enough to just know what the rules are—you should also understand the why behind them. Ignoring the rules you don't like, following your own set of rules, and reading the rules only once will not help you remember and follow the rules.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
87. B
Mobility. Automobiles, airplanes, roads and highway systems have made travel faster and easier and increased individuals' mobility. As a result, the demand for hospitality services has increased because more people are traveling for business and pleasure. The development and widespread use of cars and airplanes has not increased the general public's sensitivity, creativity, or stability.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Cook, R.A., Yale, L.J., & Marqua, J.J. (2010). Tourism: The business of travel (4th ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
88. B
Negotiable. The hospitality industry experiences fluctuations in demand for hotel accommodations. Supply and demand fluctuations occur for many reasons. For example, seasonal factors affect how resorts price their rooms. They often charge higher prices during typical vacation times because more people are traveling and need sleeping accommodations. Room prices are also affected by the economy. When the economy is good, more people take vacations and more organizations hold off-site business meetings. This creates a higher demand, which lowers the availability of hotel rooms. When people are traveling less, there is a decrease in demand and an increase in room availability. When this occurs, guests can often negotiate lower prices for the guest rooms. The hotels are willing to negotiate so that rooms do not go unoccupied, which is a financial loss for the hotels. Hotel room prices are not consistent, classified, or imprecise as a result of changes in supply and demand.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 297-300]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
89. C
Introduction. This is the stage in which the product first appears in the marketplace. The planning involved during the growth and the maturity stages relates to maintaining sales. Product planning during the decline stage is concerned with decisions relating to keeping, revising, or eliminating the product. Planners must be ready to plan price reductions or other methods to maintain sales or take steps to eliminate the product.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
90. D
Standards. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. The most common types of product standards include quantity standards, quality standards, time standards, and cost standards. Grades are ratings assigned to products that tell to what extent standards were met. The company is not setting sales standards. Costs are just one common type of product standard.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: LAP-PM-008—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
91. D
Position. Brand position is the way consumers see the brand as compared to competitive brands. In brand positioning, the marketer's goal is to separate the brand from its competitors by defining the product's unique characteristics. Brand extension involves using successful brands to introduce new products. Brand licensing involves legal authorization by a brand owner to allow another company to use the brand in exchange for a fee. Brand maintenance means protecting the brand, updating the brand, and evaluating brand strategies.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix & Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
92. C
Product bundling. Product bundling is a marketing strategy that involves offering several products for sale as one combined product. Cross linking is a method of adding links on your website to other websites with similar content or interests. Customer loyalty programs are put in place to reward customers for repeat business. Content marketing is the creation and distribution of content to attract customer engagement.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2018, October 5). What is product bundling? Retrieved October 31, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-product-bundling.htm
93. B
Location on the water. Few hotels will be able to duplicate the hotel's location; therefore, that should be its competitive advantage and should be used to attract the 35- to 55-year-old market that has money to spend. Since food will be included in the price guests pay, ease of access to fast-food restaurants will not be an advantage. Some guests may be turned off by the hotel's height because they'd prefer being close to the ground. The target market will be appealed to—not the competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:246
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for the hospitality industry (5th ed.) [pp. 214-219]. Boston, MA: Prentice Hall.
94. D
Child care. The hospitality industry offers many services to consumers, including dining, entertainment, and lodging facilities. Within the lodging facility, the amount of services and the level of service vary. Economy motels located near major highways offer traveling motorists simple, inexpensive sleeping accommodations. Upscale conference centers might offer meeting and banquet rooms and audiovisual equipment. Resorts might offer guests opportunities to enjoy on-site eating establishments, entertainment and tours, horseback riding, and child-care services for parents. Lodging facilities might participate in travel packages that include airline transportation. However, lodging facilities do not offer or provide the transportation. The transportation company provides the service. Resorts generally provide a wide variety of services. By offering a variety of options, guests spend more time and money on the property. Although it is possible for a resort to cater outside events, the services are generally developed to serve leisure or vacation guests.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Grant, L. (2016, February 4). Everything you need to know about all-inclusive resorts. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.oyster.com/articles/51469-everything-youneed-to-know-about-all-inclusive-resorts/
95. A
Outdoor advertising. Outdoor advertising includes billboards, painted bulletins, electric spectaculars, blimps, hot-air balloons, and skywriting. Hotels and motels often place advertising on billboards near airports to attract airline travelers to their facilities. Hotels and motels also place advertising on display panels in airports, and may even provide a direct phone for the convenience of airline passengers. This type of advertising is designed to attract the attention of travelers visiting a city who may not be familiar with the local hotels and motels. Open houses and window displays are more likely to attract local customers. Sweepstakes are designed to attract a wide range of customers, not specifically airline travelers.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 378-379]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
96. B
Value stream mapping. To facilitate continuous improvement, some businesses use value stream mapping to plot all activities and information in the flow of production. Developed by Toyota, the valuestream map is a visual depiction of the entire production process and is used to help the business identify bottlenecks and inefficiencies. As inefficiencies are identified, the business can take action to improve processes. The 80/20 rule is a selling principle which states that 80% of a business's sales are made by 20% of its customers. A fishbone diagram is a visualization tool that helps the business find ways to solve a problem by focusing on the possible reasons for the problem. Reverse audit is not a visualization tool that businesses use to observe production flow.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Thakur, S., & Edwards, G. (2010, December 23). A survey of Kaizen tools. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.brighthubpm.com/project-planning/100412-a-survey-ofkaizen-tools/
97. D
Firewalls. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on their computer networks. Firewalls are computer programs designed to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data. A frame allows a computer user the ability to view more than one web page at a time in a single browser. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Cisco. (2018, October 23). What is a firewall? Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/security/firewalls/what-is-a-firewall.html
98. C
Recommending hospitality services. Front-desk employees often tell guests about the hotel's dining options to encourage guests to use the hotel's food service. This is an example of recommending hospitality services. The advantage of recommending services, such as the dining room or room service, is that these services generate additional revenue for the hotel. If guests are unaware that the hotel has a restaurant or offers room service, they may leave the property and dine elsewhere. Telling guests about the hotel's restaurant and room-service menu is not an example of explaining complimentary offers, describing local opportunities, or promoting recreational activities.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th ed.) [p. 420]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
99. D
Gift certificates. Gift-certificate/card sales are an important source of revenue for many types of hospitality businesses. Consumers like to purchase gift certificates/cards for others because the gift recipients can book a reservation where and when they want it, which provides them with flexibility. Hotel chains do not sell reward points, contest passes, or keyless cards.
SOURCE: SE:479
SOURCE: RPG Card Services. (2017). Hilton gift cards. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.buyhiltongiftcards.com/
100. C
$85.06. Many restaurants offer special prices on certain types of dinners to attract customers. Customers order those dinners because they are priced lower than usual. If customers also have coupons for discounts, the restaurant calculates the discount to determine the total cost. In this example, the restaurant is offering lobster dinners for $22.99. A table of four orders the dinners, but two of the customers have coupons for discounts. To process the coupons, the restaurant subtracts the discount amount from the cost of the two dinners. To determine the amount of discount, add the cost of the two dinners and calculate the 15% discount ($22.99 X 2 = $45.98; $45.98 X 15% or .15 = $6.897 or $6.90). Then, subtract the discount from the cost of the two dinners ($45.98 - $6.90 = $39.08). Add the discounted price of the two dinners to the regular price of the other two dinners to calculate the total cost for the table ($39.08 + $22.99 + $22.99 = $85.06).
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Omni Calculator. (n.d.). Discount calculator. Retrieved October 31, 2018, from https://www.omnicalculator.com/finance/discount
Test 1206
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Franchisee. Franchising is a method of distributing recognized goods and services through a legal agreement between two parties. The franchisee (in this case, Janelle) acquires the rights to operate the business using the parent company's name. That parent company is known as the franchisor. For someone who wants to be a business owner, purchasing a franchise is often a desirable ownership option because the product has an established brand with a solid reputation. Licensing refers to an owner's authorization or permission for another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted, or patented material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties. The licensor is the owner of the material, and the licensee is the buyer.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. B
Customs duty. Goods that are brought across international borders are often subject to a tax called a customs duty. This is meant to control the flow of goods. It is not called a travel tax, a travel duty, or a souvenir tax.
SOURCE: BL:126
SOURCE: U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (n.d.). Customs duty information. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.cbp.gov/travel/international-visitors/kbyg/customs-duty-info
3. B
Intrusive personal searches. Air transportation is regulated by specific government agencies. Airports and airlines are required to abide by regulations concerning safety, routes, passenger rights, etc. Due to an increased concern about terrorism, airports have increased their security measures to reduce the risk of potential terrorists accessing airplanes as passengers. These measures include luggage and clothing inspections, pat downs, and body scanners to detect weapons that a person might have. Some travelers feel violated by the use of these techniques, and in the United States, some people believe the searches violate the U.S. Constitution's Fourth Amendment—the right to be secure of unreasonable searches and seizures. Some people may be annoyed with passport purchasing procedures, airline overbooking practices, and baggage fees; however, these issues do not relate directly to airport security.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Nixon, R. (2015, May 8). Airport security advances clash with privacy issues. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/09/us/airport-security-advancesclash-with-privacy-issues.html
4. C
Don't rush. Remember that reading and following directions is not a race! It's important to take your time and follow the steps provided. Even if you're in a hurry, like Carmen, rushing through directions can actually end up taking more time if you have to spend time fixing your mistakes. It's important to accept responsibility, know the end result, and go in order, but Carmen did not ignore these steps in this example.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: UA Management Information Systems. (2011, August 31). 101 ways to make yourself indispensable at work: Follow directions. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://uamis.wordpress.com/2011/08/31/101-ways-to-make-yourself-indispensable-at-workfollow-directions/
5. D
He is not excited because his body language doesn't match his words. It's important for a listener to observe a speaker's body language to look for any mixed messages. If Amir says he is excited and looking forward to the job, but his body language doesn't show enthusiasm, he may be pretending to be excited. Thinking Amir is not excited because no one likes working in fast food is an assumption. Just because Amir said he is excited does not mean it is true. If a speaker's body language does not match his words, it does not necessarily mean he has poor communication skills.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
6. D
Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion. A discussion between an employee and a supervisor about work-related issues is formal communication. Formal communication in the workplace involves behaving professionally and using a respectful tone. It also refers to communication that follows channels predetermined by the organization, such as those established in an organizational chart. Asking another person (coworker) for an opinion or brochure are informal forms of workplace communication. A possible firing in the workplace is an example of gossip, which is a type of informal communication that should be avoided.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Cameron, S. (2018, June 7). Definition of formal and informal communication methods. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8182249-definition-formal-informalcommunication-methods.html
7. B
Persuasive. Persuasive writing attempts to convince an audience to perform a certain action, such as buying a product. Responsive writing is used to respond to some prior communication. Informative writing is used to transfer information to an audience. Writing in the passive voice transfers the object of the action into the subject position. Although the banner ad transfers information about the handmade toys, the purpose of the ad is to persuade people to buy the toys.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Traffis, C. (2019). Learn the types of writing: Expository, descriptive, persuasive, and narrative. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from https://www.grammarly.com/blog/types-of-writing/
8. C
Using email can create reputational risk for him/her if it is shared with others. Email can easily be intercepted and shared with others, so it is typically wise to avoid using email to share confidential information. It is legal to share negative information about a company with others. Slander and defamation are intentional acts to damage an individual or organization and do not apply to the situation described. Since consultants are hired to give expert and honest evaluations, an unfavorable review of a company is not likely to cause the consultant to be perceived as a negative or judgmental individual.
SOURCE: CO:202
SOURCE: Duncan, G. (2013, August 24). Here's why your email is insecure and likely to stay that way. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/can-email-ever-besecure/#ixzz4H8g1HSEp
9. D
In-person meeting. How you communicate information in the workplace is often as important as the information itself. Phone calls, emails, and letters can all be good ways to communicate with employees, but a face-to-face meeting is the best way to deliver bad news (or anything else personal). You can more easily communicate your sincerity when you meet with an employee face-to-face.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Inc. (2010, May 1). How to communicate with employees. Retrieved August 9, 2019, from http://www.inc.com/magazine/20100501/guidebook-how-to-communicate-withemployees.html
10. A
Review the meeting agenda to gather necessary information. The agenda is a document that outlines or briefly describes the topics that are to be discussed during a meeting. Often, the meeting leader will distribute the agenda to meeting participants several days before the meeting. This enables the meeting participants to review the agenda so they can do research or gather information that will help them be prepared to discuss the meeting topics. The purpose of meeting may involve providing work-related status reports. Coworkers may not be part of the meeting, so they may not be able to help Olivia prepare for the meeting. Meeting leaders set the priorities (agenda) for the discussion.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2014). Six tips on how to participate in a meeting. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://work.chron.com/six-tips-participate-meeting-2014.html
11. C
“I need to look into this, but will call you back by the end of the day with an answer.” Clients expect prompt, courteous service. If David needs to obtain more information, he should advise the client that he will call back with the correct information as soon as possible. David should be able to call the client back himself for routine questions instead of asking his supervisor to make the call. Asking the client to call back or telling the client to expect a call at David's convenience is rude and is providing poor customer service.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3th ed.) [Lesson 14-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
12. C
Decreased quality of customer service. The costs of customer service training programs are a challenge for the hospitality and tourism industry, especially with high turnover rates. However, training is essential to customer service, and without it, quality is sure to suffer. Terminating a customer service training program is not likely to lead to an increased number of repeat customers or a stronger financial standing. Although the training program has been terminated, management will not reduce its productivity focus.
SOURCE: CR:043
SOURCE: Freeman, R., & Glazer, K. (2015). Chapter 9: Customer service. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-9-customer-service
13. A
Allow the customer to express his/her feelings. Sometimes, frustrated customers want to complain and release anger. Allowing them to express their feelings might help them calm down and make a resolution more likely. Agreeing with a customer's complaints is not a good idea because it undermines the authority of the company. Keeping the conversation in a public space is not a good idea because other employees or customers might hear the conversation, which could damage morale and reputation. Finally, disagreeing with each negative statement is likely to upset the customer rather than helping resolve the conflict.
SOURCE: CR:046
SOURCE: Geraghty, S. (2018, February 22). 12 conflict resolution tips for excellent customer service. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.talkdesk.com/blog/12-conflict-resolution-tipsfor-excellent-customer-service-2/
14. D
Consistent experiences. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. All messages and touchpoints should reinforce the brand promise in a consistent way. Brand characteristics vary among businesses and products but may focus on product quality. Businesses use many touchpoints to communicate their brand promises—employees, website, advertising, public relations activities, etc. All of the touchpoints and messages form the customers' impressions of the business and influence their experiences with the business.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: FrogDog. (2011, February 18). How to develop a brand promise. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://frog-dog.com/how-to-develop-a-brand-promise/
15. A
Business success or failure depends on customer service. In the hospitality and tourism industry, success or failure depends on the level and quality of customer service. Customer satisfaction is heavily influenced by service, and the greater the customer satisfaction, the higher the revenues for the business. Customer service has a greater impact than price when it comes to a customer's buying decision in this industry. Also, customer service can be taught through employee training programs; in fact, training is a crucial tool when it comes to ensuring high-quality customer service.
SOURCE: CR:049
SOURCE: Freeman, R., & Glazer, K. (2015). Chapter 9: Customer service. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-9-customer-service
16. B
Ask a valet to help him with parking and luggage when he arrives. A guest speaker is an important part of a conference, so you should arrange to make his arrival as easy and stress-free as possible. He plans to eat something on the way to the hotel, so there's no need to keep his entrée warm. Cancelling his presentation or arranging for a video conference call would not be helpful because the speaker is planning to arrive on time for his speech.
SOURCE: CR:053
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 185, 210]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
17. D
Responding to negative and positive online reviews. Online reviews of products on social media can have a huge impact. A business can increase customer satisfaction post-sale by responding to online reviews. This shows that the business cares about its customers and can lead to repeat business. Posting about the release of a product line, obtaining new followers that could make a purchase, and offering discounts for first-time customers are not related to customers' post-sale experiences.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Boitnott, J. (2016, March 21). 5 ways marketing can improve the post-sale customer experience. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.pardot.com/blog/5-ways-marketingcan-improve-post-sale-customer-experience
18. B
Human resources. Human resources are people, or employees, valued for mental and physical labor. Paul's Pizza lacked the employees, or human resources, needed to continue business operations. Natural resources are found in nature and used to produce goods and services. Capital goods are manufactured materials used in the production of goods and services. Economic wants are desires for items that can be valued in terms of money.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
19. D
Inelastic. Inelastic demand exists if the demand for a good or service is constant, even if the product's price changes. Some products are considered necessities that consumers must purchase regardless of their cost. For most consumers, gasoline is a necessity because they need to drive their cars. Elastic demand changes when prices change. Discretionary and inessential are not terms commonly used to describe demand.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. A
Economic. Economic trends, including unemployment, have an impact on business. The salon's sales are likely to decline in a time of high unemployment because fewer people have money to spend on luxury goods. Sociocultural factors include population changes, fashion trends, etc. If the business specialized in spa services that became unfashionable, it may see sales decline for sociocultural reasons. Technological factors deal with shifts in the type of technology available/used. Governmental factors are controlled by the government, such as changes in the tax rate or government regulations.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
21. B
Transferring. Contractual agreements, such as warranties, are one way to transfer risks to another person or business. This option enables businesses to move forward with their decisions without bearing the risks involved. Marlon might not be able to afford to pay for a new oven if this one breaks, but because he's transferred the risk to the oven company, he knows they'll replace it if he has any problems. Avoiding risk is demonstrated by not taking a chance, as a risk not encountered presents no danger. Preventing or controlling a risk happens when a business takes measures to prevent or reduce the risk. Businesses retain a risk if they do nothing to reduce or eliminate it.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
22. C
Hyperinflation makes running a business more difficult and unpredictable. Hyperinflation makes running a business more difficult and unpredictable. Prices may go up, but costs also rise, and profits fall, limiting business potential. Inflation raises interest rates; it doesn’t lower them. Hyperinflation would likely lower the value of exports as well.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-083—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
23. C
The GDP for China. MacBook computers produced in China would be part of the GDP for China, not for the U.S., because their production occurred outside the boundaries of the U.S. Government purchases include everything purchased by local, state, and federal governments. The manufacturing of computers in China contributes to China's economy but does not automatically create improvements to the community known as community revitalization.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
24. C
Strive to communicate clearly. Avoiding the use of slang is a way to communicate more clearly with those from other cultures who might not understand the hidden meaning of the words. This is a communication issue, not necessarily an issue of respect, patience, or expecting differences to arise.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
25. A
Body language. One of the ways that interest and enthusiasm can be demonstrated is through body language, which includes body movement. Verbal communication involves the use of words. Boredom is the opposite of interest and enthusiasm. Only a part of the server's personality is indicated in this situation.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3th ed.) [Lesson 3-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
26. D
Making excuses. Making excuses often means you are trying to convince yourself that what you are doing is okay. Dion may be tempted to think that it's all right to skip work because everyone is doing it or because his boss will never know. However, these are just excuses to justify making the wrong choice. Dion is not behaving ethically, being accountable, or acting with integrity.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: LAP-EI-004—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
27. B
You gain others' respect. Most people do not like to make mistakes, but everyone makes them from time to time. It's the way that a person handles a mistake or poor decision that is important. Taking responsibility means admitting the wrongdoing, accepting the consequences of the decision, and trying to do better the next time. When a person admits making a mistake, s/he is likely to gain the respect of others and gain trust. When people do not admit their mistakes or they blame others for mistakes, they are showing that they value their well-being over others, which is demonstrating self-importance. Most people do not trust individuals who do not accept responsibility for their actions or decisions, and are likely to be skeptical about those individuals' true motives. People cannot control others' opinions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
28. D
Being fair. Fairness means treating others the way that you'd like to be treated. Creating equal relationships encourages other people to trust you. People will be more likely to trust you if they know you treat everyone equally. Keeping promises, communicating often and openly, and taking responsibility for her mistakes are important techniques, but Siobhan is not demonstrating them in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
29. B
A lack of consequences. The threat of punishment is one reason why most people behave properly. If a person knows that s/he won't be punished for unethical behavior, s/he may consider acting unethically. This is not an example of pressure from others, the desire to prove oneself, or bad role models.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
30. B
Encouraging the speaker to give you all the facts. Listening carefully to others allows them to express their point of view and encourages them to provide you with complete information about the problem or situation. This should help you solve it. Demonstrating your command of body language is not a benefit of practicing effective listening. When listening carefully to others, you should not be thinking about unrelated things, such as your schedule for the day. Effective listening skills do not help you maintain control of the conversation.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
31. B
Leave the room immediately and shut the door. An employee who respects others' privacy would leave the room when a coworker is on the telephone. Standing quietly until being noticed, coughing loudly, and shutting the door and waiting for the telephone call to end are not ways of respecting a coworker's privacy.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 170). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
32. B
You overhear a coworker discussing her salary. Certain information about other people should be kept confidential to build trust, protect privacy, and abide by the law. In the workplace, individuals' salaries should be treated as confidential. Therefore, if you overhear someone disclosing her salary, you should not share that information with anyone; rather, you should keep it to yourself. You do not have to keep information about a meeting confidential, unless information discussed in the meeting was specifically stated as confidential. Recognizing an employee's performance does not require confidentiality, unless that employee chooses to remain anonymous. Finally, if a coworker has knowingly shared something on social media, s/he cannot expect that information to remain confidential.
SOURCE: EI:103
SOURCE: Mayhew, R. (2018, June 30). Can an employer speak to other employees about other coworkers? Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://work.chron.com/can-employer-speakother-employees-other-coworkers-11266.html
33. C
Ask for feedback and listen. It's very important to not only ask the other person for their feedback but to listen to what they have to say as well. You can then verify your understanding by summarizing the other person's comments or by asking additional questions. You don't want to focus on your overall feelings about the other person—instead, you should focus on your feelings about the person's behavior. You should apologize if you've yelled at or insulted a coworker. Avoid using "you" statements, as they tend to place blame and fault on the other person. Instead, try to use "I" statements, which convey your beliefs, perceptions, and feelings.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
34. B
Efficiency. When people with varying skills become accustomed to working together, they develop efficient practices and procedures that allow them to complete projects quickly and with few errors. Kaya could have tried to finish all of the work herself, but she would have been overwhelmed and unlikely to finish in time. Kaya's team of volunteers was more efficient and able to use their different skills to accomplish their goals in time. This situation does not depict the benefits of accountability, innovation, or social contact.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
35. A
Geographic origin. Andrea and Stephen differ in their geographic origins. This refers to the part of the world and the type of area from which a person comes, and it influences who they are. The two coworkers do not necessarily differ in race, language usage, or age.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
36. A
Idea generation. Coming up with an idea is the first step in the entrepreneurial process; without an initial idea, none of the other steps can be completed. A feasibility study is conducted to see if the idea is viable. Two steps in the feasibility study are illumination (where the idea becomes realistic) and verification (where the idea is found to be practical and useful).
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Chand, S. (2014, February 8). Entrepreneurship: Characteristics, importance, types, and functions of entrepreneurship. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/entrepreneur/entrepreneurship-characteristicsimportancetypes-and-functions-of-entrepreneurship/5228/
37. A
Credit. Credit is borrowed money that individuals can use to purchase goods and services when they need them. You get credit from a credit grantor, whom you agree to pay back for the total cost of the amount you spent (plus applicable interest charges) at an agreed-upon time. Matthew received $20,000 in credit from a financial institution to pay for college. He benefits from this credit because without it he may not be able to afford tuition. This example does not demonstrate the use of cash, debit, or bitcoin.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Experian Information Solutions, Inc. (2019). What is credit. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.experian.com/blogs/ask-experian/credit-education/faqs/what-is-credit/
38. A
The borrower defaults on the loan. When borrowers agree to a loan, they are making a legal contractual agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another person cosign for the loan. A cosigner is responsible for paying the loan if the borrower defaults on it, which means the borrower does not make the scheduled payments to the lender. Changes in interest rates do not affect a cosigner's legal responsibility for paying the balance owed on a loan.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Garman, E.T., & Forgue, R.E. (2018). Personal finance (13th ed.) [Lesson 7-4b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
39. D
Reconciling your checking account. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank statement that details your checking account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter transactions in your checkbook register, you may overdraft your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When you compare your bank statement with your checkbook register, you are not managing your mutual funds, reviewing credit card balances, or endorsing your paycheck.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: TheMint. (2019). Tracking your checking account. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.themint.org/kids/tracking-your-checking-account.html
40. C
Reconcile the bank statement with your own records. You should keep your own records of your deposits, withdrawals, interest, and fees so that you can compare it to your bank statement. Comparing your records to the bank statement can help you find mistakes or fraud. Avoiding financial management software does not help you be sure that your bank statement does not have any errors. Paying with only cash does not help you ensure that your bank statement does not have any errors, and it is also not practical. Balancing your checkbook regularly is a good idea to help you maintain accurate financial records, but it does not necessarily make sure that your bank statement does not have any errors in itself.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Burnette, M. (2018, March 8). What is a bank statement? Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/banking-basics/understanding-bank-statement/
41. D
Lending investments. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Certificates of deposit and municipal bonds are types of lending investments. Ownership investments are those in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item (e.g., stocks). Value stocks trade at lower-than-average prices because they have been overlooked or undervalued by investors. Commodities, which are often traded on stock exchanges, are inputs or goods used to produce other products such as oil, grains, gold, etc.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
42. A
No; this practice is known as underreporting. Not recording all of a company's revenue to avoid paying taxes is known as underreporting. Any sort of income tax evasion is a felony. Money laundering, which involves taking money from illegal sources and passing it through a business to make it seem legal, is not the same as underreporting. Even if other companies practice underreporting or if Mariana's boss asks her to do it, that doesn't make it legal. It's still an illegal practice that qualifies as tax evasion.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2018, May 18). Under reporting. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/underreporting.asp
43. A
Net income. A business's net income consists of all the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. It's considered the “bottom line” because it's the final calculation on the income statement. Operating expenses and gross profit are not referred to as the “bottom line.” A profitand-loss statement is another term for an income statement.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
44. D
Internal control procedures. Businesses often develop procedures to control cash or other assets in order to prevent loss. These fall under the category of internal controls. These procedures might include training employees on how to use the cash register, and requiring that they ring up each sale on the register and give receipts to all customers. These procedures help control cash by reducing the possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale, charging the wrong price, or giving customers too much change. Businesses do not develop credit card restrictions, two-person teams, or break-even requirements to reduce the possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale.
SOURCE: FI:113
SOURCE: Sullivan, D. (2019). Internal control procedures for the receipt of cash. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://work.chron.com/internal-control-procedures-receipt-cash-6735.html
45. D
15.42. Investors use the price-to-cash-flow ratio to determine the relative worth of a potential investment. A low price-to-cash-flow ratio is often an indication that the market has undervalued a particular stock, while a high price-to-cash-flow ratio can be a sign that the stock has been overvalued. The formula used to determine a company's price-to-cash-flow-ratio is Price-to-Cash-Flow Ratio = Current Stock Price / Cash Flow per Share. First, to determine the cash flow per share, divide the company's cash flow by the number of shares outstanding ($1,680,500 / 570,000 = $2.95). So, the cash flow per share is $2.95. Next, divide the current stock price by the cash flow per share to determine the company's price-to-cashflow ratio ($45.50 / $2.95 = 15.42).
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, June 23). Price-to-cash-flow ratio. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-to-cash-flowratio.asp
46. A
Help new employees learn about the company. Employee orientation consists of activities that help new employees become acquainted with their surroundings. During orientation, the new employees typically receive general information about the company and its policies, meet their coworkers, and tour the facility. After orientation, the employees report to their new managers to obtain training and specific information about their jobs. Often, the business may have an experienced employee help train and/or mentor the new employee. Performance reviews are tools that businesses use to evaluate an employee's work performance.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Brown, J. (2019, April 12). Employee orientation: Keeping new employees on board. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/employee-orientationkeeping-new-employees-on-board-1919035
47. D
An uncomfortable working environment. Sometimes, employees do not respect each other's lifestyles and discriminate against each other because of them. When this occurs, employees might experience an uncomfortable work environment. This can damage productivity. Language barriers are a result of ethnic or cultural differences, rather than differences in lifestyles. Generational misunderstandings are not a result of disrespecting lifestyle choices.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Renee, M. (2019, March 6). The top 10 diversity issues at work. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-10-diversity-issues-work-24939.html
48. D
Fixing mistakes consistently and quickly. Customers who are pleased with the way the business handles problems are likely to recommend the business to others, which results in a favorable reputation for the business. On the other hand, a business that fails to apologize and fix mistakes is unlikely to keep customers. As a result, customers tell others about their negative experiences with the business, which can damage the business's reputation. The delivery of unpredictable product quality, the use of highpressure sales techniques, and the use of minimal touchpoints to connect with customers are actions that are more likely to damage the business's reputation than safeguard it.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: LAP-MK-019—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
49. A
Target market. A target market is the particular group of customers a business seeks to attract. Jake is a soccer player with a need for new cleats—he fits the target market for a soccer specialty store perfectly. A market segment is more specific—it is one of the groups into which the total target market is divided. For example, female goalkeepers or male defensemen are both market segments within the larger target population of soccer players. An industrial market includes customers or potential customers who purchase items for use in the operation of a business, for resale, or for making other goods. Geographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of where customers are located.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
50. D
Criticism. When assessing information, it is important to discern fact from opinion and criticism. The example is a statement of disapproval, which is criticism. It is based on opinion or beliefs rather than facts. Facts contain information or data that are indisputable and true. A theory contains ideas that intend to explain events or occurrences.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Siegel, C. (2015, August 23). On opinion vs. criticism. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/opinion-vs-criticism-casey-siegel
51. B
Ethical; information management. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating the business's knowledge, facts, or data. The café is exhibiting ethical, cautious, and judicious behavior by implementing policies to protect its customers' information. Customers are more likely to trust the café with their personal information because the café states its privacy policies on its website. The privacy statement does not relate to the cafe's product promotion, marketing research, or production procedures.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Lee, W.W., Zankl, W., & Chang, H. (2016). An ethical approach to data privacy protection. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://www.isaca.org/Journal/archives/2016/volume6/Pages/an-ethical-approach-to-data-privacy-protection.aspx
52. B
Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs. Random Access Memory, or RAM, is a temporary workspace that stores data and programs that the user is actively using. A computer containing a lot of RAM enables users to open and work on several files and programs at one time. When the user has finished working with a file or program, s/he saves or stores the information permanently on the hard drive. The video card is a component of the system that converts code so the user can view items on the computer monitor. The computer mouse is a tool that enables computer users to enter commands.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Martindale, J. (2019, February 3). What is RAM? Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/what-is-ram/
53. A
Slide sorter. Presentation software programs allow users to present information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software is used in business to create slide programs to support oral presentations. The slide sorter function allows you to view thumbnails of existing slides and move them around to different sections of the presentation. The transition function allows users to select different effects to move from one slide to the next. Promote paragraph is a function that allows users to move sub points, and bullet points to higher positions (e.g., sub points to bullet points or bullet points to titles) in the slide text. The note master function allows the user to create speaking notes from the slide text.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Russell, W. (2019, July 11). How to use the slide sorter view in powerpoint. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.lifewire.com/sort-slides-in-powerpoint-4178539
54. C
Labor costs. Automated guest check-in and check-out services reduce the need for staff. The need for less staff lowers the hotel's labor costs. Lower labor costs benefit the hotel because it is not paying staff to perform check-in and check-out tasks, which increases its profitability. Automated guest services do not lower maintenance problems, security needs, or billing errors.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Chamberlin Public Relations. (2018, November 5). Is automation the wave of the future for hotels? Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.hotelonline.com/press_releases/release/is-automation-the-wave-of-the-future-for-hotels/
55. B
360. Businesses often analyze the information in customer databases to determine where customers live and how much they spend. To determine the number of customers who live in the Northeast and purchased $50 or more worth of goods last month, first calculate the percent of people living in that area by adding the percentages that live in the other areas (21% + 28% + 27% = 76%). Then, subtract that figure from 100% to determine the percent of customers in the Northeast (100% - 76% = 24%). Multiply the total number of customers by 24% to find the number of customers (3,000 X 24% or .24 = 720). Half of the 720 customers who live in the Northeast purchased $50 or more worth of goods last month. Calculate this number by dividing 720 by 2 (720 / 2 = 360).
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 658-659). Woodland Hils, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. A
Measuring the success of marketing campaigns. Web analytics allow you to collect data about visitors to your website. One of the benefits of doing so is being able to measure the success of digital marketing campaigns. You can track which campaigns lead to more page views and clicks, which allows you to make smarter marketing decisions in the future. While tracking analytics can help you reduce page bounces, it does not prevent them altogether. Tracking analytics is not necessarily related to discovering new sales tactics. Finally, tracking analytics does not necessarily save money on web hosting costs.
SOURCE: NF:205
SOURCE: Holloway, G. (2014, March 4). The business benefits of Google Analytics. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.koozai.com/blog/analytics/google-analytics-business-benefits
57. D
Data mining. Data mining is the process of sorting through data to discover underlying connections and predict future trends. By studying his company's sales data from the previous five years, Arthur was engaging in data mining—not the selling process, competitive analysis, or customer retention. The selling process is the process used by salespeople to convince customers to make a purchase. Competitive analysis involves researching a company's competitors, and comparing the competition's strengths and weaknesses to the company's strengths and weaknesses. The overarching activity of customer retention is not generally defined by a single process.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2019, June 25). Data mining. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/datamining.asp
58. D
Food service decreased when the resort was filled to capacity. A decrease in food service is an anomaly because food service is much more likely to increase when the resort is filled to capacity. The resort is likely to be booked on the busy holiday weekend by families free to travel during that time. It is common for website visitors to view nearby hotels, restaurants, and nearby holiday attractions.
SOURCE: NF:149
SOURCE: The Atlantic. (2012, April 3). Everything you wanted to know about data mining but were afraid to ask. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2012/04/everything-you-wanted-to-knowabout-data-mining-but-were-afraid-to-ask/255388/
59. B
Developing tour products specifically designed to appeal to retirees. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics (e.g., age, gender, education) of a population or market segment. Businesses consider demographic trends because changes in the population have an effect on the existing and potential products they market. Because trends indicate that a large segment of the population is aging and reaching retirement, hospitality/tourism businesses are developing products to attract retirees who are no longer in the workforce and have more time to travel. Tour products designed for retirees would not likely appeal to recent college graduates, families with young children, or business travelers.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Feigenbaum, E. (2016). Definition of business trends. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/definition-business-trends-3399.html
60. D
Responding to guests' lifestyle trends. Lifestyle trends are changes in the way people live their lives. One example of a lifestyle trend is fitness and health. Hospitality businesses should track and respond to lifestyle trends, such as the resort adding a state-of-the-art gym, healthy dining, and a personal trainer. This example is not related to economic impact, regulatory penalties, or becoming a globalized business.
SOURCE: NF:287
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 44-53]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
61. D
Write an exploratory report. Exploratory reports present facts so readers can understand an issue or situation. They are useful when explaining concepts or results. The general manager wants to know information about recent technological changes, so a written informational report would be appropriate. The general manager has not asked for a recommendation, so the IT director should not make one. Purchasing new software is not the most effective way to teach the general manager about recent technological changes. Finally, the general manager has not requested analytical data because he has not asked for the reasons why or how the technological changes have occurred.
SOURCE: NF:292
SOURCE: Purdue OWL. (2019). Introductions, body paragraphs, and conclusions for exploratory essays. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/general_writing/common_writing_assignments/exploratory_paper s/index.html
62. D
Adventure. The hospitality industry is developing ways to accommodate niche markets. Trends indicate that many niche markets are growing. Some of these markets include the baby boomers, healthconscious people, and adventure travelers. Adventure travelers include people who enjoy nature and often enjoy taking risks. Adventure travelers enjoy activities such as skydiving, mountain biking, and race car driving. Geotourism (or environmental tourism) refers to a market that is interested in unique or threatened outdoor environments, such as the rainforest. Agriculture enthusiasts are members of a niche market called the agritourists and often visit working farms.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Baran, M. (2013, September 5). Study finds significant growth in adventure travel market. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.travelweekly.com/Travel-News/TourOperators/Report-finds-significant-growth-in-adventure-travel-market
63. B
Determine if the guest has enough available credit to pay for the room. Upon check-in, if the guest is paying with a credit card, the clerk will use the information on the credit card to verify that the guest has enough available credit to pay for the room for the entire stay. Even if the guest would prefer to have their credit card charged in advance of their stay, the hotel would not charge the guest for any room service until that service has been ordered by the guest. The clerk would not need any credit card information to make a reservation at the hotel restaurant. Any voucher created at the front desk would not require the addition of any credit card information.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 200]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
64. B
Desire for profit. Businesses must learn to balance their ethical obligations with their desire for profit. Maximizing profit in ethical ways is the main ethical conflict in operations and in all of business. Businesses should not need to balance ethical obligations with legal obligations, productivity requirements, or employees' schedules.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
65. D
Share this information with your supervisor or the HR department. Discussing weapons at work and displaying obvious signs of anger or hostility are indicators of potentially dangerous behavior. While there is some chance that Edward will calm down soon, it would be wise to share your observations with your supervisor or the HR department, especially given his recent attitude and behavior. Your supervisor or the HR department can then decide how to handle the situation. Rather than contacting the local sheriff or police chief to discuss Edward's mood, you should start by sharing your knowledge with someone inside your company, such as your supervisor or a member of the HR department. Accusing Edward of plotting violence during a staff meeting is likely to antagonize Edward, making the situation worse.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Occupational Safety & Health Administration. (2017, March 13). Workplace violence. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/workplaceviolence/
66. B
Dynamic. Businesses rely on projects because the business environment is dynamic (always changing). Projects allow businesses to take advantage of new opportunities at a moment's notice. The business environment is not necessarily hard to understand nor is it inflexible. The business environment is full of competition, another reason it's important for businesses to undertake projects.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158—Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
67. C
Gaining a clear understanding of what is needed. The end result of identifying resources should be a clear understanding of what is needed for the project to succeed. This will help you be ready for unforeseen problems, although it won't eliminate them. Identifying project resources will not necessarily help you become a better, more cooperative team member or help you become more independent.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
68. A
Locate backup sources of goods and services. It's important for purchasing specialists to be sure they can get the goods and services they need when they need them. It's good to have backup sources because if a purchasing specialist doesn't do his/her job correctly or get the items or services that the business needs, then the business cannot produce its finished good or service. That could lead the business to lose money or maybe even close. A purchasing specialist doesn't necessarily want to purchase as much as s/he possibly can; instead, s/he should purchase in amounts that make sense economically. Getting a good price is important, but a purchasing specialist does not want to do so at the expense of his/her relationship with the supplier. Although some companies require purchasing specialists to always choose the lowest bidder, buyers are often permitted to select the bidder with the best overall terms, including quality and quantity, even if that supplier's price isn't the lowest.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
69. A
Purchasing efficiency. Purchasing efficiency is a performance measurement that relates to how well the purchasing department is performing against the budget that is in place for the department. Purchasing functionality is a performance measurement that measures the department against the functional requirements to provide the correct item at the right time at the lowest cost. Supplier relationships are not a performance measurement, although good supplier relationships should increase performance. Purchasing improvements would be measured from past measurements.
SOURCE: OP:247
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2019, July 25). Measuring purchasing performance. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/measuring-purchasing-performance-2221229
70. D
MRO. MRO (maintenance, repair, and operations) inventory refers to supplies consumed during production, such as cleaning products, office supplies, and repair tools, that do not become part of the finished product. Finished goods inventory refers to the completed products that are ready to be marketed. Work-in-process inventory refers to products that are being used to make the finished goods. Raw materials inventory refers to the component parts that have not yet been used in production.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Magloff, L. (2016). Types of inventory for an organization. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-inventory-organization-14109.html
71. A
Its selling price. A price markup is the difference between how much it costs to make a product and its selling price. A product may go through several markups before it reaches its final selling price. A price markup does not indicate anything about how much employees make, what was estimated in the budget, or the company's gross profit.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
72. C
Contact the supplier to resolve the discrepancy. Businesses monitor and track their suppliers' invoices to make sure they are billed correctly. If the business finds a discrepancy (e.g., incorrect discount amount) on the invoice, the business should contact the supplier to make necessary adjustments. In many situations, the supplier will send the business a revised invoice with the correct information. By paying an invoice that is higher than stated in the original purchase order, Kara is tying up funds that the business can use for other things. If the supplier does not take steps to correct the invoicing error, it might be appropriate to send a complaint to the supply company's president; however, Kara should begin the process by contacting the appropriate supply-company employee (e.g., salesperson). The supplier needs to generate a corrected invoice, not the business itself.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Hanson, M. (2010). Business math (17th ed.) [pp. 307, 337]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. C
Volume discounts on supplies. Supply chain members often have the opportunity to purchase supplies together, which allows the companies to take advantage of volume discounts offered by suppliers. Although collaborating with supply chain members may give companies access to detailed procurement information and help them build good relationships with suppliers, those are not financial benefits of supply chain collaboration. Supply chain collaboration can reduce transportation costs, not eliminate them.
SOURCE: OP:444
SOURCE: Chopra, S., & Meindl, P. (2013). Supply chain management: Strategy, planning and operation (5th ed.) [p. 259]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
74. A
Limit installation of outside software programs. Companies should set clear standards for what employees can install and keep on their computers at work. Outside software programs can bring security risks to a company's network and data. Using the same password for all accounts is not a good strategy because it makes accounts more vulnerable to hacking. Backing up your work is a good strategy for protecting customer data. Finally, giving all employees access to customer information is risky. Instead, information should be restricted to only those who need it.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2019). CyberSecure my business - Protect. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://staysafeonline.org/cybersecure-business/protect
75. B
Avoid direct contact with sharp objects and bacteria. Wearing disposable gloves when emptying trash containers prevents direct skin contact with bacteria, sharp objects (e.g., broken glass), and dangerous chemicals that can harm the employee's hands and spread blood-borne pathogens. Wearing disposable gloves does not prevent damage to floors and furniture, decrease the risk of security breaches, or reduce the risk of inhaling dangerous fumes. To reduce exposure to fumes, employees should wear ventilation masks.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Farina, D.A. (2017, April 6). How to safely dispose of office trash. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.safeopedia.com/how-to-safely-dispose-of-office-trash/2/5545
76. D
Electronic key cards. These offer excellent security for hotel guests as they do not contain a hotel room number, so that if one is lost or stolen it cannot be easily traced. Metal detectors are used in airports to check passengers entering boarding areas. Retailers use radio frequency identification tags, which are attached to expensive merchandise, to reduce the risk of shoplifting. A property management system is used to store information about reservations, room availability, and room rates.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 242]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
77. C
Not everyone communicates the same way. We need creativity in communication because not everyone communicates the same way. For example, there are cultural differences in nonverbal communication that may require you to get creative when sending and receiving messages from certain people. Most people know the basics of communication and don't necessarily get tired of the usual methods. Email can make communication more difficult, but it can also make it easier!
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
78. A
Penelope, who asked a successful veteran coworker to serve as her mentor. Employers expect their employees to exhibit certain characteristics and behaviors. For example, they expect their employees to possess good listening skills, work well with team members, be respectful, respond to requests for information promptly, and have a positive attitude. Employees are more likely to meet their employers' expectations if they look to others in the workplace for guidance and advice. A reliable, successful veteran coworker can serve as a mentor to a new employee, sharing his/her wisdom and suggestions for being an effective employee and meeting the employer's expectations for proper behavior. Charlene, Dave, and Tim do not meet common employer expectations for employees.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Snell, S.A., & Morris, S.S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 5.4c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
79. D
The type of training and education that entrepreneurs need depends on the nature of the startup business. For example, the owner of a new bed-and-breakfast inn might want to get training in various aspects of the hospitality industry. An entrepreneur who wants to be a self-employed architect needs to have a background in drafting and design. Many successful entrepreneurs have college degrees, but it cannot be assumed that most of them do. Successful entrepreneurs continue their professional development throughout their careers. Some startup business owners, such as lawyers, need to pass exams to practice their vocation, but it cannot be assumed that most entrepreneurs do.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
80. B
Researching prospective employers. By researching a company on the Internet, you can obtain a wealth of information that would be useful to you in your job search. This research would probably include such things as products offered, location, size of the company, sales, company image, problems, employee benefits, etc. Knowing about a company can enable you to size up how well you'd fit in with the company. Although you could use the Internet to search for a company's product reviews or if they have any pending lawsuits, these should not necessarily influence a decision about whether or not to apply for a job. Searching for careers that pay the most might result in useful information for career planning or deciding on a course of study in college, but is probably not that useful in looking for a job.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Arbuckle, D. (2019). 5 ways to use the internet for your job search. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://work.chron.com/5-ways-use-internet-job-search-4429.html
81. B
Theo attends a seminar about product-standard changes that are affecting his industry. Professional development consists of steps that an individual takes to enhance or improve skills or traits that are needed to excel in her/his career or profession. Attending a seminar to learn about changes that are occurring in your field or industry is one form of professional development. Zoe and Talia are performing work-related tasks, and Nick is asking a work-related question.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Scholnik, J. (2013, September 19). 5 benefits of joining a professional association. Retrieved August 12, 2019, from https://www.usatoday.com/story/college/2013/09/19/5-benefits-ofjoining-a-professional-association/37437533/
82. A
Transportation advancements increase the demand for hospitality services. The development of the automobile and airplane, as well as roads and highway systems, in the past century has made travel faster and easier. As a result, more people are traveling for business and pleasure, which increases the demand for hospitality services. Political factors do, in fact, influence the development for hospitality services. For example, the end of the cold war, marked by tearing down the Berlin Wall, increased opportunities for travel to various countries. As travel increases, the need for hospitality services increases. Because of advancements in the transportation industry (e.g., automobile and air travel), the hospitality industry has grown and changed significantly in the past one hundred years. An increase in tourism would create a higher demand for hospitality services.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Westcott, M. (2015). Introduction to Tourism and Hospitality in BC. [Ch. 2]. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/
83. C
Train, car rental, and airline. The focus of the travel industry is transportation. Train, car rental, airline, bus, cruise ship, taxi, and ferry services transport travelers from one place to another. Lodging provides sleep accommodation for travelers. Convention planning and visitor services are components of the tourism industry. Recreation services provide rest, relaxation, and enjoyment activities. These activities vary greatly and include things such as spectator sports, spa services, museums, amusement parks, camping, etc.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 8-12]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. C
For the use of a hotel's services. Price in the hospitality industry is the amount that guests pay for the primary services provided by a hotel. In most situations, the price is the amount guests pay for one night's lodging, which is considered the main service. However, some hotels provide other services that are included in the price of the room such as an exercise facility, swimming pool, shuttle service to the airport, etc. The money that a guest pays to make a future reservation is a deposit, which is refundable if the guest cancels within a certain period of time. Guests are not charged for requesting additional towels.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for Hospitality and Tourism (7th ed.) [p. 293]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
85. B
Commercialization. Commercialization is the step in the new-product development process at which a product goes into full-scale production, the marketing plan is put into place, service and sales training are conducted, and the product's life cycle begins. Idea generation is the initial step in the new-product development process and involves thinking up or creating new products and modifying existing products. Product development is the step in the new-product development process in which a working model may be tested, modified, and retested. Test marketing involves introducing a product to a limited market to see what its acceptance will be.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
86. A
Expansion. A business may expand its product mix by adding additional product items or lines. There are a number of reasons why a business may choose an expansion product-mix strategy, including satisfying customers' desire for variety, offering customers complementary products, spreading risk over a wider area, appealing to a new market, increasing sales and profits, enhancing the company's reputation, and making more efficient use of the company facilities. Contraction means removing product items or lines from the product mix. When a company decides to add a higher priced product or line to its mix, it is using a trading-up strategy. When a company decides to add a lower priced product or line to its mix, it is using a trading-down strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
87. D
Product bundling. Product bundling involves combining several goods and services and offering them to customers as one product. Usually, the bundled products are offered for one, all-inclusive price. Offering a package that includes accommodations, meals, and a sightseeing trip is an example of product bundling. In the hospitality industry, it is common for hotels to develop weekend packages to encourage guests to stay at the properties during times when the hotels are not filled. Offering a weekend package is not an example of price positioning, individual selling, or target advertising, although hotels might target the package to a specific audience.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2018, October 23). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved August 13, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41789.html
88. C
Valet parking. A service is an intangible product; one that can be felt, seen, heard, or experienced rather than touched. Many hospitality businesses offer valet parking as a service for their guests. Valet parking service occurs when a hotel or restaurant employee parks and retrieves the guests' vehicles upon the guests' arrival or departure from the business (e.g., hotel, restaurant). Meals, airline tickets, and electronic room keys are tangible items.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 198]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
89. A
Product extension. A product extension is an additional product related to, but different than, the main travel product in which the company uses its established brand name to launch a new product line. Product bundling refers to grouping products together for and offering a discounted price. Product contraction refers to the removal of an existing product from the market. Product modification refers to changing certain aspects about a product to make it more appropriate for a target market.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Kukreja, S. (2019). Product mix modifications? Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://www.managementstudyhq.com/product-mix-modifications.html
90. B
Remind customers. Reminder promotions seek to reinforce a favorable company image that is already present in customers' minds. Because the guest is already staying at the hotel and the promotional materials do not include unknown information, the hotel would not be using the materials to inform. These specific promotional materials are not being used to collect feedback or identify customers.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
91. B
Coupons. A coupon is a certificate or part of a printed advertisement entitling the holder to a reduced purchase price. Hotels and motels often use coupons as an effective method of promoting their facilities to new customers. The objective is to attract new customers with reduced rates and encourage them to become regular guests. Prizes, contests, and awards are other types of promotional methods that do not involve discounts.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for Hospitality and Tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 404-405]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
92. A
Increased sales. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. A potential benefit of improved processes is increased sales. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. Continuous quality improvement processes can increase productivity (outputs), which lowers costs and increases profits.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuousquality-improvement-cqi.html
93. B
Managers override control processes. An internal control system consists of procedures and practices designed to ensure compliance, protect resources, and increase reliability of company data. When managers fail to follow procedures, they hinder the company's ability to control internal risks. Maintaining detailed audit trails, communicating the importance of internal risk control to employees, and continuously monitoring the control efforts are actions that help the business control internal risks.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Amato, N. (2014, June 20). Five barriers restricting risk management process. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://www.journalofaccountancy.com/news/2014/jun/201410315.html
94. B
Trade shows. Trade shows are sponsored by many businesses within the same industry as a way of promoting their goods and services and generating customer interest. Salespeople often attend trade shows to talk to their colleagues in the industry and obtain additional information about new and existing products. Salespeople can see products being demonstrated and have the opportunity to ask questions to obtain product information that will help them sell. Union events are sponsored by labor unions and usually concern wage and benefit issues of interest to their members. Sales meetings are held within individual businesses or departments of a business to discuss specific sales activities. Open houses are primarily social events designed to introduce a business to the community.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Entrepreneur.com. (2019). Trade shows. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/trade-shows
95. D
Follow up with the customer to ensure satisfaction. The selling process consists of several phases. Each phase is important and contributes to accomplishing the salesperson's goal of making a sale. The last phase involves reaffirming the buyer-seller relationship. This phase is important because it helps customers feel confident about their purchases, which may influence their decision to purchase from the business in the future. To reaffirm the buyer-seller relationship, salespeople follow up with the customer to make sure the customer is satisfied with the purchase. If the customer is not satisfied, the salesperson can take corrective action to ensure customer satisfaction. A sales presentation occurs during the phase in which the salesperson prescribes solutions to the customer's needs. Putting the customer at ease by being friendly and approachable occurs during the phase in which the salesperson is establishing a relationship with the customer. Taking the necessary time to handle the customer's objections occurs during the phase in which the salesperson reaches closure.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
96. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that the property does not normally have on hand. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. An open order is an order for staple goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: SE:478
SOURCE: Gordon, J. (2019, January 11). How to determine whether or not to accept a special order in accounting. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/determinewhether-not-accept-special-order-accounting-81542.html
97. D
Processing a financial transaction. When selling goods or services over the telephone, it is necessary to process the financial transaction. Today, many customers order products over the phone and pay with a credit card. When the business takes the credit card information from the customer, it then processes the information to complete the transaction of transferring funds to the business's account. Once the transaction is completed, the business has received payment for the tickets. Taking a customer's order over the phone and accepting payment with a credit card does not guarantee product satisfaction or reduce the possibility of counterfeiting. In many cases, products purchased over the phone are mailed to customers. However, taking the order and accepting payment is not an example of implementing a mailing system.
SOURCE: SE:329
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
98. D
$44.16. Pizza restaurants frequently offer special pricing and discounts to attract customers on nights that are not busy. To calculate the total of the bill with discounts, first calculate the discounted amount for the large pizzas by adding the cost of the three pizzas and subtracting $1 for each or a total of $3 ($10.95 X 3 = $32.85 - $3.00 = $29.85). Next, calculate the discounted price for the wings by multiplying the original price by the discount percentage rate and subtracting that amount from the original price ($6.95 X 20% or .20 = $1.39; $6.95 - $1.39 = $5.56). Next, multiply the price of soft drinks by the number of drinks ordered ($1.25 X 7 = $8.75). Add the totals to calculate the amount of the bill ($29.85 + $5.56 + $8.75 = $44.16).
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Fowler, A.R. (2016). Marketing (4th ed.) [Lesson 7.3.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
99. A
Strategy development. The central goal of managerial planning is establishing future goals and developing strategies to realize those goals. While capital fundraising and staff recruitment may be parts of this strategy, they are not the overall focus of managerial planning. Task performance may be an important aspect of management, but is not necessarily related to planning.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019, February 4). The basic steps in the management planning process. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/basic-steps-managementplanning-process-17646.html
100. A
Reduced sales. The location of a sports or entertainment facility often has an effect on sales. If consumers feel that a facility is located in an unsafe area, they may be reluctant to purchase tickets to events. This would result in reduced sales. Event promoters should be aware of consumers' concerns for safety and schedule events in appropriate facilities. The location of a facility does not necessarily limit access or decrease parking. The length of an event would not be shortened because of the facility's location.
SOURCE: SM:076
SOURCE: Superevent. (2019). 13 important things to consider when choosing your event venue. Retrieved August 15, 2019, from https://superevent.com/blog/13-important-things-toconsider-when-choosing-your-event-venue/
Test 1214
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Interference with a contract. Tortious interference with a contract exists only if the plaintiff can establish the following four elements: There was a contract between the plaintiff and a third party, the defendant knew of the contract, the defendant induced the third party to breach the contract or made performance of the contract impossible, and there was injury to the plaintiff. ABC Computing knew about the contract between Hexon Corporation and Peabody Computers but still made a competing offer, resulting in Peabody Computers losing the sale. This is an example of tortious interference with a contract. Intrusion refers to the invasion of someone's private life, commercial exploitation refers to the use of someone's likeness or voice for commercial purposes without his/her permission, and negligence refers to harm that arises by accident. Intrusion, commercial exploitation, and negligence are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Laws.com (2017). A brief overview of tort law. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://tort.laws.com/tort-law
2. C
You lost money. To prove that a contract has been breached, you must demonstrate that the contract existed, that the contract was broken, that you lost money, and that the defendant was responsible. More than two parties do not have to be involved. You do not have to verify that the breach has already occurred; a breach can be anticipatory, meaning that the terms of the contract will not be fulfilled in time. Finally, you need to verify that the defendant is responsible, not that no one is responsible.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Rocket Lawyer. (2016). Breach of contract: What happens now? Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://www.rocketlawyer.com/article/breach-of-contract-what-happens-now.rl
3. C
Hotel restaurants and banquet facilities generally increase the prices of their products. When a community's leaders create legislation to increase taxes for food and beverage products, the businesses that supply the products pass the tax increase to the consumer by raising prices on the products. The types of businesses that provide food and beverage products include hotel restaurants and banquet facilities. A tax increase in a certain community does not necessarily lead to less discretionary income for all consumers of the hospitality product. If the hospitality segment in the community is comprised of more restaurants than lodging facilities, then most of the hospitality businesses in the community are affected by the tax increase. Food and beverage tax increases do not necessarily affect the price of the lodging product since some lodging facilities (e.g., economy) do not offer food and beverage products. Because some lodging facilities do not offer food and beverage product, tax increases do not necessarily force lodging facilities to increase room rates on a seasonal basis.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 658). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
4. C
Active listening. Active listening involves using nonverbal cues, paraphrasing, questioning, and other techniques to let a speaker know that a message has been heard and understood. Adnan is listening actively to his boss so that he will understand everything s/he says. This is not considered passive listening, passive speaking, or active speaking.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
5. D
What is your presentation about? Open-ended questions are those that require more than just a yes or no answer. If someone asked you what your presentation was about, it would require you to say more than just yes or no. But if someone asked you if you were ready for your presentation, if your presentation was finished, or if you needed a projector for your presentation, you would be able to answer with a simple yes or no. These questions are considered closed-response questions.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: LoveToKnow, Corp. (1996-2018). Examples of open-ended and closed-ended questions. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-openended-and-closed-ended-questions.html
6. C
She gave out a guest's room number. Although Dawn was courteous with the caller, she was distracted by the fact that the caller seemed upset and said the call was about an emergency. In her haste to be helpful, she forgot that she should try to locate the guest, not give out her room number, even in what was described as an emergency. It was appropriate for Dawn to tell the caller that she would transfer the call and to ring the guest's room before transferring the caller to the guest's voicemail, especially in an emergency situation.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Shelton, S. (2018, March 13). Guest privacy policy for hotels. Retrieved October 8, 2019, from https://traveltips.usatoday.com/guest-privacy-policy-hotels-42253.html
7. D
Swaying from side to side. Swaying from side to side during a presentation could be very distracting to an audience. Speakers often point, talk with their hands, or smile to add meaning to their talks.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
8. C
Productivity. Employees that use social media at the workplace may be inclined to use their personal social media sites, which could decrease productivity. Social media activism has been shown to boost sales, goodwill, and online presence.
SOURCE: CO:205
SOURCE: Adams-Mott, A. (2018). The disadvantages of social networking in the workplace. Retrieved on October 2, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/disadvantages-social-networkingworkplace-21064.html
9. D
Happy employees. When someone says that a business has positive relations with its internal customers, the person means the business has happy employees. Employees are a business's internal customers, and keeping them happy is important because unhappy employees have difficulty creating and maintaining satisfied "external" customers. Positive employee relations does not necessarily relate to updated technology or strong managers.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
10. C
Personnel. When a customer has received inaccurate or insufficient information about a product, the complaint usually applies to personnel. In other words, the salesperson or employee did not do her/his job correctly if the customer is still confused or has questions. Inaccurate or insufficient product information would be less likely to generate complaints about advertisers, the product, or the business itself.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
11. C
Understand what guests truly want. In the hospitality and tourism industry, understanding what is truly driving customers' complaints is essential. When you understand what guests want, you can easily fulfill their needs and resolve conflict. Being aware of common triggers of conflict can help prevent conflict rather than resolving it. Hospitality and tourism employees should maintain a positive attitude rather than an authoritative attitude. Finally, hospitality and tourism employees do not necessarily need to escalate conflict to upper management.
SOURCE: CR:044
SOURCE: Friedlander, R.J. (2015, June 24). 6 guidelines for managing guest conflict and preventing bad online reviews. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4070802.html
12. D
Offered the customer a restaurant gift card. One of the ways to recover from a negative experience with a customer is to make amends to the customer. Doing so can help encourage the customer to return to your business, even if s/he had an issue. Offering a restaurant gift card is a great way to do this because it not only makes the customer feel heard and respected, but it also gives him/her a reason to come back. Izzy should not have explained to the customer why he was being unreasonable because this might have further upset him. Avoiding the customer and sending out a different server would not necessarily help improve the customer's experience. Finally, offering the customer an iced tea instead of a lemonade would not necessarily help because the customer did not have an issue with the lemonade itself.
SOURCE: CR:045
SOURCE: Baird Group. (2019). Service recovery: 5 steps for making things right. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://baird-group.com/articles/service-recovery-5-steps-for-making-things-right
13. A
Invite him to be seated in a waiting area. It is important to be friendly and make all visitors feel welcome. Ignoring a visitor can make him/her feel unwelcome. Telling a customer that an associate always runs late or asking for opinions of his performance is unprofessional and may make the visitor feel uncomfortable.
SOURCE: CR:052
SOURCE: Martin, M.J. (2017, September 26). How to greet clients at the office. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/how-8684581-greet-clients-office.html
14. A
If the request jeopardizes the safety of others. In general, businesses should try to honor all special needs and specific requests of customers. However, if the request jeopardizes the safety of others (e.g., leaving a security checkpoint unattended), it might be impossible to honor that request. Requests should be honored even if the customer is impolite and demanding. Businesses should honor requests that are unrelated to health. Finally, whether or not a customer is new to the company is unrelated to whether or not his/her request should be honored.
SOURCE: CR:054
SOURCE: University of Louisiana at Lafayette Office of Disability Services. (2019). Reasonable vs. unreasonable accommodations. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://disability.louisiana.edu/content/faculty-information/reasonable-unreasonableaccommodations
15. D
Add a consumer-participation option such as a salad bar. One way that restaurants can manage high demand without hiring staff is by including a consumer-participation option, such as a salad bar. This eliminates time spent on preparing and serving salads, as well as keeping customers busy. Only accepting customers who have a reservation might not help because the restaurant will still be busy without enough staff to handle demand. Offering discounts for customers to come back another time is a strategy to shift demand, not necessarily to manage customer experience during peaks in demand. Expanding the restaurant to accommodate more tables is a strategy to be able to handle more customers, but it does not solve the issue if the restaurant cannot hire more staff.
SOURCE: CR:038
SOURCE: Hall, M. (2018, January 16). Is demand or supply more important to the economy? Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/040815/demand-orsupply-more-important-economy.asp.
16. B
Apologize and attempt to rectify the problem. When a company receives a negative review on social media, it should use the platform to publicly acknowledge the customer. This gives the customers the attention and respect they are seeking, as well as demonstrating that the company cares about its customers. The company should not ignore the negative comment because this makes it appear that the customer's opinion does not matter. Replying with a witty comment will not necessarily improve brand image because the customer might feel insulted or belittled. While it is a good idea to gather more information about the problem, it might be wise for the company to do so privately rather than publicly in a comment.
SOURCE: CR:028
SOURCE: Schiff, J.L. (2015, September 15). 7 ways social media can improve customer satisfaction. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.cio.com/article/2984024/7-ways-social-mediacan-improve-customer-satisfaction.html
17. D
Health of economy. The decisions of consumers to buy or not to buy determine the health of the economy. When consumers fail to buy, jobs are lost in retail and wholesale businesses. This forces producers to lay off workers. Consumers who lose their jobs are able to satisfy fewer wants because of decreased income. When consumers buy, the economy grows and prospers. Consumers' buying decisions do not affect the condition of society, the level of government, or the state of democracy.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
18. A
When supply exceeds demand, producers will lower prices to sell excess supply. Demand interacts with supply to determine prices. When supply exceeds demand, producers will lower prices to satisfy customers. Producers are in business to make a profit. They are not likely to reduce prices when demand exceeds supply. Rationing determines who gets the goods and services produced and does not affect how supply and demand interact to influence price.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
19. C
Occupancy tax. Government has levied a tax on people occupying hotel rooms. The amount of the tax varies from location to location. Income tax is paid on a person's wages and business sales. Estate tax is paid on inherited property valued above a certain amount. Property tax is paid on land, buildings, etc., that people own.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-072—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
20. A
Inputs and outputs. Productivity is the amount and the value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). The other terms are not related to the concept of productivity. The law of supply and demand states that the supply of a good or service will increase when demand is great and decrease when demand is low. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. In a monopoly, a single business influences the entire production of a particular good or service. Profit is the income left once all expenses are paid, and loss is the income that is lost due to poor sales, added expenses, etc.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
21. C
Returns. The marginal output gained from hiring another worker is less than it was for each previous worker hired. There is no such thing as the law of diminishing production, output, or utility.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
22. D
Experiences political instability. Currency exchange rates are constantly fluctuating and are affected by many factors. When a nation experiences political instability, the value of its currency tends to decrease because the nation's future is uncertain. A nation's currency value tends to increase when its exports exceed its imports, when it carries a low level of debt, and when it limits the amount of money it prints and circulates.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
23. A
Makes sure she behaves in accordance with those traits. Assessing her values and behavior will help Josie treat others with respect and fairness. If she values those traits, she can examine her behavior to make sure it supports them. Josie's values of respect and fairness don't mean that she does not need to monitor her behavior, nor do they mean that she will never struggle to act ethically. Her values also do not ensure that she will experience success both personally and professionally, though they might help her develop strong and beneficial relationships.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
24. A
Deciding whether or not to cheat. Ethical dilemmas (also sometimes referred to as ethical situations) involve deciding whether something is right or wrong. In an ethical dilemma, if you pick the wrong choice, someone (or something) could be harmed. No one will be harmed by your coat, lunch, or movie decisions. However, cheating on a test can harm your classmates and teacher.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
25. B
Change any of your behavior that needs improvement. Take an objective look at criticism, decide how much is valid, and use it to improve yourself. You should never change yourself just because others suggest it; only make changes if their criticism has merit. Refusing to take criticism seriously and ignoring it are responses that may help you deal with it at the time but won't benefit you in the future.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
26. B
By responding to customers' interests and questions on social networks. To become engaged with its customers, a company needs to listen and respond to them. Viewing trends and messages helps a company stay informed, but it does not engage customers. Creating a blog or tweeting and posting about company developments are good ways to regularly communicate with customers who follow a company, but they do little to engage them.
SOURCE: EI:107
SOURCE: Patel, N. (2015, January 5). How social listening can improve your marketing. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/social-listening-can-improveyour-marketing/
27. B
Maintain your composure. When responding to objections, it's important to maintain your composure. You should avoid getting angry, taking personal offense to objections, telling audience members that they are wrong, or attempting to change the subject. You should never pretend that you didn't hear an objection. These responses would be inappropriate and disrespectful to your audience.
SOURCE: EI:108
SOURCE: LAP-EI-108—Do They Buy It? ("Selling" Ideas to Others)
28. C
Verbal, assertive. Verbal, assertive behavior is a confident attitude that involves the use of words, such as speaking up when you don't fully understand something or asking questions to get more information. Nonverbal, assertive behavior is a confident attitude expressed through body language. Avoidance behavior is conduct with the goal of avoiding conflict at any cost. Offensive behavior is anything that causes others to feel discomfort, embarrassment, or anger.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
29. B
It shows that you value the other person's opinions. When you remain calm and objective, it is easier for you to avoid offending or threatening the other person. This shows him/her that you value his/her opinions. Remaining calm and objective doesn't show the other person that you're right; if you're trying to resolve a conflict, it's better to focus on solving the problem together than being right. Remaining calm and objective doesn't have anything to do with taking a break or establishing boundaries.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
30. A
A person who uses critical thinking to evaluate a situation. A person who uses critical thinking to consider the validity of a situation and considers various viewpoints to determine the best and most logical way of doing something is more likely to challenge the status quo. People who are benefiting from the status quo usually resist or oppose a challenge to it. People who follow the crowd or view old ways as superior are not likely to challenge the status quo.
SOURCE: EI:134
SOURCE: LAP-EI-134—Unfollow the Crowd (Challenging the Status Quo)
31. B
Lifestyles. To treat others respectfully at work, employees must understand and respect their differences, one of which is lifestyles. The ways in which people lead their daily lives create their lifestyle. Many factors define individuals' lifestyles, including the way people spend their time, the activities they pursue, and their marital status. In the example, Emily is married and Becca is single. Emily prefers to spend her free time sewing and doing puzzles, while Becca enjoys participating in athletic activities. There is not enough information provided to determine if Emily and Becca differ in age, education, and personality.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
32. B
Separate their business and personal finances. The line between business life and personal life can often seem blurred for entrepreneurs, especially those that are in the initial planning stages. Money intended for business use may wind up being used for personal expenses such as rent and groceries, or vice versa. It may seem trivial if it's just a few hundred dollars, but it's important for entrepreneurs to separate their business and personal resources to ensure compliance with the law—and to provide transparency for investors and customers. Opening a joint bank account for employees, using personal money for business purposes, and using business money for personal purposes are not examples of providing transparency.
SOURCE: EN:044
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
33. A
Transfer payment. Income is money received from outside sources. Sources of income include salaries, interest earned, dividends, rent, and transfer payments. Transfer payments are monies paid by the government in which no goods or services are received in exchange, such as welfare benefits, veterans' benefits, disaster aid, and unemployment compensation. To receive transfer payments, individuals, businesses, or jurisdictions must meet certain criteria. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a product, usually from the product's manufacturer. A refund is a sum of money given back to individuals or businesses. Refunds are issued when an excessive amount has been paid (e.g., tax refund) or when items have been returned to a business. Wage garnishments are court-ordered initiatives that involve taking income from an employee's salary and submitting it to another person or organization. Examples of garnishments include child support and alimony.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Segal, T. (2019). Transfer payment. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/transferpayment.asp
34. A
Net pay. Net pay represents the amount the check is written for after taxes and deductions have been subtracted. Gross pay represents the total amount earned before taxes and deductions have been subtracted. Overtime pay and regular pay represent earnings at different rates before taxes and deductions.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 62-64]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
35. C
Bond. A bond is a debt investment, meaning an investor loans money to an entity which borrows the funds for a defined period of time. In return for loaning the funds, the investor receives interest at either a variable or fixed rate. When an individual buys a stock, s/he becomes a "part owner" of the business, entitling him/her to vote at shareholders' meetings and to receive profits that the company allocates to its owners. A mutual fund is a collection of stocks and bonds. When individuals invest in mutual funds, they are pooling their money with other investors, enabling them to pay a professional manager to select specific investments for the group. An IRA, or an individual retirement account, is an investing tool used by individuals to save money for retirement. IRA's can consist of a range of investment vehicles such as stocks, bonds, or mutual funds.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
36. A
Applying for a bank loan. A creditor is most likely to review a business's financial accounting records if the business is applying for a bank loan, regardless of whether the business uses the cash accounting or the accrual accounting method. The bank grants or denies the loan based on the business's financial information. If the business is profitable and will continue to be profitable, the bank will probably agree to the loan. Creditors are not likely to review a business's financial information when the business selects a new market, unless the business requests funds from the bank to target the market more effectively. While it is good for a business to comply with regulations, that doesn't necessarily mean that a creditor is going to review the business's financial records.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
37. A
Prevent loss. Businesses develop procedures to control cash in order to prevent loss. These procedures might include training employees on how to use the cash register, and requiring that they ring up each sale on the register and give receipts to all customers. These procedures help control cash by reducing the possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale, charging the wrong price, or giving customers too much change. Businesses do not establish cash-control procedures to reduce depreciation, monitor debt, or estimate income.
SOURCE: FI:113
SOURCE: Tatum, M., & Harris, B. (2019, September 25). What is cash control? Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-cash-control.htm
38. A
Obedience to authority. Obedience to authority is the tendency to please authority figures and go along with them, even when they are being unethical. When unethical decisions come from authority figures, it can be difficult to disobey them. Short-term gratification is the pursuit of instant satisfaction rather than delaying rewards for greater long-term benefit. Sunk costs are costs that have already been incurred and cannot be recovered. Overconfidence occurs when people are overly sure in their own abilities.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355—Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
39. A
There is always a year-long plan in place. Many businesses use rolling, or continuous, budgets. Beginning with a 12-month budget, a new month is added as each month goes by. Advantages to this system are that there is always a year-long plan in place and that a major, annual budgeting effort is avoided. In addition, rolling budgets tend to be more flexible. Zero-based budgeting requires managers to demonstrate the need for every expense instead of relying on figures from a previous period. Rolling budgets are not always zero-based budgets. While it is true that a master budget is made up of information from specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments, it is not an advantage of a rolling budget. The rolling budget does not eliminate all variances, which are the differences between budgeted amounts and actual amounts.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
40. A
Cash from operations. Cash flow includes three components by which cash enters and leaves a company: cash from operations, investing, and financing. Cash from operations includes how much cash is generated from a company's products or services. Accounts receivable is included in this section. Net income is not the same as cash flow because it also includes sales made with credit.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Murphy, C.B. (2019, June 11). Understanding the cash flow statement. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/investing/what-is-a-cash-flow-statement/
41. D
Recruitment. Recruiting is the aspect of staffing that involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees. The key to recruitment is finding just the right number of applicants—not enough and it may be difficult to find a qualified, well-suited candidate; too many and the process becomes lengthy and timeconsuming. Interviewing happens after a list of potential candidates has been identified and the applicants who don't meet minimum requirements have been weeded out. Onboarding activities occur after an employee has been hired and can include employee orientation and various types of paperwork, like insurance, tax withholding, direct deposit, and citizenship information. Orientation varies from business to business, but it may involve giving the employee a tour of the facilities and making introductions, giving the employee information about company procedures and policies, and familiarizing the employee with his/her new work space and equipment.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
42. B
To promote diversity. Companies that have firm policies to deal with discriminatory behavior are more effective at promoting (not reducing) diversity. While policies concerning discriminatory behavior can indirectly reduce workplace violence, those policies are not likely to eliminate workplace violence completely. Company management can model positive attitudes and demonstrate the importance of diversity, but it is not always possible to change or eliminate discriminatory attitudes among employees.
SOURCE: HR:515
SOURCE: Renee, M. (2019, March 6). Top 10 diversity issues at work. Retrieved on October 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-10-diversity-issues-work-24939.html
43. C
Expectation. Your buying behavior is being influenced by an expectation, or something you anticipate to happen based on past experience. Expectations are an important part of our perceptions, or personal pictures of the world. An opinion leader is a role model. A special occasion might become a situational influence on your buying behavior. A cultural norm refers to the usual behavior in the place where you live.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
44. C
Rate of use. Busy mothers have been identified as frequent consumers or users of energy drinks; their rate of use is an example of shared behavior. Loyalty response refers to a consumer's preference for a particular brand. Occasion response refers to purchases that occur at specific times (e.g., birthdays, holidays). Economic status refers to a person's wealth.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
45. B
Contains only necessary data. A business should only store the customer data and information that it needs. The information stored should not contain subjective language. It should be kept on a computer that is only accessible by people who need the information, and it should not be shared with everyone in the company.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Australian Association of Social Workers. (2015, December). Information management: Social work records, records ownership and access. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://www.aasw.asn.au/document/item/4680
46. B
Multiprocessing. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time. Augmented and hosted are not types of operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2019). Operating system. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
47. D
Slide 2 leaves and slide 3 enters. Applying a transition to a slide within a PowerPoint presentation affects how both the previous slide leaves and the current slide enters.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2019). Add, change, or remove transitions between slides. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Add-change-or-remove-transitionsbetween-slides-3f8244bf-f893-4efd-a7eb-3a4845c9c971?CorrelationId=1ec47d54-d1804782-b6c2-2beaf6761df3&ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US&ocmsassetID=HA102809556
48. A
Hyperlinks. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. By linking the inn's website with the website of area attractions, the site visitor can immediately go to an attraction's website to obtain further information such as location, hours, services, etc. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing the Web (e.g., Yahoo!). Cookies are text files that are put on a website visitor's hard disk and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site in order to track Internet behavior. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format, so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Mineo, G. (2018, February 28). How to create a link to jump to a specific part of a page [quick tip]. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/jump-linksame-page
49. D
Virtual private network. Software refers to the programs that instruct computers to perform specific operations. Software that instructs the computer to transfer certain information to specific computer systems through a secure Internet exchange is a virtual private network (VPN). When channel members' computer systems are linked together by this type of software, the necessary information (e.g., purchase orders) can be transferred quickly from one channel member to another, which increases the efficiency of the entire distribution process. An Intranet software system allows information flow among a company's employees. An Internet service provider (ISP) is a company that provides access to the Internet, usually for a fee. A client network refers to a client, usually a business, which has its own Intranet.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Paul, I. (2017, July 6). How - and why - you should use a VPN any time you hop on the internet. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.techhive.com/article/3158192/howandwhyyou-should-use-a-vpn-any-time-you-hop-on-the-internet.html
50. D
Accurate interpretation. Businesses obtain a variety of information that must be analyzed to make it useful. While manipulating the data for information analysis, businesses should try to interpret them accurately to obtain information that will answer specific marketing questions. Many times, businesses can manipulate the data to obtain the answers they want. This practice will not help them solve problems or make good decisions if they interpret the data inaccurately. Exploratory research is a method of obtaining information. Secondary information is information that has already been collected for another purpose. Businesses develop a research program before interpreting data.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Spacey, J. (2018, August 25). 10 types of information analysis. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://simplicable.com/new/information-analysis.
51. B
The records may become inaccessible. Digital records can become inaccessible if they are stored on old storage devices that become obsolete or decay. Digital recordkeeping takes less time to maintain than paper systems. Digital records can easily be stored in multiple locations. Security is a concern for digital records just as paper ones, but security can easily be achieved by using passwords or encryption when storing the files.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
52. A
She has already exhausted her secondary research options. Primary research is that which a person or company generates on their own for their exact needs and purposes. Primary research is generally done when the needed information does not exist yet. Therefore, the airline executive should first do an exhaustive search of secondary sources before deciding to conduct primary research. Even if no one on the executive's team has the information she needs, the executive still might not need to conduct primary research because she might be able to use secondary research. If the airline has little money for research, the executive might be better off focusing on secondary research because it is cheaper than primary research.
SOURCE: NF:282
SOURCE: Destination BC. (2015). Research guide for tourism operators. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.destinationbc.ca/content/uploads/2018/07/TBE-Guide-Research-GuideFor-Tourism-Operators-Mar-2015.pdf
53. D
Industry market trends. Online databases are sources of scholarly research such as journal and news articles related to a particular topic—in this case, hospitality and tourism. In an online database, you might find information such as industry market trends. Customer reviews for a specific hotel, competitors' sales data, and a restaurant's customer demographics might be found online but would not necessarily be found in an online database.
SOURCE: NF:286
SOURCE: EBSCO Industries, Inc. (2019). Hospitality & tourism index. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.ebsco.com/products/research-databases/hospitality-tourism-index
54. C
Objective. Statistics are objective, which means that they are factual and not influenced by bias, prejudice, or outside opinion. When using statistics, decision-making is less likely to be biased by individual employees. While statistics can be affordable, accurate, and persuasive, those are not related to employees' biases.
SOURCE: NF:236
SOURCE: Williams, J.T. (2019, February 12). The importance of statistics in management decision making. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importancestatistics-management-decision-making-4589.html
55. D
What time she needs to staff more employees. Descriptive statistics such as mean (average) can be interpreted to aid in business decision-making. In this instance, the mean number of customers can help the manager interpret when she needs to staff more employees. For example, if the mean is highest between 6-9 a.m., she can decide to have two extra employees come in during that 3-hour window. The mean number of customers would not necessarily help the manager interpret which products are the most profitable, which employees are the most successful, or how customer satisfaction relates to time.
SOURCE: NF:237
SOURCE: Salleh, S. (2018, April 5). The importance of statistics in management decision making. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/importance-statisticsmanagement-decision-making-25518.html
56. B
Creating a storyboard. Creating a storyboard helps you plan the text and illustrations for a presentation and also plan the work that will need to be done to create the presentation. Developing a schedule can help with the planning of the work but does not help plan the actual content. Creating the needed slides and planning the slide transitions can only be done after a plan for the content is developed.
SOURCE: NF:290
SOURCE: Lehman, C., & DuFrene, D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 307-313]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
57. C
Increased emphasis on training. The hospitality and tourism industry has recognized that competing on the basis of price is not the answer for profitability. Instead, management has shifted its focus to ways that employees can provide exemplary service, thus setting a business apart from its competitors. To accomplish this, they have increased their focus on employee training. Attention to the other alternatives should help businesses gain a competitive advantage; however, they do not relate to exceeding customer expectations.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Kelley, C. (2019). Service excellence from the inside out. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from https://cayugahospitality.com/chuck-kelley/service-excellence-from-the-inside-out/
58. A
Hotels can customize guest room preferences. A customer database allows hotels to gather guest information and preferences so they can personalize the guests' experiences. For example, if a customer purchases several soft drinks from room service, the hotel can store that information in a database and then prepare the room by stocking the mini fridge with the same soft drink upon the customer's return. While restaurants can use social media to receive feedback, they are not necessarily using a database to improve customer satisfaction when they do so. A variety of services can be integrated into one system, but this does not necessarily depend on a database; rather, it is due to hotel and restaurant management system software. Finally, while technology such as washable chips allows management to determine inventory remotely, this is also not an example of how databases help improve customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: NF:060
SOURCE: McIndoe, C. (2013, May 13). Six technology trends revolutionizing the hospitality industry. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from http://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4060662.html
59. D
To-do lists. To-do lists help you track all of the tasks you need to accomplish. They also help you take note of work that has been completed. Social media, presentation software, and posters are not necessarily project-planning tools.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
60. B
Determine the project’s purpose and scope. The first step in the project-planning process is to determine the project’s purpose and scope. These two components are the foundation for the entire project. Determining project costs, identifying needed resources, and identifying project deliverables are all steps that come later in the project-planning process.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
61. D
Internal audit. An audit is an evaluation of an organization, process, or project. The project manager and team members can determine its successes, strengths, problems, and weaknesses by evaluating all aspects of the project upon completion. The evaluation helps the project team develop a “lessons learned” document that can be used by teams that execute similar projects for the organization in the future. A comprehensive audit will evaluate many different activities associated with the project, including resource utilization, team productivity and performance, efficiency of processes, and stakeholders' satisfaction, which is done by comparing the objectives with the actual results.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Row, J.R. (2019). Performing an internal audit of your project's deliverables. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://www.brighthubpm.com/monitoring-projects/70376-the-projectdeliverables-of-an-internal-audit/
62. D
Review the invoice. One way to evaluate supplier performance after the purchased goods or services have been delivered is to review the invoice. By reviewing the invoice, a purchasing specialist can determine whether the supplier charged the agreed upon price. A purchasing specialist should contact the supplier's references, visit the supplier's plant, and/or check the supplier's credentials before doing business with that supplier.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
63. A
Blinds for a nonstandard-size window. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. Window blinds may need to be custom made or special ordered for windows that are an unusual size. Standard replacement parts for popular items on the market are usually carried in stock and do not require special ordering.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Delanghe, J. (2012, September 17). Top tips for managing custom orders. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.etsy.com/seller-handbook/article/top-tips-for-managing-customorders/22821490639
64. B
Trash bags, sanitizer, and light bulbs. All types of businesses keep maintenance supplies on hand to ensure that the business is clean and that it runs smoothly. Trash bags, sanitizer, light bulbs, batteries, cleaning items, paper towels, and mops are maintenance items that businesses keep on hand. Pens may be classified as maintenance or office supplies. Computers, conveyer belts, and office furniture are capital goods or equipment that businesses use to operate smoothly. Sportswear items (e.g., shorts, Tshirts) are most likely resale inventory.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Magloff, L. (n.d.). Types of inventory for an organization. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-inventory-organization-14109.html
65. B
False—businesses also use quality-control measures to evaluate products, processes, and other business functions. Quality control is ensuring the degree of excellence of a good, service, process, or activity. Efficiency levels are one measure that evaluates a variety of business processes and activities, including employee efficiency levels. If employees are not performing as efficiently as they could, there could be a problem with equipment, a process, or a procedure. Governments, industries, and management develop product-quality standards.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
66. B
Purchasing habits. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information of a sales transaction. The information includes the buyer, the seller, items purchased, quantities, prices, delivery date, credit, discount terms, etc. Because invoices record detailed information about sales transactions, businesses can review their invoices to analyze their customers' buying habits. By reviewing invoices, a business can determine the best-selling products and the products that are not moving, which helps the business make decisions about its product mix. Invoices do not reveal information about customers' personal attitudes, annual incomes, or buying motives.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 128-129]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
67. A
Supply chain. A supply chain is a network between a company and its suppliers to produce and distribute a specific product or service. The hotel chain purchases towels, bedding, toiletries, and furniture so that it can deliver the best possible guest experience. Manufacturing flow, logistics chain, and vendor agreement are not terms used in business to describe this type of relationship.
SOURCE: OP:443
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019). Supply chain. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supplychain.asp
68. A
Require that employees follow good password practices. Good password practices, such as changing your password frequently and using a password that is at least 12 letters long, can help companies protect customer data from hackers. Companies do not need to prohibit workers from accessing customer information; however, it might be wise to limit access to those who need it for their everyday work. Asking customers to sign a waiver in case their information is stolen would be inappropriate and would likely drive customers away. Refusing to accept credit or debit cards might help prevent hackers from targeting the company, but it may be financially unrealistic to be a cash-only business.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2019). Cybersecure my business: Protect. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://staysafeonline.org/cybersecure-business/protect/
69. D
Place recycling bins throughout the venue. Many universities and businesses are using large, green recycling bins to encourage event goers to participate in recycling efforts. It's not feasible to require attendees to turn in solid waste following an event. Some attendees would, but others would resist being told what to do. Hiring a waste management company is a good technique to use; however, it's more costly than providing recycling bins. Purchasing paper products that don't need to be recycled defeats the whole purpose of encouraging recycling efforts.
SOURCE: OP:134
SOURCE: Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. (2011). Recycling and waste reduction at your special event. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from https://dnr.wi.gov/files/PDF/pubs/wa/wa1537.pdf
70. D
Medical kit and cell phone. Medical kits should contain items needed to initiate emergency care (e.g., a splint). Depending on the location of the accident and the extent of the injury, a cell phone would be useful to call for additional help and transportation of the injured party. A toolbox, flashlight, map, and compass may be helpful but are not the primary items needed for the described situation. Most first-aid or medical kits include nonprescription pain relievers and allergy medication, but allergy medication isn't likely to be useful when treating a broken ankle.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Brouhard, R. (2019, August 30). Building and storing first aid kits: What should you keep in your first aid kit? Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.verywellhealth.com/first-aidkits-1298537
71. D
Limit shore tours to ones approved by the cruise line. Cruise lines conduct extensive research and planning to determine the best route and destination points. The companies are familiar with many of the local tour and transportation services at the ports of call, and not all of them meet the standards of service and ethical responsibility that the cruise line or traveler expects. Therefore, tourists should use tour companies that are approved or recommended by the cruise line. This recommendation also applies to any transportation service (e.g., bus or taxi). Valuables, such as jewelry, should be locked in a safe on the ship to reduce the chance of theft onboard the ship or while on shore. For safety measures, a tourist should travel in organized groups instead of alone while on shore.
SOURCE: OP:115
SOURCE: Royal Caribbean Cruises. (2019). Safety, security & health. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://www.rclcorporate.com/safety-security-health/
72. B
Performance. A performance goal is described by the level of performance reached or by a task completed. A learning goal has to do with mastering a new skill. This goal is not necessarily unrealistic or easy.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
73. D
Offering employees the ability to work from home. Employers can let employees work from home a few hours or days a week so that the employees can get things done in their personal life and work life. Cutting personal days and time off, maintaining constant contact with employees after hours, and creating rigid hours that employees must be in the office can have a negative impact on work-life balance.
SOURCE: PD:179
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2019). How to encourage work-life balance for employees. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/top-ways-to-encourageemployee-work-balance-1919353
74. B
Operations management. Operations management is a field in which employees focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling resources needed to produce goods/services. It includes activities such as scheduling, quality control, and procurement. Professional selling, marketing communications, and banking services do not involve as much focus on planning, organizing, and coordinating.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
75. A
Proofread the document for spelling errors. Professional-looking résumés are uncluttered, concise, and error-free. A business that receives a résumé with spelling and grammatical errors is likely to view the applicant as a person who is not concerned with detail and accuracy. Attention to detail and accuracy are usually qualities that businesses look for in job applicants. Therefore, before printing and submitting a résumé, the writer should carefully read the document to identify spelling and grammatical errors. It is also a good idea for the writer to have other people look at the résumé to ensure that s/he didn't overlook any errors. Experts recommend beginning your résumé with your name, contact information, and professional goal(s). There is some debate about whether to include a photograph of yourself in your résumé; however, most experts do not recommend including one. Using colorful text may be distracting to the reader.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Vaas, L. (2016). How to proofread your resume. Retrieved October 2, 2019, from https://www.theladders.com/career-advice/how-to-proofread-your-resume/
76. A
Lodging. Front office manager, executive housekeeper, and concierge are all considered lodging careers. These positions do not fall under the categories of restaurants and food/beverage services; travel and tourism; or recreation, amusements, and attractions.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: LAP-PD-022—Career Opportunities in Hospitality and Tourism
77. D
Vice president of finance. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who supervises particular employees. A hierarchical chain of command provides structure and organization for the business. Large companies often set up their chain of command by department. For example, all of the vice presidents of various departments (e.g., finance, operations, marketing, etc.) report directly to the CEO. A regional marketing manager generally reports to the vice president of marketing. The production coordinator reports to the production manager. The board of directors consists of individuals who are selected by the shareholders (owners) to manage the corporation. The CEO reports to the board of directors.
SOURCE: PD:252
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don't Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)
78. B
Brick and mortar travel agencies. Travel agents plan and book vacations for customers, handling everything from finding the best deals on hotels to arranging for transportation. User-friendly booking websites such as Expedia have made it easy for consumers to plan and book their own travel, reducing the need for brick and mortar travel agencies. The rise of Internet booking sites has not decreased the popularity of cheap and discount cruise vacations, all-inclusive travel packages, or rental car programs and services.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Peterson, L. (2019, March 19). Impact of technology on the travel agency business. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/impact-technology-travelagency-business-57750.html
79. C
Attractions; recreation. The hospitality industry provides services to people who are away from home. The recreation industry, which is a segment of the hospitality industry, provides services designed to provide rest, relaxation, and enjoyment. Zoos, museums, and amusement parks are attractions that are designed to provide visitors with enjoyment. Entertainment businesses, which are also a part of the recreation industry, include movie theaters, concerts, and plays. The lodging industry consists of businesses (e.g., hotels, motels, and resorts) that provide sleeping accommodations for travelers. Travel businesses (e.g., airlines and car rental companies) provide transportation. The tourism industry consists of businesses (e.g., tour operators, convention planners, and travel agencies) that promote travel for business and leisure. Events are special or planned occurrences and include occasions such as weddings, birthday parties, and fundraisers.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 7-12]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
80. D
A long drought damages the corn crops. Crop damage yields less corn, which decreases the supply available to meet demand. When demand is greater than supply, prices tend to increase. Because many types of products contain corn, their prices typically go up as well. If the corn supply is high and demand for it declines, the price of corn tends to decrease. Low or stable inflation would not cause the price of corn to increase. Reduced marketing activities are unlikely to drive up the price of corn.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
81. A
Positioning. Positioning is a strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. Product/Service management affects positioning; therefore, it plays an important role in a company's overall marketing success. Project management is the oversight of an entire project from start to finish. Licensing is a business structure that requires the authorization or permission from an owner to another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted (e.g., logo, name), or patented material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties. Idea screening involves reviewing ideas in order to make a decision as to what should be kept and what should be discarded.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
82. B
Brand extension. When a company uses an existing brand name for a new product line, it is known as a brand extension. Brand positioning is a brand strategy in which marketers create a certain image or impression of a brand as compared to those of competitors' brands. Brand licensing allows one company to use another's brand name, logo, or character for a fee. Co-branding takes place when companies join forces to increase recognition, customer loyalty, and sales for both brands.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
83. A
Through your brand. Your product's core values are the beliefs or qualities that the product—and your entire business—stand for and are built around. Your brand is the most effective and common way to communicate those core values to your different stakeholders, including customers, investors, vendors, and employees. You definitely should communicate your product's core values through your annual report, website, and advertising, but each of those elements is simply a fraction of your overall product and corporate brands. In fact, a brand is all of the combined impressions and experiences associated with your company and/or product.
SOURCE: PM:214
SOURCE: Bourn, J. (2018, April 12). How to identify and define your core brand values. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://jenniferbourn.com/brand-core-values/
84. A
Brand cue. Brand cues are simple reminders of the brand's identity and values. Brand cues are a great way to remind employees about brand values and the brand promise. Touchpoints are all the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand values. Logos are distinctive symbols, designs, or groups of letters. Distributor brands are owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brands, rather than the manufacturer.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
85. B
Transportation. In the hospitality and tourism industry, the core product is the primary service that is provided. In the case of cruise lines, the core product is transportation because that is what the cruise lines are selling. Cruise lines are offering the service of transporting passengers from one location to another. In conjunction with transportation, some cruise lines offer food service. Some cruise lines offer movies and music to entertain passengers, but entertainment is not the core product. Luggage handling is available to passengers who check their luggage. However, luggage handling is not the core product. Customers pay for transportation, not for food service, entertainment, or luggage handling.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 7-12]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
86. A
MNO Corporation owns a chain of upscale hotels and opens a chain of economy motels. A product line is a group of related product items. A product line extension occurs when the company adds a new product to the existing product line. A corporation that owns a chain of upscale hotels and then opens a chain of economy motels is extending its product line by providing similar products that have different features and benefits. An inn that remodels a swimming pool and adds a sauna is making improvements to the property rather than extending the product line. Implementing wireless technology is an example of an amenity rather than a product line extension. Hiring additional staff is a human resource function.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Lodging Magazine. (2018, September 20). Choice launches a brand extension of Clarion: Clarion Pointe. Retrieved October 10, 2019, from https://lodgingmagazine.com/choicehotels-launches-midscale-brand-extension-clarion-clarion-pointe/
87. B
Competitive. Promotions that convince customers to buy are especially important for competitive products. Marketers need to persuade customers to buy their product over all the similar ones on the market. Persuasive promotions are not as important for new, old, or noncompetitive products.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. A
Hospitality and tourism businesses must market tangible as well as intangible products. The hospitality and tourism industry primarily offers services to its customers, rather than tangible products. This means that businesses in hospitality and tourism need to appeal to customers' emotions even more than in other industries. Customers are just as influenced by promotions in the hospitality and tourism industry as in other industries. It is not necessarily true that promotional efforts in hospitality and tourism are usually too expensive to validate. Hospitality and tourism businesses often invest in promotional efforts for their brands.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Hussung, T. (2016, January 15). The importance of marketing in the hospitality industry. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://online.csp.edu/blog/business/the-importance-ofmarketing-in-the-hospitality-industry
89. A
Improvement. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Quality assurance is the processes involved in checking processes or products to ensure that they are consistently meeting the business's quality standards. Deviation is the degree to which a process or product does not meet the business's quality standards.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. C
Accurate financial records. Many internal and external factors affect the business's level of risk—the possibility of financial loss. To remain viable in the marketplace, a business must take steps to minimize risk. One internal control that businesses use to minimize risk is to maintain accurate financial records. Businesses must comply with government regulations (e.g., pay taxes). If the business fails to comply with the regulations, it could be subject to penalties and fines that can be very costly to the business. By maintaining accurate financial records, businesses can minimize these types of risks. If the business orders too much inventory, it risks financial loss on the products that it cannot move. If the business implements lenient credit policies, it increases risks associated with delinquent and nonpaying customers. Substandard equipment may be prone to malfunctioning, and may be hazardous for employees, which increases the business's risk levels.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Internal Revenue Service. (2019, June 3). Why should I keep records? Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/why-should-ikeep-records
91. B
Selling is planned communication. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication. Selling is a planned and personalized communication, meaning that salespeople spend time becoming experts on their products as well as customer needs and wants. Successful selling often results in repeat customers. Selling can occur online and off.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
92. A
Efficient services. By offering efficient services, a hotel provides an environment that helps build a loyal clientele. Efficient services make an important contribution to the creation of goodwill and the cultivation of client loyalty. Convention guests usually appreciate the good service they receive from a hotel, which will encourage them to return and to become regular guests. Hotels usually do not offer free samples. The complimentary items provided in rooms are considered to be amenities rather than free samples. Hotels do not provide training to guests. Hotels use promotional materials as selling tools to attract guests.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: LAP-SE-828—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
93. D
What's in a product. Letting a customer know that a dessert contains pecans is an example of using information about what's in a product. Many customers are very interested in knowing what materials or ingredients a product contains. Informing a customer about pecans in a dessert does not tell her/him where the product comes from or how it should be used. Durability refers to how long a product will last.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: LAP-SE-131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
94. B
Discovering customer needs. The second phase of the selling process involves discovering customer needs and wants. When customers do not know precisely what they are looking for, a salesperson must be prepared to discover their needs. Assessing customer needs is important because it often reduces the amount of selling time required. Establishing relationships with customers is the first phase of the selling process and may include creating a good impression of the business. Prescribing possible solutions is the third phase of the selling process and takes place after salespeople have discovered customer needs.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
95. A
Location of the property. People travel for many reasons, including business and leisure. The purpose of the trip, as well as the site location, often influences the selection process. For example, a businessperson traveling to meet with a customer might select a property close to the customer's office. A leisure traveler might select a beachfront resort hotel over a nearby roadside motel because it might offer more amenities geared to vacationers. A trucker, on the other hand, might select the roadside motel because of its easy access to the highway. Positioning strategies are methods that members of the hospitality industry use to create a particular image or standing in the marketplace. Although hotels use positioning strategies to appeal to customers, customers do not generally consider the specific techniques that businesses use to position products. A traveler selects a lodging facility based on his/her personal preferences, not the seller's (hotel). Although some travelers might consider tax rates when selecting a lodging facility, it is usually not a primary factor in the selection process. In addition, lodging facilities in the same general area most likely have the same tax rates.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: HMG Hospitality. (2017, June 22). Understand how people choose hotels. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from https://hmghospitality.com/understand-four-reasons-people-choose-hotelsrevenue-will-skyrocket/
96. A
$586.24. To calculate the amount charged to the hotel guest's credit card, first multiply the number of nights stayed by the room rate (4 X $128 = $512). Then, multiply the dollar amount of the four-night stay by the sales tax rate ($512 X 114.5% = $586.24) or ($512 X 14.5% or .145 = $74.24; $512 + $74.24 = $586.24).
SOURCE: SE:329
SOURCE: Maloney, L. (2018, March 15). How to calculate hotel tax. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://traveltips.usatoday.com/calculate-hotel-tax-61990.html
97. B
$10.99. Restaurants often feature two-for-one dinner specials to attract customers. The offer is contingent on at least two people dining together. The offer is valid for three people but only one dinner will be free. Sometimes, the offer applies to larger groups of equal number such as a party of four or six in which case two or three of the dinners will be free. In this situation, a party of three is taking advantage of the two-for-one special, so the server should deduct the lowest priced dinner ($10.99) from the bill. Two-for-one dinner specials usually do not include beverages so the server would not deduct the price of a beverage from the bill. Also, desserts are often additional unless otherwise noted. Therefore, the server should deduct only the price of the dinner.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 375]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
98. B
Company culture. Management is affected by many factors, including company culture. Doug's company culture frowns upon managers interacting socially with other employees. Therefore, Doug's management style and his role as a manager are being affected by company culture. There is no indication that Doug is being affected by the organization's finances, competitors, or supplier relations.
SOURCE: SM:100
SOURCE: Sherman, F. (2019, March 08). What are internal & external environmental factors that affect business? Retrieved October 2, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/internal-externalenvironmental-factors-affect-business-69474.html
99. A
Determining objectives. The planning function of management involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. A primary aspect of the planning function is determining the organization's objectives or desired outcomes. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and often involves modifying or changing employee behavior to achieve desired results. One aspect of the control function of management is to measure actual performance against established standards. If performance exceeds the standards, the manager can identify gains. If performance falls below the standards, the manager may need to implement new procedures for improvement.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019, February 4). The basic steps in the management planning process. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/basic-steps-managementplanning-process-17646.html
100. C
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. Recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training are staffing activities. Leading is an activity that involves influencing and motivating others to take a certain course of action. Coordinating is an organizing activity that involves bringing resources together to accomplish a goal.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2019). Functions of management. Retrieved October 3, 2019, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/management_functions.htm
Test Sample 2014
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. D
Contracts. Business torts are wrongful actions against a business that cause it harm in some way. Disputes concerning contracts are often the basis for businesses suing individuals or other businesses. Many businesses have contractual arrangements with employees or vendors. If these contracts are broken, the business might be harmed and seek compensation through the legal system. Basic torts relating to businesses do not involve disputes concerning assaults, defamation, or emotional stress.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 82-86]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Enforce agency regulations. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. Government and independent agencies have the authority to enact and enforce regulations for various administrative functions, including aviation, taxation, and commerce. The legislative branch of government establishes congressional/parliamentary committees. The judicial branch of government interprets constitutional law and in some instances may overturn a lower court's judicial decision.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 88-90]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. A
Personnel-related. These standards involve hiring security personnel and/or training hotel staff members to report and deal with criminal activity. Physical-related and property-related security standards involve locking, lighting, and monitoring systems. Procedure-related standards involve monitoring criminal activity and establishing a system for making guests aware of dangerous areas around the hotel.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Chon, K., Sparrowe, R. (2000). Welcome to hospitality: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 99]. South-Western.
4. D
Direct. In direct distribution, the marketing functions are performed by the producers without the assistance of intermediaries. Indirect channels utilize intermediaries between producers and consumers to aid in the movement of products. Both of these types of channels are satisfactory and not unusual, but they are referred to as direct or indirect.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. C
Gray marketing. Gray market goods are foreign-made products that are imported into countries by suppliers that are not authorized by the manufacturers. The distribution of gray market goods bypasses the authorized distribution channels, which enables them to sell the goods at low prices. Businesses that buy gray market goods for resale often charge discounted prices. This practice has a negative effect on authorized dealers that purchased the same goods from the manufacturers and are not able to offer large discounts. Sale pricing is pricing items at low levels and promoting them for a limited period of time. Personal selling is the form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Volume buying involves buying in large quantities, which often results in receiving a discount.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (pp. 426-427). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
6. A
Take notes while reading. Employees often are expected to read a wide variety of materials to obtain information that they can use on the job or to help the company. Some of this material may be complex, technical, and difficult to understand. To extract relevant information effectively, it is often useful to take notes while reading. Jotting down key points or summarizing helps employees to focus on the information and remember it. It may not be possible to ask frequent questions when reading. Outlines are developed before writing begins. Skimming through chapter titles is not an effective way to extract information.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 310). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. D
Make comments such as “yes” or “I see” occasionally. When someone talks to you, nod and make short comments such as “yes” or “I see” occasionally. By doing so, you signal that you are listening to the speaker and hearing what s/he has to say. And, when you nod and make short comments, you show your support and encouragement for the speaker. It is very rude to interrupt the speaker to debate what s/he has said. It is not necessary to clap as the speaker makes each of her/his main points. Rather than not making any noise while the speaker is talking, you should limit yourself to short comments.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2013). Active listening: Hear what people are really saying. Retrieved March 23, 2012, from http://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/ActiveListening.htm
8. B
Practice active listening. This means asking questions and restating what the speaker has said in order to prevent any misunderstanding. A good listener concentrates on the message being delivered, rather than on what s/he is going to say next or on the speaker's posture. Also, by jotting down only key points, the listener can concentrate on what is being said.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 192-193, 238). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
9. B
Thank you for your interest in XWQ products. Please let me know if you have any additional questions. The purpose of an inquiry is to obtain information. Because businesses receive inquiries from customers, vendors, and business associates on a regular basis, employees must be prepared to respond in an accurate, prompt, and courteous manner. When closing an e-mail message, it is courteous to thank customers for asking about the business and its products. And, by encouraging the customer to ask additional questions, the employee is indicating his/her interest in the customer. There is not enough information in the example to determine if the customer placed an order, had a problem with an invoice, or requested product color information. The sentence, "Reply by e-mail with the color that you want," could be interpreted as rude and unprofessional.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 122-123]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
10. C
Information will be needed later. In many situations, the information provided during meetings or presentations will be needed later. Therefore, it is often important for participants to take notes so they will have access to the information in the future. For example, participants may need to write a summary of the meeting to give to supervisors. If the speaker is difficult to understand, participants should ask questions. The audience does not take notes to have something to do. Writing does not necessarily keep the mind focused.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 20]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
11. D
Appropriate way to cite his resources. To provide consistency throughout written documents, certain businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as Associated Press (AP) or Chicago Manual. Because each style manual varies and often follows different standards, a writer should check the appropriate style manual to ensure that s/he is formatting a resource citation correctly. A computersoftware manual, the computer-software "help" function, or a computer-software website provides information about setting up tables in documents. A dictionary or glossary provides formal definitions of words. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: California State University, Los Angeles. (2012, September 7). Style manuals and writing guides. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.calstatela.edu/library/styleman.htm
12. C
Heading. The heading includes the name of the business, its address, and the date. If the business uses letterhead, only the date must be added to each letter. The receiver's name, title (if any), and address make up the inside address. The salutation is the opening greeting of a business letter, and the body contains the subject matter of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 306]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. B
Face-to-face meeting. When a supervisor must address a sensitive, personal, or confidential issue (e.g., salary) with an employee, it is best to discuss the issue in a private, face-to-face meeting. Company newsletters, telephone conference calls, and staff memos are appropriate ways to communicate and share pertinent information with several people at one time.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Forbis, A. (n.d.). A few simple rules for dealing with difficult people at work. Retrieved September 5, 2013, from http://www.training.oa.mo.gov/solutionsarchive/Solutions4fall03.pdf
14. D
Apologize to the guests and reassign them. One way that employees develop positive relationships with customers is by creating goodwill. Admitting mistakes and solving the problem helps to create goodwill. Most customers understand that mistakes occur sometimes and usually are understanding if the employee apologizes and corrects the error. Blaming the system or the customers usually causes bad feelings and has a negative effect on customer relations.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Stutts, A.T., & Wortman, J.F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 70-72]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
15. C
Accurately determining each customer's needs. Customer complaints often occur when customers make improper buying decisions. Salespersons can help customers avoid dissatisfaction by accurately determining each customer's needs and suggesting appropriate products to meet those needs. The price of products does not determine their appropriateness. Asking customers personal questions or pressuring them are actions that salespersons should avoid.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [p. 152]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
16. D
Aligning business activities with customer needs. A customer-centric business focuses on customer needs and wants. To focus on the customers' needs and wants, the business must ensure that its business objectives and activities align with its customers' needs and wants. A customer-centric business must continuously improve its processes and products to accommodate its customers' changing needs and wants—the business cannot be satisfied with the status quo. A customer-centric business allows its employees to provide input and make decisions in relation to customer relationships. Touch points are all of the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand value. A customer-centric business is not likely to reduce the number of customer touch points.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
17. A
Laws. Distribution systems must comply with government regulations. Businesses are expected to become familiar with the laws in any state in which they produce and/or store products and to comply with those laws. Competition, level of service, and intermediaries affect a company's distribution decisions, but they are not responsible for regulation of distribution activities.
SOURCE: DS:001
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (pp. 72-73). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
18. D
Buying concert tickets. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. In Angela's situation, her scarce resource was money. Because she decided to purchase a handbag, she didn't have enough money to buy concert tickets. Hanging out with friends, reading a book, and working out at the gym are activities that involve time rather than money.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
19. A
Consumers can buy quality products at competitive prices. Businesses that are socially responsible focus on ways to improve their operations so that they can meet the needs of consumers while minimizing their own costs. This also maximizes the company's profits so that raising prices may not be necessary. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute products readily available. An efficient business would produce more products with the equipment it has, rather than having to buy more.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
20. A
Marketing. Marketing is the process of creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Without marketing, businesses would have no way to sell their products, and consumers would have no way to obtain needed products. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Strategic management is the process of planning, controlling, and organizing an organization or department. Financial analysis is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
21. A
It can create better customer experiences. Because of its specific focus, the divisional organizational structure can create better experiences for customers. For instance, a customer question or complaint made in a certain territory can go directly to that territory's manager instead of national headquarters. The company can then respond to the customer in a quicker and more personalized manner. The structure's unpredictability and encouragement of competition (between divisions) are disadvantages rather than advantages. The matrix organizational structure balances conflicting organizational objectives, not the divisional structure.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
22. B
Market economy. A market (free enterprise) economy is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than the government, own or control the means of production. A characteristic of a market economy is that individuals and businesses can use their skills and other resources to compete with other individuals and businesses for scarce consumer dollars. A communist command economy is a command economic system in which the government controls the economic system and does not allow private ownership of resources and production. Imperialism occurs when one territory or country takes control, often by force, of the political and economic system of another territory or country. An independent society is a group of people who may or may not be involved in business activities.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (Private Enterprise)
23. B
Simplifying existing products. Researchers can speed up production by simplifying existing products, developing new products, and determining better processes. Management should provide employees with adequate job training. Overall, national productivity can limit inflation. Communication between management and labor involves reviewing company goals with employees.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
24. C
Greater pressure to expand. Companies that open during a recession generally do not feel pressured to grow quickly because the economy itself is not growing at that time. Companies will have lower costs because they do not feel the pressure to expand quickly. There will be lower levels of competition as firms that were unfit to compete are forced to leave the market. Employees will be less inclined to leave the company during a recession because there will likely be fewer firms hiring in their field.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Wadhwa, V. (2008, November 10). Startups: The upside of a downturn. Business Week Online. Retrieved September 5, 2013, from http://www.businessweek.com/smallbiz/content/nov2008/sb2008117_695019.htm
25. D
An unfavorable balance of trade. The difference between a country's imports and its exports is known as the balance of trade. An unfavorable balance of trade occurs when a nation's imports are greater than its exports. This trade deficit decreases the gross domestic product and can lead to a lower standard of living. An increase in exports has a positive effect on the gross domestic product, as does a limitation on imports. A strong U.S. dollar increases imports and discourages exports, which is harmful to domestic businesses.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
26. D
The cheater hasn't learned the material. Cheating is unfair to the cheater because s/he hasn't really learned the material. S/He may have temporarily escaped the consequences of not studying, but s/he has compromised his/her education in the process. The other choices are all true results of cheating, but none is unfair to the cheater her/himself.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
27. D
Making mistakes. Self-control can help you to avoid making mistakes. It is generally necessary to remain calm when provoked, build a reputation, and interact with others to experience professional success.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
28. A
Embarrassing. Mistakes are common, everyday occurrences, and everyone makes them. Even so, we are all embarrassed by them. That makes it hard to admit your mistakes, but learning to do so is very important to personal growth. While we can predict that mistakes will occur, we cannot predict what mistakes will happen.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. B
Speaking tactfully. A person who considers his/her words carefully before saying them is speaking tactfully. Accepting your own emotions is an important step in developing empathy, but it is not the same as speaking tactfully. Considering your words carefully before saying them is not related to making assumptions or being creative.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
30. D
The demographic makeup of today's workforce. The demographic makeup of today's workforce proves that diversity cannot be avoided. More women and minorities are in the workforce now, and the average worker is older as well. Stereotypes and prejudices are a main cause of cultural insensitivity. Language barriers and the value placed on individualism are common cultural issues.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
31. B
Role playing. Preparation and research are important aspects of successful negotiations. Role play is an activity in which you assume the role of another person. It can help you plan your responses by visualizing a variety of negotiating situations. Reasoning is analyzing a situation or idea, which is an aspect of role-play activities. Mode reflecting is a fictitious term. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
32. C
Avoidance. The ways that people react to conflict are called conflict response modes. One of these modes is avoidance, which is the effort to avoid conflict. This type of behavior might include ignoring the situation or pretending that it doesn't exist. Avoidance behavior will not resolve conflict. Frustration is a negative effect of conflict rather than a response mode. Meditation is deep reflection and might be used before reacting to conflict. Exclusion is feeling left out or excluded from an activity.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
33. B
Listening to what others have to say. Being a contributing team member does not mean you should talk all the time. Instead, you should listen to what others have to say even when you disagree with them. Take time to think before you answer, rather than responding quickly. Interrupting others and trying to dominate the group by constantly talking are negative behaviors inappropriate to teamwork.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean On Me (Teamwork)
34. B
The second method of decision making. For a group trying to reach a consensus, the “Plan B” is the second method of decision making. The list of alternatives, the ground rules, and the agenda items have nothing to do with “Plan B.” “Plan B” is a completely different method of making the decision—in the event that reaching a consensus is impossible.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus)
35. C
Compound interest. Accounts that earn interest on the lump sums deposited ($100 per year in this example) as well as the interest earned in prior years are called compound interest accounts. Simple interest is calculated on lump sums only. Present value is the current value of one or more future cash payments, discounted at some appropriate interest rate. Inflation is a rise in the general level of prices of goods and services in an economy over a period of time. While inflation has caused the price of college to increase, it is not calculated into how Sophia's account earns interest.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Basic-mathematics.com. (2008). Simple vs. compound interest. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.basic-mathematics.com/simple-vs-compound-interest.html
36. D
Like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month. When you pay the balance on a credit card each month, you are getting what amounts to a free loan. A credit card is not a good way to pay for impulsive purchases—impulsive purchases are usually a bad idea no matter how you pay for them. Credit cards are not an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period. Nowadays, easy access to credit cards is a growing problem.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. D
To balance an account. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. This procedure is also known as balancing an account. The purpose is to determine the actual amount of money that is in the account. To do this, it may be necessary to add in deposits that have not been posted or subtract checks that have not cleared. If the checking account pays interest, that amount will be listed on the bank statement. It is not necessary to read and reconcile bank statements to withdraw excess money or to make a deposit.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 147). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. C
Shredding old bank statements. One way that thieves obtain others' personal information (e.g., bankaccount numbers, credit-card numbers) is by going through trash cans and dumpsters. Using a paper shredder to destroy old bank and credit-card statements makes it more difficult for thieves to obtain personal financial information. Disabling computer virus software and storing passwords on web browsers lower the computer user's security, which increases the risks associated with computer hacking. Photocopying credit-card receipts is not an action that reduces the risk of identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Ward, S. (n.d.). 10 ways to prevent identity theft. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://sbinfocanada.about.com/od/insurancelegalissues/a/identitytheft.htm 17
39. A
Stocks. Stocks, mutual funds, real estate, and collectibles are moderate- and high-risk ownership investments that provide opportunities for return by letting you own something of significance. A stock is a piece of paper—whether real or virtual—that says you own part of a corporation. As an owner (or shareholder), you have the rights and responsibilities of ownership. You may be able to sell your stocks for a profit, making a sizeable sum of money. But, being an owner means you risk losing money, too, if the corporation suffers financially or goes out of business. Bonds, savings accounts, and certificates of deposit are lending investments. With a lending investment, you allow someone to borrow your money for a period of time—for a price. The extra money you receive provides the motivation for lending. Investors who can't handle much risk put their money into lending investments. Since Logan is willing to accept a moderate or high risk in exchange for the potential of a moderate or high return, he should invest in stocks.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business? (Types of Investments)
40. A
Risk. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Businesses buy insurance to manage risk which is the possibility of loss or failure. Insurance protects the business from many types of risk such as property damage. For example, if a business facility is vandalized, insurance will pay for the repairs. Coverage is the amount an insurance company will pay for a loss. Injury and damage are types of risk for which businesses can buy insurance.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 411). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. D
Process payroll. Accounting software programs allow businesses to efficiently track various financial data and generate financial reports. Businesses use accounting software to track budgets, income, expenses, and bank transactions. Many comprehensive accounting software programs have applications to process payroll and taxes, forecast sales, and manage inventory. Businesses use project-management software to plan and execute projects. Businesses do not use accounting software to establish insurance policies or to organize media transcripts.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Brooks, C. (2012, May 16). The best accounting software. Retrieved May 6, 2013, from http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/2530-accounting-software.html
42. D
Revenue. The revenue category of the income statement includes the total amount of money earned by a business. It includes interest earned from bank accounts, returns on investments, sale of assets, and sales of the business's goods and services. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Net income is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Gross sales are the total value of goods or services sold in a period of time.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
43. A
Employee handbook. An employee handbook provides new employees with printed information about the business that the employee can read and refer to when s/he has questions about the business. Employee handbooks usually include basic information such as company history, hours of operation, benefits, and company policies. Providing employees with handbooks reduces the amount of time that must be spent in orientation sessions. An exit interview is a discussion with an employee who is leaving the company. A performance appraisal is an evaluation of the employee's job performance. A job applicant provides a prospective employer with a copy of his/her résumé, which outlines his/her work experience and educational background.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Dessler, G., & Varkkey, B. (2009). Human resource management (11th ed.) [p. 298]. New Delhi, India: Dorling Kindersley.
44. D
To determine where to locate a new restaurant based on population growth. The U.S. Census data provide information on designated geographic areas that indicate demographic data, social data, and economic data, and allow comparisons across years. The restaurant could use the data to determine whether a geographic area is growing. The type of restaurant to open is already pre-determined by the types of restaurants in the chain. Although the Census data provide social characteristics about a particular area, the Census data do not provide information about the target market's level of desire for a new restaurant. Because zoning laws vary and change, the restaurant headquarters needs to verify zoning requirements with the appropriate agency or government office.
SOURCE: IM:423
SOURCE: U.S. Census Bureau. (n.d.). American fact finder. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml
45. C
Computer-assisted interviewing (CAI). CAI software is often used by telephone interviewers such as Rochelle. CAI software enables a computer to display a question exactly as it should be asked. Then, the computer records the answer electronically. Finally, depending on the respondent's answer to the current question, the computer selects the appropriate question to ask next. CAI saves time and confusion. Random-digit dialing (RDD) is a technique used by telephone interviewers to randomly generate telephone numbers to call. A decision support system (DSS) consists of data, tools, and processes used to store data, produce standardized reports, interpret data for managers, and create customized reports when necessary. Interviewing user interface (IUI) software is fictitious.
SOURCE: IM:328
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 209]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. A
Sales records. By analyzing the hotel's sales records, a hotel can identify trends in their business guests' buying behavior. For example, they might determine types of rooms requested and services used while at the hotel. Focus groups, test markets, and vouchers do not capture actual buying behavior that can be examined over a period of time.
SOURCE: IM:349
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 245). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
47. C
3. Range is the distance between the highest value and the lowest value. In this example, five is the highest value because it represents the most times during the month that customers visited the business. The lowest number of times customers visited the business was two times a month. To calculate the range, subtract the lowest value from the highest value (5 - 2 = 3).
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 445-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. B
Relevant and timely. When making an oral presentation, the speaker should present research findings that are relevant, accurate, objective (unbiased), and timely (current). The speaker should present the information in a clear, concise way. Although it helps to grab and maintain the attention of the audience by presenting the research findings in a creative or interesting way, it is more important that the information be relevant, accurate, objective, and timely. The speaker should not present superficial or insignificant information.
SOURCE: IM:391
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 179, 189-190]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
49. D
Pricing. Marketing functions are interrelated activities that work together to get goods and services from producers to consumers. Pricing is the marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. If customers believe that the product's value is worth the price, then the product is likely to sell well. If the product sells well, then the business earns revenue and a profit. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Product/Service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Channel management is the marketing function that involves the processes by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. A
Service. Walt Disney theme parks provide a product that is intangible and involves performing acts that satisfy customers' needs or wants. The park provides fun, amusement, and entertainment, which are not concrete or physical in nature. Service marketing has a high degree of perishability since it cannot be stored or warehoused for future use. The person is not promoting or marketing a cause, a lifestyle, or an intermediary.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 32-33]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
51. C
Reach the correct market segment. Target marketing is the identification and selection of markets for a business or for a product. In the travel and tourism industry, target marketing is important in order to identify and reach the correct market segment, which is the group of customers most likely to be attracted to a particular tour, cruise, bus charter, etc. Target marketing in the travel and tourism industry is not intended to analyze the strengths of the industry, develop partnerships with suppliers, or create interesting travel themes.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [pp. 506-507]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
52. C
Flash drive. A flash drive is a small device that plugs into a computer's USB port and allows users to transfer, store, and retrieve information from the computer's hard drive onto the device. The user can plug the information into other computers to retrieve the information when needed. Camera film, audio tape, and computer batteries are not devices that allow businesspeople to store and retrieve electronic documents from a computer.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Stevens, W. (n.d.). Computer backup made easy. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://free-backup.info/computer-backup-made-easy.html
53. C
Saves time and money. For a business to run efficiently, information must be organized so it can be found quickly whenever it is needed. When information is found quickly, employees are not only saving time, but the employees are saving money (payroll expenses) because they can move onto their next tasks more efficiently. Information overload occurs when information comes too fast to process at one time. Effectively managing information helps reduce information overload. Effective information management practices can help the company's employees to better serve the company's customers, which may increase customer satisfaction levels; however, effective information management cannot always eliminate customer dissatisfaction. Compliance with the law is necessary, regardless of how well the company manages its business information.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
54. B
Software. Software instructs computers to perform specific operations. The various types of software are important components of computer systems because they allow computers to do the work that businesses want them to do. For example, spreadsheet software programs enable computers to analyze financial data, calculate budget information, and create charts and graphs of numeric data. The Internet, websites, and e-commerce are not components of computer systems.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 254). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. A
A document can be changed while the user is viewing it on a monitor. In word-processing applications, users can change any part of the document, at any time, while viewing the computer monitor. Users can change font size or style, margins, and other formatting elements. The program does not automatically check documents for spelling unless a proofread option has been activated on an individual computer to do so. Documents can be reformatted once they have been saved. Although word processors produce professional-looking documents much faster than typewriters, it does not necessarily reduce the time the user needs to research a project.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 213). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Download time. The file size of a graphic affects the amount of time that it takes to appear on the computer screen. The larger the graphic, the more time it takes to download or appear on the computer screen. If graphics are too large, computer users might exit the website because it takes too long for the graphics to appear on the web page. The font size and descriptive links relate to text elements rather than graphics. Log files are files that provide information about the activities of website visitors.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Halvorson, S. (2013, February 21). How to speed up your website load times. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2013/02/how-to-speed-up-yourwebsite-load-times/
57. C
Virtual private network. Software refers to the programs that instruct computers to perform specific operations. Software that instructs the computer to transfer certain information to specific computer systems through a secure Internet exchange is a virtual private network (VPN). When channel members' computer systems are linked together by this type of software, the necessary information (e.g., purchase orders) can be transferred quickly from one channel member to another, which increases the efficiency of the entire distribution process. An Intranet software system allows information flow among a company's employees. An Internet service provider (ISP) is a company that provides access to the Internet, usually for a fee. A client network refers to a client, usually a business, which has its own Intranet.
SOURCE: NF:106
SOURCE: Gaspar, J.E., Bierman, L., Kolari, J.W., Hise, R.T., Smith, L.M., and Arrelola-Risa, A. (2006). Introduction to business (pp. 617-618). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
58. C
Regulations. When a law affects the records a business keeps, a regulatory factor is influencing the selection of records. Business size may also affect the selection of records, but it is not represented in this example. Leaders and the industry in which the business is involved may or may not affect the selection of records. Leaders and the industry can influence the laws that are introduced, however.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
59. D
Demographic. Demographic trends refer to the physical and social characteristics of a population. Where people live and their ethnic backgrounds are demographic characteristics. For example, there is a growing trend towards urbanization, which means that more and more people are living in cities rather than in rural areas. Also, the population of many areas is becoming more multicultural, or made up of many different ethnic groups. Businesses consider demographic trends because they realize that changes in the population have an effect on how they market their goods and services to customers. Although where customers live may affect the environment, it's not an environmental trend. Likewise, where customers live can affect their access to technology; however, it is not a technical trend. Cultural trends would involve long-term changes to people's values and beliefs. They do not relate to the ages of people.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 282). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
60. A
Report workplace accidents. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety regulations that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. These regulations usually require businesses to report workplace accidents to the appropriate agency. The purpose of this requirement is to identify and correct unsafe working conditions, and to compensate workers who have been injured on the job. Health and safety regulations usually do not require businesses to inspect office facilities, hold regular safety meetings, or purchase fireproof supplies. However, safety-conscious businesses usually inspect their facilities to identify potential safety hazards. Also, businesses often hold regular safety meetings to keep employees informed.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
61. B
Follow safety instructions. Employees can help prevent accidents in the workplace by following the business's safety instructions and procedures. Employees who follow safety instructions are less likely to make errors that result in accidents. Planning job training programs and developing operating guidelines are the responsibility of managment. Completing paperwork will not help prevent accidents.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co. 22
62. A
Sponsors. You do not need sponsors to complete your project. Sponsors are not a necessary resource. You do need tools, money, and permission (if required).
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
63. D
Evaluate the project's successes and obstacles. During the closing phase of a project, the project manager often meets with team members to evaluate the project's successes and obstacles, problems, and ways to improve. The feedback is then summarized in a “lessons learned” document that can be used by teams that execute similar projects for the organization in the future. Establishing goals, delegating tasks, and determining priorities and processes are activities that are performed before the project begins.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 335-336]. New York: Penguin Group.
64. C
Average product usage amount per month. Businesses need office supplies to operate efficiently. The types and quantities of supplies vary by business. To determine the optimal level of inventory to keep on hand, Claire needs to first determine the average amount of the product used for a certain time period, such as a month. For example, if the business goes through two cases of copy paper in June and three cases in July and four cases in August, the average or optimal amount to keep on hand is three cases of copy paper. By determining an average usage amount of routine supplies, the business does not tie up funds by purchasing too many items or risk running out of the items. Employees' preferences, the budgeting method, and the vendors' daily sales promotions are not primary considerations when determining the optimal level of supplies that the business should keep on hand.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Eastridge, H. (n.d.). How to maintain office supplies. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5108622_maintain-office-supplies.html
65. D
Human resources. Human resources, the people who work to produce goods and services, is one of the most important components of the production process. People are needed to run the businesses, operate the equipment, and deal with customers. Even in predominately automated facilities, people need to oversee the operation and perform the tasks that cannot be done by machines. Goods and services are created by the production process. People are needed to develop new technology. Production converts inputs (raw materials) into outputs (goods and services).
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (The Nature of Production)
66. C
An advertising manager corrects a copywriter's ad copy. An important aspect of quality control is reviewing the finished product to determine if it meets the business's quality standards. Quality is measured throughout all business functions. For example, an advertising manager may be responsible for proofreading and editing a copywriter's work to ensure that the information is accurate and reflects the ad's objective. This process ensures that the ad's quality aligns with the company's overall objectives. The remaining options are routine activities in which the quality of the work is not being evaluated.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Madison, N., Foster, N., & Joseph, A. (2013, June 8). What is quality control? Retrieved February 17, 2011, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-quality-control.htm
67. B
The vendor will pay shipping charges to the national park's gift shop. F.O.B. stands for free (or freight) on board. If terms are F.O.B. shipping point, the buyer pays shipping charges from the point where they are first picked up by the shipping company. If the terms are F.O.B. destination, the vendor is responsible for paying the shipping charges until the goods reach their final destination. In this case, that is the national park's gift shop. Although the park is a government agency, it is still responsible for paying shipping charges. Shipping charges are paid by the vendor or the buyer—not by the shipping company.
SOURCE: OP:184
SOURCE: Brechner, R. (2009). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers: Annotated instructor's edition (5th ed.) [p. 205]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. D
Safeguarding customers and employees. Lives are always more important than money. The well-being of the customers and employees comes first. Employees should be instructed to do what the robber asks— give the robber cash if s/he asks for cash. They should avoid looking the robber directly in the eyes as this may be threatening to a robber. However, employees should pay attention to details such as voice, the weapon, or the robber's appearance. Employees should listen carefully so that they do not have to ask the robber to repeat what s/he said as robbers are usually on edge and may react violently to a simple request.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 150). Washington: Author.
69. B
The amount of sleep people need varies from person to person. It was once thought that everyone needed eight hours of sleep every night. Studies now indicate that is not true. While the amount of sleep you get will affect your health, you have to determine what amount is right for you. Going to bed early may give you an adequate amount of rest, but it does not guarantee the amount of sleep you will get.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. D
Concept mapping. Concept mapping is a method of clarifying and organizing ideas by using a graphic format to show relationships. This technique involves drawing a map of your ideas so that you can see how one idea relates to another. Concept mapping can be used for developing ideas for many purposes, but it is especially useful for project planning. After you get your ideas down on paper, color-coding your notes can help you see how your thoughts fit together. Redefining involves looking at a problem from a different angle if no solution seems apparent. Ambiguities are words or phrases with either a double meaning or a doubtful meaning.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Jensen, C. (2012, November 2). Concept mapping as a creative tool. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.christopherxjjensen.com/2012/11/02/concept-mapping-as-acreative-tool/
71. D
Building in planning time. Time management won't happen by itself. You must allocate time in your schedule for planning. Refusing to delegate could be a time waster if others have the ability to finish a task in a timely manner. When you submit work with errors, you end up having to redo the work, when you could have been moving on to something else. Work accuracy depends on the type of work being performed.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
72. A
Future outlook. When researching employment opportunities in business, it is important to consider the future outlook for the type of career. Some careers in certain industries are growing and the future is good. However, careers in other industries are declining. Individuals should find out if there is growth potential or if a job will be phased out over the next few years. An example is an increase in service jobs but a decrease in manufacturing jobs. Vacation time and safety programs vary from business to business and are not major considerations when researching employment opportunities. The office environment is unique to each business. Individuals usually learn about the environment once they begin a job.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 61). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. C
The résumé contains misspelled words. Mistakes on job résumés often indicate to personnel directors that the applicants are careless and would continue that habit on the job. Applicants who provide errorfree résumés are viewed more favorably by personnel directors and often have a better chance of finding jobs. Résumés and cover letters are often sent via email, so cover letters often do not include applicant's handwritten signature. Often, businesses want professional references rather than personal references. In many situations, references are not required until the applicant passes the initial screening process. A college degree does not ensure that the applicant will not make mistakes on the job.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 122-124). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. A
Joining a professional organization. A professional organization is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests. By joining a professional organization, a businessperson has the opportunity to meet others who work in the same field or industry. When a businessperson talks or networks with other businesspeople about topics such as career-development activities or job leads, s/he is taking steps to advance his/her career. Participating in an online social network, developing a creative résumé and cover letter, and planning a meeting with a sales trainer do not necessarily provide a businessperson with work-related networking opportunities.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 876). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. B
Cruise director. Cruise directors perform a variety of tasks. Primary responsibilities involve coordinating entertainment activities and special events for the cruise's passengers. Coordinating these activities requires communicating with and managing staff. Because Melanie enjoys traveling, water sports (sailing), and planning social events, a cruise-director position aligns with her skills and interests. Working as a food and beverage manager usually requires specialized training in food preparation and service. Housekeeping managers perform management tasks associated with the cleaning and upkeep of rooms. Because Melanie likes to travel and plan special events, she would probably not want to work as a resort housekeeping manager. A safety officer needs to have special knowledge about the security and safety issues that pertain to cruise ships.
SOURCE: PD:272
SOURCE: Career Guidance. (2013). Cruise director career. Retrieved September 6, 2013. from http://www.careerguidance.com/cruise-director-career.html
76. B
A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available. A decrease in the number of guests occurs during economic slowdowns because people are reluctant to spend their discretionary income on travel. Consequently, there is an increase in the number of rooms available as more rooms become available for rent. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available does not follow the law of supply and demand, which suggests that as demand for rooms go up, supply typically goes down. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available would work the other way because as demand goes down, the supply of rooms available for rent typically goes up. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available typically occurs during good economic times when people are more willing to spend their discretionary income on travel.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
77. A
Negotiable. The hospitality industry experiences fluctuations in demand for hotel accommodations. Supply and demand fluctuations occur for many reasons. For example, seasonal factors affect how resorts price their rooms. They often charge higher prices during typical vacation times because more people are traveling and need sleeping accommodations. Room prices are also affected by the economy. When the economy is good, more people take vacations and more organizations hold off-site business meetings. This creates a higher demand, which lowers the availability of hotel rooms. When people are traveling less, there is a decrease in demand and an increase in room availability. When this occurs, guests can often negotiate lower prices for the guest rooms. The hotels are willing to negotiate so that rooms do not go unoccupied, which is a financial loss for the hotels. Hotel room prices are not consistent, classified, or imprecise as a result of changes in supply and demand.
SOURCE: PI:029
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 456-458, 663-666]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
78. D
Board game. If your Welcome Center specializes in selling community-based products that can be promoted throughout the year, you should buy the board game. The board game is a community-based product because it was developed by the local chamber of commerce. Also, it can be promoted throughout the year because it is not related to a specific holiday or time period. The other products are community-based, but they have time limitations, and customers would only want to purchase them during certain seasons of the year.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Cash, R. P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J. W., & Friedlander, J. S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 168-173). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
79. C
A fly-drive vacation package. The main product in the travel and tourism industry is the experience. This experience often includes contact with tangible objects such as airplanes, automobiles, cruise lines, etc. However, what the customer is buying is the actual experience of traveling and visiting destinations. In this example, the fly-drive vacation package is the product because it is what the customer will experience. A brochure explaining cruise options is a promotional piece. Checking on flight schedules and sending confirmation letters are services involved in selling the travel and tourism product.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Cook, R.A., Yale, L.J., & Marqua, J.J. (2010). Tourism: The business of travel (4th ed.) [pp. 80-81]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Educational.
80. B
Fabric samples. Vendors will often provide samples of products so that buyers can see, touch, and inspect the products firsthand. In the situation provided, the resort's purchasing manager wants to see the available colors and quality of the linen's fabric. The vendor may provide small samples or swatches of the fabric to help the resort's purchasing manager make a buying decision. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the buyer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Testimonials and warranties may facilitate the buying decision; however, these options do not allow buyers (purchasing managers) to inspect products firsthand. When a desired item is not available, a vendor may suggest a substitute item that is similar to the item originally requested. A buyer may want to inspect a substitute product before purchasing it; however, there is not enough information provided to indicate that the purchasing manager is requesting samples of a substitute product.
SOURCE: PM:239
SOURCE: Hayes, D.K., & Ninemeier, J.D. (2010). Purchasing: A guide for hospitality professionals (pp. 32, 311). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
81. B
Concessions. Concessions are items granted by one party to another in order to reach agreement. In a purchasing situation, the buyer might want to negotiate such concessions as delivery by a certain date, favorable shipping terms, or an extended payment period. Obtaining concessions is usually part of the negotiating process. Commitments are promises of various kinds. Commissions are sums earned by salespersons on their sales. Consequences are the results of actions.
SOURCE: PM:264
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 476-477]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
82. B
Sets the business apart from competitors. Many businesses are involved in community activities. The benefit to the business is that this involvement often sets it apart from competitors who may not be involved in community activities. The business usually receives positive publicity for its involvement which helps to create a good public image. Customers often are attracted to these companies because of the publicity and decide to do business with them rather than with their competitors. Businesses often compensate employees if they ask employees to spend time participating in community activities, such as fundraisers for charitable organizations. Being involved in community activities does not help a business to test new products, nor does it necessarily make it possible for customers to meet top management.
SOURCE: PR:315
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 360]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
83. A
Podcasts. Podcasts are digital audio and/or visual programs that can be automatically or manually downloaded from the Internet to customers' mp3 players or computers. Customers can then listen to and/or watch the podcasts at their leisure. Hospitality and tourism companies may use podcasts to educate or entertain potential guests while also advertising their organizations' services. Social media are typically networking websites that rely on users for content. Blogs are online journals containing entries written by a company, individual, or group of people. Ad serving involves advertising to an Internet user while his/her chosen web page is loading onto her/his browser.
SOURCE: PR:298
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 147-148]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
84. B
Viral marketing. Viral marketing is word-of-mouth information that is passed on to others. For example, a customer forwards a message to a friend who sends it to a family member who sends it to a coworker and so forth. It enables information to be spread quickly. A business that sends an email to customers and asks them to forward the email to their friends or associates is engaged in viral marketing. A business that asks customers to forward an email is not engaged in image building, direct advertising, or suggestion selling.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: Wilson, R.F. (2012, May 10). The six simple principles of viral marketing. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://webmarketingtoday.com/articles/viral-principles/
85. C
Auto-racing. Mobile marketing tactics involve messages sent via smartphone, computer tablet, or any other transportable electronic device. Mobile gaming applications tied to the marketer's sport entertain fans and app users as well as remind them of the organization. In the example, NASCAR (National Association of Stock Car Racing) is most likely to appeal to its fans by releasing auto-racing apps for electronic devices because it ties into the organization's purpose. Flag-football, tennis, and golf applications are not likely to appeal to the target market—auto-racing fans.
SOURCE: PR:276
SOURCE: Rayfield, D. (n.d.). Get your business moving: 9 types of mobile marketing. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://harpsocial.com/2010/03/get-your-business-moving-9-typesof-mobile-marketing/
86. D
Color reproduction processes define different visible areas. Each color space is a subset of the true range of visible colors. Software programs that use color mapping can find the relationships between the colors in the two color spaces and determine the best color rendition. CAD-CAM capabilities and colorwheel comparison are not required to obtain close approximations of true colors.
SOURCE: PR:274
SOURCE: Davies, K. (n.d.). Digital color model puts color in a new light. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.colorcube.com/articles/basics/basics.htm
87. A
Word-of-mouth (WOM) strategy. Word-of-mouth (WOM) strategies generate and spread genuine ideas, opinions, recommendations, and referrals between people. WOM strategies can be delivered online, offline, or a combination of the two. Other examples of WOM strategies are podcasts, social media comments, viral marketing, buzz marketing, etc. These comments are viewed as credible because they did not come from company representatives. Out-of-home advertising includes billboards, transit ads, street furniture, etc. Community involvement is publicity showing that a company is interested in supporting its community. A press release is a news story about a product, person, or business that is submitted to the press.
SOURCE: PR:319
SOURCE: Kulkarni, K. (2012, December 29). 8 types of word of mouth marketing. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.weblaa.com/community/8-types-word-mouth-marketing
88. D
Product placement. For the audience, the billboard is an example of product placement. Product placement is the inclusion or mention of a product in a movie or television show. InterContinental would have paid to have the billboard featured in the new movie. For the actors, the billboard is out-of-home advertising. Personal selling involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Special events are planned activities used to generate sales.
SOURCE: PR:323
SOURCE: Neer, K. (1998-2013). How product placement works. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/product-placement.htm/printable
89. B
Simple, common words. Effective advertising headlines usually use familiar, simple words that are easy to understand and read. Effective advertising headlines typically use just one typeface—multiple typefaces can be distracting. Since long sentences are more difficult to remember, most headlines are only about five to eight words in length. Most effective headlines contain the brand name being advertised.
SOURCE: PR:330
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 384-386]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
90. A
Introduce the call to action early in the material. When readers are skimming through direct-marketing materials, they often stop reading before getting to the end of the material. Therefore, writers shouldn't wait until the end of the material to mention the call to action. Naturally, it should be repeated and could be included in the P.S. of the material. Writers want to set their products off from those of the competitors so that readers clearly understand what makes their products the best buy. Writers want to make the call to action as simple as possible for readers rather than sending them to another location to obtain an order form. Incredible claims can damage the company's image. Claims need to be credible.
SOURCE: PR:294
SOURCE: Kaushik, S. (2004-2013). Tips to increase response rates through direct marketing copy. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://www.chillibreeze.com/articles_various/marketingcopy.asp
91. C
Television commercial showing a popular chain’s new clothing line. An advertising agency develops effective promotional messages by using strategies that appeal to the target market. To reach a target market of 18- to 24-year-old fashion-oriented females, the agency would likely use a visual medium, such as a television commercial, to show new clothing. A radio commercial for new energy drinks, a newspaper advertisement for an office-equipment sale, and a brochure about the health benefits of certain vitamins would not likely appeal to a target market consisting of 18- to 24-year-old fashionoriented females.
SOURCE: PR:332
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 277-278]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. B
All the corrections were made. Checking final proofs of the body copy against the original copy is important in order to make sure that any necessary corrections were made. Advertising copy usually is revised several times before being approved, and it is necessary to make sure that all the changes appear on the final proofs. Headlines, company logo, and photos are other elements of a print ad.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Bear, J.H. (n.d.). Proofs. Retrieved September 6, 2013, from http://desktoppub.about.com/cs/basic/g/proofs.htm
93. A
E-mail. Direct marketing messages can be communicated to consumers via many different media, including e-mail, direct mail, website, television, radio, print, etc. A company website or television, radio, and print advertisements are useful when communicating with a relatively broad target market. Direct mail, on the other hand, allows marketers to target a more specific group of individuals, based on the fact that advertisements can be sent directly to certain people's homes. However, given the fact that the company plans to communicate with this list of interested individuals on a weekly basis, direct mail would become costly. Provided that the interested individuals have given Smoky Mountain Cabin Rentals specific permission to send advertisements via e-mail, weekly promotional e-mails would probably be the best way to communicate directly with these potential guests.
SOURCE: PR:320
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 638]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
94. A
Institutional promotion. Promotion refers to the various types of communications that businesses use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Institutional promotion is a type of promotion that aims to create a certain image of the company in the eyes of the consumer. Participating in community outreach activities often generates publicity, which benefits the businesses. Businesses are often recognized by the media for their participation, so people in the community become aware of the businesses and their community involvement. This reminds people of the businesses and often encourages them to become customers because the businesses are supportive of the community. Participating in community outreach activities is not considered a form of customer service or target marketing. Product promotion is a form of promotion that aims to persuade consumers to buy a good or service.
SOURCE: PR:341
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 395). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. C
Texture. Texture refers to the surface characteristic of a good or display prop, and may be described as shiny, dull, smooth, or rough. The use of different types of textures in displays creates contrast and draws attention to the main item on display. For example, shiny smooth goods become more prominent when displayed against a contrasting dull rough background. Balance and harmony are principles of display design rather than elements of design. Distance is not an element of design.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Diamond, J., & Diamond, E. (2007). Contemporary visual merchandising and environmental design (4th ed.) [pp. 118-119]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
96. D
Package. These arrangements can consist of anything from sports packages, to theater, to getaway weekends. A group plan is when a hotel gives discounts for large groups of people staying at the hotel. A budget plan covers the costs of operating the hotel. An advertising plan is a plan to promote the hotel.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Silva, K. E. & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality & tourism (p.99). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
"Brand X is on sale today." This is an example of a merchandise approach—a comment or question that helps direct the customer's attention to the merchandise. It usually refers to goods on display in which the customer seems to be showing an interest. The other alternatives are different versions of the greeting, or welcome, approach—a warm, friendly greeting that makes the customer feel welcome and important.
SOURCE: SE:110
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 309). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. C
Tell others about the business. It is important to serve customers well so that they will tell others about the good service. Selling appropriate products to satisfy their particular needs is one way of creating good feelings among customers and improving the company's reputation. Satisfied customers will continue to use the company and not take their business elsewhere. Having a positive feeling about a company does not affect the decision to return items for credit. Satisfied customers do not expect discounts on future sales.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 352). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. A
"This tie matches your shirt." Suggestion selling is a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by suggesting additional products after the original decision to buy has been made. Suggesting a tie that matches a shirt may lead the customer to buy both. Saying which tie appeals to the salesperson is simply voicing an opinion. The other alternatives present features of the ties.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 321-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. D
Recommendations of friends. People often rely heavily on the recommendations of friends, relatives, and associates when choosing travel destinations. When friends share information about good experiences on cruise ships or on escorted tours, they often encourage each other to take similar trips. People may assume that they and their friends have similar likes and dislikes and would enjoy the same travel destinations. People usually do not select a destination if their friends had a bad experience and do not recommend it. People are not motivated to choose travel destinations because of the methods of promotion, actions of competitors, or level of maintenance.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 24]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
Test Sample 2015
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. C
Voluntary. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business (creditor). An individual or business that obtains a credit card from a financial institution or retailer is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship, which means that both the debtor and the creditor enter the relationship willingly and understand the risks and expectations regarding the extension and use of credit. Unintentional, customary, and implied are not types of debtor-creditor relationships.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owner's Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
2. D
The owners' personal property cannot be taken to pay the business's debts. An LLC (limited liability company) form of business ownership is growing in popularity because of some of the ways it benefits its owners. One of these is that the owners' personal property cannot be taken by creditors to satisfy the debts of the LLC. Other characteristics of the LLC include its limited life and taxation of the owners' income rather than the LLC's income. LLCs may need to have at least one or two members but does not necessarily set a minimum of three members.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
3. B
Hotel restaurants and banquet facilities generally increase the prices of their products. When a community's leaders create legislation to increase taxes for food and beverage products, the businesses that supply the products pass the tax increase to the consumer by raising prices on the products. The types of businesses that provide food and beverage products include hotel restaurants and banquet facilities. A tax increase in a certain community does not necessarily lead to less discretionary income for all consumers of the hospitality product. If the hospitality segment in the community is comprised of more restaurants than lodging facilities, then most of the hospitality businesses in the community are affected by the tax increase. Food and beverage tax increases do not necessarily affect the price of the lodging product since some lodging facilities (e.g., economy) do not offer food and beverage products. Because some lodging facilities do not offer food and beverage product, tax increases do not necessarily force lodging facilities to increase room rates on a seasonal basis.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 658). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
4. C
Promotion. Coordinating channel management with other marketing activities such as promotion is important to businesses because they need to have the goods in stock when they are advertised. Businesses that promote goods they do not have in stock or on display run the risk of irritating customers who want to buy the items. Businesses usually make sure that seasonal items will be delivered in sufficient quantities and in time to be on display when the first advertisement appears. Visual merchandising is display of merchandise in a store or department but does not involve having the goods in stock. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Public relations is a function of business that aims to establish good relations between the business and the public.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 10-11, 12-17, 44-45]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
5. C
Paying commissions in the travel agents' currency. This makes it convenient for travel agents and saves having to pay bank fees for converting the money. In this way, travel agents receive the full amount of their commissions. The other alternatives will encourage individual as well as travel agent bookings but not to the extent of paying commissions in the travel agent's currency.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 332]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
6. D
Employee handbook. Businesses often develop employee handbooks that provide information about their general policies and procedures. For example, a business might outline overtime and vacation policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations in its employee handbook. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they first start their jobs. Productivity manuals, customer newsletters, and personnel records are not sources that workers use to obtain information about a company's general policies and procedures for employees.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2013). Entrepreneurship (pp. 400-401). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
7. B
Critical feedback. When employees present their ideas to management or coworkers, they should be prepared to defend those ideas and provide supporting information. They also should be willing to accept critical feedback because others might not agree with the ideas or have different opinions. Being prepared will help employees remain objective and be able to offer logical evidence to back up their ideas. Critical feedback is often useful because it allows employees to view their ideas from a different perspective. Defending ideas usually does not involve accepting additional responsibility or nonverbal support. It is not acceptable to attack employees on a personal level because of their ideas.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 204-205). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. A
Make sure group members understand the group's purpose. The first step in holding a group discussion is typically making sure that everyone understands the group's purpose and reason for having the discussion. If group members don't know the desired outcome of the discussion, the discussion itself is much less likely to be productive. After making sure that everyone knows the group's purpose, it is important for the group members to agree on some ground rules for the discussion. Then, it's wise to find out what group members know about the subject. Anyone with knowledge of the subject should share what s/he knows about it so that the entire group can begin from the same starting point. It is not possible to build on another group member's comment until someone else in the group contributes to the discussion. You must also wait until later in the discussion to summarize what the group has said during the discussion itself.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put in Your Two Cents
9. C
Rehearsing helps the speaker improve the delivery of the message. Rehearsing the presentation provides the speaker with an opportunity to make sure that s/he is speaking at the appropriate pitch. It is also a chance to monitor nonverbal behavior such as distractive gestures or mannerisms (e.g., swaying). Presentation rehearsal allows the speaker to time the presentation and decide what revisions are needed before the final event. Presentation notes are developed before rehearsal. The accuracy of the message content should be verified at the time the presentation is developed. Verbal feedback from the intended audience is provided at the final event, not at the rehearsal.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 214]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. C
Chronological. When describing a process or historical information, the writer may need to present the facts in chronological order. By describing the steps or events in the sequence in which they occur, the writer is presenting the information in a logical manner, which helps the readers understand the content. When presenting information in an inverted order, the writer is describing the steps or processes in reverse order. Concurrent means that activities are being performed at the same time.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Malamed, C. (2014). Ways to organize information. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://theelearningcoach.com/elearning_design/we-design-information-too/
11. A
Understands. Using the correct words in written communication is one way for businesspeople to make sure that the receiver understands the message. Correct and accurate language usage generally conveys the intended message and makes it easier for people to understand. Using the correct words will not necessarily ensure that the receiver accepts, agrees with, or approves of the message.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Within a business. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged by people within an organization. Memorandums are rarely used among competitors or between friends.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. B
Email. The most appropriate communication channel for routine workplace messages such as Odessa's reminder to employees is email. Since her message is likely to be the same each week, she can write the reminder once and then set up her email program to automatically send the message to each employee at the end of each week. Phoning each employee to remind him/her would be very time-consuming. Every employee probably does not have her/his own fax machine. Sending a letter to each employee every week via the postal service would be expensive.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Cherp, A. (2013, September 28). When and how to use email reminders. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://blog.macademic.org/2013/09/28/when-to-use-email-reminders/
14. C
Consideration. Employees should treat others, whether they are customers, coworkers, or supervisors, with consideration. This means being helpful and respectful and not being prejudiced. Business image, work environment, and employees' personal images are all reflected in the manner in which people are addressed. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another's place. Honesty and integrity refer to a person's truthfulness and ethics.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Let the customer explain the problem. Until it is determined otherwise, one should assume that the complaint is legitimate. After the customer's explanation, ask whatever questions may be necessary to obtain facts needed in solving the problem. Asking the customer to be brief may anger the customer. The manager should not be called unless you cannot handle the situation to the customer's satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 550]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
16. D
Selling customer lists without the customers' consent to third parties. It is unethical for a business to sell its customers' information to third parties without the customers' permission because it is a breach of privacy. When privacy is breached, trust is broken, and customers may defect to the business's competitors. Implementing a frequent-buyers program, collecting information with authorization, and allowing customers to opt-out of email updates are ethical actions.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: Carter, S. (n.d.). How to protect customer privacy. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://www.howtodothings.com/business/protect-customer-privacy
17. B
There are multiple ways for guests to reserve their rooms. Many hotels and resorts have multiple channels of distribution so that they reach more guests and provide guests with more ways to reserve their rooms. Guests may reserve their rooms by telephone, in person, through the mail, over the Internet, and through a myriad of central reservation systems. However, multiple channels of distribution for reservations do not provide housekeeping with multiple opportunities to clean guest rooms, hotel managers with multiple chances to speak with staff, or the hotel restaurant with a multitude of menu choices.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [p. 251]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
18. B
Sweatshirts. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. Tangible items are goods that can be seen or touched. Sweatshirts are tangible and acquire form utility when the producer makes them from fabrics. Movie tickets, a doctor's advice, and dry cleaning are all intangible services.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. A
Its selling price is increased. The law of supply states that the quantity of a good or service that will be offered for sale varies in direct relation to its selling price. Producers are willing to manufacture more of a product when its selling price is increased because it is more profitable to do so, if costs remain the same. Price decreases, demand decreases, and production cost increases influence producers to manufacture less of a product.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. D
Communities. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. Many of the decisions that business owners make affect not only the business but the community in which the business exists. One way that businesses demonstrate social responsibility to their communities is by contributing money to local educational, cultural, and training programs. Businesses use other methods to demonstrate social responsibility toward their employees, customers, and stockholders.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
21. C
Marketing. Marketing is the process of creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. The marketing process provides consumers with a variety of goods and services from which to choose. Finance involves obtaining and using funds. The management process includes coordinating necessary resources to meet the day-to-day and long-term business operations. Production includes combining the human, natural, and capital resources to produce the desired goods or services.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
22. B
It has encouraged the growth of a global economy. The spread of capitalism throughout the world has given businesses opportunities to expand and reach new markets, thereby encouraging the growth of a global economy. Improvements in technology may have hastened the growth of capitalism, but not vice versa. The spread of capitalism has increased competition worldwide, not protecting domestic businesses. When companies move facilities to other countries with lower labor costs, they are able to reduce their labor expense. However, the spread of capitalism in the world has not decreased labor costs.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment’s Impact on Business)
23. A
Contraction. Businesses are affected by external factors, which include changes in the business cycle. The business cycle refers to the periods of expansion and contraction in economic conditions. When the economy is strong and growing (expansion), businesses tend to make profits, expand operations, and hire more employees. When the economy is on a downswing (contraction), businesses often experience lower sales and profits, which has an unfavorable effect on the business. If a business's sales and profits continue to decrease over time, it may lay off workers to cut costs, so it can continue to operate. Maturity is a stage in a product's life cycle. Remission is not a phase in the business life cycle.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: EC LAP 26—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting Business Environment)
24. B
Outputs divided by inputs. The formula for calculating productivity is goods and services produced (outputs) divided by the resources utilized to produce the goods (inputs). Labor is one of several resources available for use. Goods are only one type of output, and time is only one of several resources.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of it (Productivity)
25. C
Increasing their productivity. A productivity increase is an increase in production brought about by more efficient use of the same amounts of labor and capital. The business does not hire more workers, buy more capital goods, or borrow more funds but increases the output from the resources at hand, which usually results in economic growth. Government would not freeze wages at the request of businesses but only under conditions of national emergency.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
26. B
Earning fame and money. Having a positive attitude can help you be more successful in life, but it does not guarantee fame or money. Benefits of having a positive attitude do include learning new skills more easily, achieving your goals, and enjoying better personal relationships.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt For Optimism (Positive Attitude)
27. B
Stimulus control. Stimulus control occurs when a person attempts to avoid situations that cause him/her stress. The reward technique involves positive reinforcement given for showing self-control. The punishment technique is used when negative reinforcement is given for losing self-control. Extinction is the act of withholding reinforcement in order to change a behavior.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
28. D
Nonverbal. Gestures such as pointing, arm-waving, or use of the hands to make a point are part of body language. This kind of communication is nonverbal because it occurs without words. Written communication is any form of communication in writing, such as a letter or magazine article. Verbal communication involves the use of words. Audiovisual communication includes any type of message transmitted through the use of media such as films.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 45-55]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
29. B
Developing strategies. When people are developing strategies (strategizing), they are coming up with a plan of action to accomplish something. Strategizing for a negotiation involves anticipating the other person's negotiating styles and strategies, and then planning appropriate responses. This helps the negotiator prepare for different situations, which often lets him/her identify the most-likely-to-succeed approach for getting what s/he wants. Establishing ground rules with the other party can facilitate a fair negotiating environment, but having ground rules may not result in a favorable outcome for one or both parties. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them to achieve personal goals. Negotiators do not decide how to get what they want by making demands, sympathizing, or being aggressive.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
30. D
Acknowledges the conflict. You need to recognize, or admit, that a disagreement exists before you can take action to resolve it. Therefore, acknowledging the conflict is the first step in resolving a disagreement. Options cannot be discussed until the conflict is recognized. The people should remain calm and fair during the conflict confrontation. Conflict resolution does not always require a third party's opinion.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
31. C
Taking big risks. Taking big risks is not a behavior of an achievement-oriented person. Achievementoriented people assess risk carefully and assume moderate risks, so as not to jeopardize their potential accomplishments. They do take responsibility and produce high-quality work. They are not satisfied with current performance and always strive for improvement.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
32. A
Everyone reacts differently to change. Life is all about changes. Nothing ever stays the same. Some changes are good, and some changes are bad. And sometimes, it just depends on who you are and how you look at it. Change comes in various forms, and people react to it in many different ways, but one aspect of change is constant—it is unavoidable!
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: EI LAP 22—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
33. B
Approachable. Coaching is enabling other people to reach their true potential by helping them overcome barriers that are keeping them from doing so. To help others reach their true potential, effective coaches show their concern for and support of others by being patient, dependable, and approachable. Approachable coaches have the attitude and demeanor that says, "You can always talk to me. I am here for you." A person who is distracted or overly critical of others is being insensitive to others' feelings, and is not exhibiting characteristics of an effective coach. Although an effective coach should have a pleasant personality, s/he does not need to be amusing or entertaining.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24—Bring Out the Best (Coach Others)
34. D
Listen and observe others. Office politics exist in every business. People are trying to do their best to look good to the higher ups so that they can get a promotion, a raise, etc. By listening and observing others, you can learn how to maneuver the political environment in your company. If you readily voice your opinions, you may make enemies. Keeping to yourself will not necessarily help you to advance since people will not have an opportunity to get to know you. In business, working hard is often not enough to get you noticed by your superiors.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: Politics Is Business. (2012). Politics in the business world. Retrieved March 28, 2012, from http://www.nebema.org/politics-in-the-business-world.htm
35. A
Transfer payment. Income is money received from outside sources. Sources of income include salaries, interest earned, dividends, rent, and transfer payments. Transfer payments are monies paid by the government in which no goods or services are received in exchange, such as welfare benefits, veterans' benefits, disaster aid, and unemployment. To receive transfer payments, individuals, businesses, or jurisdictions must meet certain criteria. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a product, usually from the product's manufacturer. A refund is a sum of money given back to individuals or businesses. Refunds are issued when an excessive amount has been paid (e.g., tax refund) or when items have been returned to a business. Wage garnishments are court-ordered initiatives that involve taking income taken from an employee's salary and submitting it to another person or organization. Examples of garnishments include child support and alimony.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: WebFinance. (2014). Transfer payments. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.investorwords.com/5050/transfer_payments.html
36. D
To be competitive. Businesses must compete with each other for customers. The convenience of being able to buy now and pay later is often the deciding factor for customers when they are selecting a company with which to do business. Extending credit to customers does not help the business to purchase stock as needed. It may, in fact, make it more difficult since the business may not have as much cash on hand to pay for stock as it would if its customers paid in cash. Extending credit is an expense to the business, not a saving.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. A
Manage money. A budget is an estimate of what income and expenses will be for a specific time period. By developing a budget, individuals can manage their money. The budget will enable them to estimate income, perhaps for the next month, and also estimate the various expenses such as car payment, clothing, entertainment, etc. Then, they will be able to compare income with expenses and plan how to spend their money. Preparing a budget will make it possible to determine if they are barely able to pay bills each month or if there are funds remaining to put in a savings account. If funds are tight, they can analyze the various expenses and find ways to cut back in order to more effectively manage their money. Developing a budget allows individuals to identify the bills that must be paid; however, a budget does not pay bills. A budget does not include a list of assets. Budgeting often helps individuals to decrease debt by managing money more effectively.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 86-93]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
38. A
Late fee. Credit card issuers often charge late fees for payments that do not arrive on time. Some credit card issuers charge application fees, which involves billing a customer for applying for credit. Processing fees are charges to complete certain activities. Over-limit fees are charges applied for credit transactions that go over or exceed the credit card holder's credit limit.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Irby, L. (n.d.). Four consequences of a late credit card payment Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://credit.about.com/od/usingcreditcards/a/latecardpayment.htm
39. D
Authorized credit bureau. It is a good idea for people to verify that their credit is accurate by reviewing their credit-history reports. By reviewing their credit-history reports, people can determine if there are any problems (e.g., identity theft) or discrepancies on the report and work to get them resolved. These reports are available by contacting an authorized credit bureau. People do not routinely obtain credit-history reports from a credit compliance office, a judicial bankruptcy court, or debt collection agency.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 182-184]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
40. C
Natural. Natural risks are chances of loss which result from natural causes. These are natural phenomena occurring outside anyone's control. Economic risks are chances of loss due to changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, change of products, or even failure of businesses. Human risks are chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability. Marketing is not a classification of risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
41. A
Assets. Business owners must spend money to obtain assets, which are anything of value that the business owns. This results in money flowing out of a business. Some examples of business assets include land, buildings, vehicles, and equipment. Supplies are industrial goods that are constantly being purchased and used up in the operation of a business. Products are goods and services. Staples are goods for which there is constant demand.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
42. C
Financial ethics. An important aspect of financial ethics is making sure the business makes a profit and serves the best interests of its stakeholders (e.g., employees, customers, investors). This would include honest communication, transparent financial reporting, and fair pricing practices. Creative processes, maintenance activities, and forecasting methods are important business considerations; however, these activities are not directly related the business's profitability and the stakeholders' best interests.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (n.d.). Financial ethics will improve the profitability of your small business. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://bizfinance.about.com/od/fraud/a/Financial_Ethics.htm
43. A
Tour of the facilities. An important part of most employee-orientation programs is a tour of the facilities. New employees are taken on a tour of the business and shown the location of various personnel offices, lunchroom, supply room, and parking facility. The purpose of touring the facilities is to make new employees feel comfortable in their work environment. Some businesses offer counseling services to current employees. Employees are not evaluated until they have been on the job for a period of time. Onthe-job training takes place after orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Dessler, G., & Varkkey, B. (2009). Human resource management (11th ed.) [p. 296]. New Delhi, India: Dorling Kindersley.
44. D
A hotel sales representative follows up with clients to get feedback about their experiences with the facility's banquet services. Primary information is information collected for the purpose at hand. Because the hotel salesperson is collecting feedback for a specific purpose—to learn about his/her clients' experiences with the facility's banquet services—s/he is collecting primary information. Secondary information is information that has been collected for other purposes. A research report on a professional association's website and a trade publication are sources of secondary information. Delivering towels and asking the customer if s/he needs anything else is providing good customer service.
SOURCE: IM:422
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 200]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. A
$2,450,000. Market size is a measure of the total dollar amount of potential sales to all customers within a given market. In this case, Melissa wants to calculate the total dollar amount of potential sales to all customers within the Mariopolis County bed-and-breakfast lodging market in a year's time. To determine the market size, first multiply the total number of customers by the number of nights per year that an average customer stays at a bed-and-breakfast (3,500 X 4 = 14,000). This product represents the total number of nights that customers stay at bed-and-breakfasts in a year's time. Then, multiply this answer by the price of an average bed-and-breakfast room (14,000 X $175 = $2,450,000).
SOURCE: IM:427
SOURCE: Marzec, E.. (n.d.). How to determine market size for a business plan. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5827868_determine-market-size-business-plan.html
46. B
2. Mode is the value or number that appears the most often. It is the response given by the most people. In this example, the most people (18) said that they bought a certain product twice, or two times, a week. Therefore, 2 is the number or value that appears the most often.
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Wolosyzk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. A
Properly labeled. To make the data more interesting and easier to understand, businesses often present data in a table. The graphic presentation of data supports and reinforces the oral or written information. It is important that the data in the table be labeled so the audience understands what the data represent. To provide clarification for the audience, labeling involves placing headings at the tops of the corresponding columns or at the sides of the corresponding rows of the table. Although tables can present data in a visually attractive way, the data will be meaningless without proper labeling. Tables should be placed in the most appropriate or applicable section of a written report, which might include the appendices. Large tables usually are not placed in the margins of a written report because of space limitations.
SOURCE: IM:347
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 373]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
48. D
Use clear, concise language. When making an oral presentation that includes complex research findings, the speaker should use words that help the audience understand the subject matter. The speaker may want to repeat key or major points to reinforce important information. The use of humor depends on the nature of the audience and the topic at hand. Using too much humor or speaking too slowly may irritate some audience members, which in turn may affect their comprehension of the information.
SOURCE: IM:391
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 501, 509]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
49. B
Need. A buying decision begins with a need. After that, the consumer searches for information, assesses her/his options, and then makes the buying choice.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: MK LAP 6—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
50. D
Local economies. Travel and tourism marketing involves marketing many types of travel services to customers who plan to travel. When customers travel to other locations, they spend money by staying in hotels, eating in restaurants, paying to visit attractions, buying souvenirs, etc. As a result, they put money into the local economy. By marketing travel and tourism, the industry impacts local economies by helping them to grow and prosper. Travel and tourism marketing does not have an impact on social sciences, historical facts, or world climates.
SOURCE: MK:013
SOURCE: Hilton Worldwide. (n.d.). Local economic impact. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://cr.hiltonworldwide.com/strengthening-communities/communities_impact.html
51. B
Identity, accessibility, and durability of the market. Before a marketing plan can be conceived and ultimately executed, an organization must be able to name, or identify, the target market and must be able to communicate information to the group with the ability to buy. A durable market refers to the life span, or longevity, of the market segment. Some target markets are short term while others are long term. For example, a vacation package targeted to college students for a beach community that is building retirement homes has a short-term market. Once the retirement homes are complete, the appeal to college students decreases. While age, gender, and income may be factors in identifying a target market, they are not always the first to be considered. The appropriate advertising medium cannot be determined until the identity, accessibility, and durability of the target market are first assessed. Economic conditions of the destination are subject to change; this is not always the first factor to consider.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp.194-195]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
52. A
Reviewing data on trends to develop new products. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the business applies the information to accomplish a task. Reviewing data on trends for the purpose of developing new products is an example of applying information. The data give the business an idea of what type of new product customers might want and need. Then, the business develops a product based on the information. Conducting research, developing questionnaires, and examining promotional activities are methods of obtaining information. However, they do not involve applying the information to accomplish a task.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. xlix). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. A
Increased compliance laws and regulations. Now, more than ever, the government is cracking down on corporate dishonesty. Companies must adhere to an increased number of compliance laws and regulations, and an appropriate information management program is a big part of that. Other trends in information management include increased competition, an increased number of electronic documents, and a decreased number of workers in the office.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
54. B
Cut, paste. Business employees use word-processing software programs to create text documents, such as letters, memos, and reports. Most word-processing programs have options that allow the user to move text from one part of the document to another. To move text, the user highlights the text, touches the "cut" button, which removes the text from its current position. The user moves the curser to the new location and touches the "paste" button, which places the text in the new location. This simple process saves time for business employees because they do not need to delete and retype the information. The "copy" button duplicates the text but does not remove it from its current location. A "find and replace" function helps the user to electronically locate and change words within the document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 503]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
55. B
Share information. Collaborative computer software allows employees to access the same business information. For example, sales staff, promotions staff and accounting staff may need access to a comprehensive customer database for different reasons. A salesperson may need to retrieve a customer's purchasing history from the database to obtain the necessary facts s/he needs to process an order. The promotions staff may need to access the database to obtain the customers' addresses for a direct-mail campaign. The accounting staff may access the customer database to check the customers' billing information. An advantage to sharing the information is that efficiency increases because the employees have access to current and relevant information that they need to do their jobs. The primary purpose of collaborative software is not to archive old documents, interpret data, or maintain authority.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: BPC. (n.d.). Collaborative software (groupware). Retrieved December 31, 2014, from http://www.bestpricecomputers.co.uk/glossary/collaborative-software.htm
56. B
Web server. Web servers are computer programs that deliver website content. Some businesses install and maintain their own web servers. Because installing and maintaining web servers can be expensive, businesses often decide to pay a fee to a web host, which provides the server space to meet their needs. A PDF (portable document format) is a widely used document file format that was developed by Adobe. The format allows users to view content, but users cannot alter the content. The PDF reader is a software program that allows computer users to view PDF files. Many web pages are saved as PDFs; however, businesses often use other formats. A wireless router is a device that provides Internet access to laptop or portable computers without being directly connected to cable service. An affiliate partner is a business that agrees to promote and sell another business's products on the Web in exchange for a sales commission.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Hutchinson, L. (2012, November 27). How to set up a safe and secure web server. Retrieved August 5, 2014, from http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2012/11/how-to-set-up-a-safe-andsecure-web-server/
57. B
Compare variables. A chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in databases in order to compare several variables that change from property to property. For example, one hotel might be located in an affluent suburb while another one is located in an urban area. The chain might analyze the information in its database concerning both communities in order to make appropriate marketing decisions such as the type of services to offer in each location. Although the chain provides the same type of goods and services to both communities, it needs to analyze data in order to know if the consumers in each community have different wants and needs. Before analyzing databases to compare variables, a chain of hotels might survey guests and tabulate the findings. A chain would not analyze databases in order to organize products.
SOURCE: NF:185
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 614]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
58. A
To obtain credit. Businesses keep records to verify information for others. For example, if a business wishes to obtain a loan from a bank, it must provide the bank with financial records to prove that it is creditworthy. The financial records provide information about the business's income and expenses and verify that the business will be able to repay the loan. Businesses only need to deposit funds in order to open an account with a bank. A business that is paying a mortgage already has received a loan.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
59. C
Need for convenience. Need for convenience is a social/cultural trend, not a demographic statistic. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population, including such data as employment status, education, and religious affiliation.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
60. D
Document from being forwarded. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form. These software programs do not prevent a virus from being downloaded, an attachment from being included, or a search engine from being used.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Boyce, J. (n.d.). Help protect confidential information in e-mail using IRM. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook-help/help-protect-confidentialinformation-in-e-mail-using-irm-HA001180136.aspx
61. C
Electrical. Plugging too many machines, computers, radios, or appliances into one wall outlet can create a hazard by overloading the electrical circuit. This can cause too much heat to build up at a particular place on the cord which may create sparks. Plugging in too many machines may create production, operational, or material problems as well, but the basic cause is electrical.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Electrical Safety Foundation International. (2014). Electrical safety in the workplace fact sheet. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://www.esfi.org/index.cfm/page/Electrical-Safety-inthe-Workplace-Fact-Sheet/cdid/10619/pid/3003
62. A
Scope. The project manager controls what the project will and will not do, known as the project's scope. The project's budget refers to how much it will cost to complete. A project's plan will include more than just a definition of what it will and will not do. A project's schedule is its timeline for completion.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
63. B
Checklists. Developing a checklist involves writing down all of the possible resources that might be needed for a project. Categorizing the resources (e.g., supplies, equipment, people) is a good way for project managers to organize their resource information and review and update their lists as needed. Schedules and timelines are usually developed after the resources have been identified. Summaries provide an overview of larger documents or complex content.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
64. C
Communications plan. When creating a communications plan, project managers think through the flow of information that will need to be communicated among team members to ensure project success. The change-management plan addresses what steps will be taken when unforeseen circumstances occur. The quality-management plan contains strategies for ensuring that both the deliverables and the project itself meet predetermined standards. The risk-management plan identifies potential risks and spells out how to avoid them or limit their impact.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
65. D
Purchasing. Purchasing is the buying of resources needed for production. These may include raw materials, parts, equipment, supplies, machinery, and labor. Scheduling establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Routing determines the sequence for the steps in the production process. Dispatching is issuing orders for production to start.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
66. C
Process performance management. Process performance management is a quality-control method that involves supervising business and manufacturing processes to ensure their quality and efficiency. Concurrent engineering is performing the various stages of product design and development simultaneously, instead of one after another. Statistical process control is a quality-control tool that uses statistics to determine if a process is working properly or not. The Taguchi method focuses on product design and development over manufacturing.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
67. D
To increase profit. Decreasing expenses is perhaps the best way that businesses can help to increase profit. A business's profit is significantly affected by its expenses. The more a business's expenses decrease, the greater the profit. Businesses try to decrease expenses without affecting their level of service. Promoting efficiency often helps businesses to decrease expenses. Expanding sales while decreasing expenses usually leads to increased profit.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: OP LAP 9—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
68. B
Assist with evacuation. On occasion, tour operators and their tour groups might be involved in emergency situations such as natural disasters. If this happens, tour operators should be prepared to assist local authorities with the evacuation of the group. Tour operators need to know where all group members are in order to quickly and safely evacuate them from dangerous situations such as hurricanes. Tour operators are not expected to provide medical advice, protect private property, or activate alarm systems.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S. (2010). Hospitality services: Food & lodging (2nd ed.) [pp. 454-456]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
69. A
Productive. Organized workers tend to be more productive because they plan ahead and can do their work at a relaxed pace. Being organized does not necessarily make an individual open-minded. Orderly and systematic workers are more likely to be careful than careless, and they are less likely to be tense because they have reduced stress.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. C
Telling others about his goal. Ron will greatly improve his ability to achieve his goals if he involves supportive people in the process. People who will encourage Ron to achieve his goals will benefit him greatly. Describing the benefits of setting goals won't help Ron achieve them. Writing goals down greatly increases the chance of attainment. Lowering standards and setting unrealistic goals will not improve goal attainment.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
71. A
Build flexibility into his/her schedule. The manager's schedule should not be filled completely. The more people you work with, the more flexible you need to be. Blocking off six hours of uninterrupted work time would not be possible. Delegating some activities to others will free the manager to do other tasks, but not all activities could or should be delegated.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
72. B
Write in "unknown." On occasion, people will encounter questions on employment applications for which they do not know the answer. When this situation occurs, it is acceptable to write "unknown" in the space. This indicates that the applicant has read the question but either doesn't have the information available or doesn't know the answer. It is always better to write in "unknown" or "NA" than to leave a blank space that might make an employer think that an applicant forgot to answer the question. Applicants should never make up answers. Employment applications are not allowed to contain the types of questions that would obtain strictly personal information from applicants, such as age or religious preference.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. C
Job applying for. The first paragraph of a letter of application should include the name of the job for which you are applying. A letter of application should come right to the point and immediately let the business know why you are writing. Stating the exact name of the job is important because there may be several similar jobs available within the business. Salary requirements generally are not included but, if they are, they should be mentioned towards the end of the letter of application. A telephone number where the applicant may be reached is often listed in the last paragraph. The name of the applicant may appear in a letterhead or in the signature of the letter.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 54-55]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. D
Professional organizations. A professional organization, such as AMA, is a group of persons in the same profession who form a society to further their common interests—primary focus is generally the expansion of professional knowledge and the maintenance of high professional standards. A trade association is formed by a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area to solve their common problems—increased profit for association members is usually the primary goal of the group. A focus group is a group interview, often used as a marketing-research technique. A support group is a group of individuals who share a common problem and are seeking strength and support.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 265]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
75. C
Certification. Some professional organizations in the travel and tourism industry provide training that results in conferring a certificate of completion. This certification indicates that an individual has completed an approved training course and is qualified to perform certain functions. For example, the National Tour Association awards a certificate to tour professionals who take specific courses and have at least five years of experience in the tour industry. Not all training programs provide firsthand experience. Professional organizations do not award college degrees. Some courses are offered online as a way for participants to obtain certification.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Gorham, G., & Rice, S. (2007). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travel professional (4th ed.) [pp. 6-7]. Clifton Park, NY: Thomson Delmar Learning.
76. D
Ground transportation. This component includes bus companies, car rental companies, railroads, taxis, and limousines. The hospitality industry includes accommodations, resorts, restaurants, and convention centers. The travel mart includes retail travel agencies, business travel departments, and travel clubs. The wholesale distribution component buys products from the other components and sells them through retail travel agencies.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Minneapolis/Saint Paul International Airport. (2013). Ground transportation. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from https://www.mspairport.com/GroundTransportation.aspx
77. B
Corporate image and positioning. This factor involves setting prices that are consistent with overall company image and position. The cruise line chooses to communicate a deluxe image and set prices well above average. Discriminatory pricing involves setting two or more prices to appeal to select target markets. The corporate objectives factor strives to set prices to meet objectives of profit levels, market share, or sales volume. Competitive pricing involves setting prices based on the goods/services of competition.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 157-159]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin
78. D
Encourage employees to report new product ideas from other restaurants they visit. New product ideas come from a variety of internal and external sources. Some examples of internal sources include personal observation; formal research and development activities; recommendations from corporate, employees, family members, and people who provide professional assistance to the restaurant such as bankers, attorneys, etc. The problem with asking family members for recommendations is that managers might feel that they can't reject bad ideas. Competitors won't recommend new products because they don't want to lose business to others. Although trade associations might suggest ideas for new products, the fact that they're recommending the products to local restaurants would fail to give any one restaurant a competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:241
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2010). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (5th ed.) [p. 246]. Boston: Prentice Hall.
79. C
Owner interest. The tastes of the business owner may vary greatly from customer's preferences. Company records, trade associations, and product catalogs are all valuable tools in determining what to buy.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2012). Business management (13th ed.) [pp. 590-592]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
80. D
Transportation. In the hospitality and tourism industry, the core product is the primary service that is provided. In the case of cruise lines, the core product is transportation because that is what the cruise lines are selling. Cruise lines are offering the service of transporting passengers from one location to another. In conjunction with transportation, some cruise lines offer food service. Some cruise lines offer movies and music to entertain passengers, but entertainment is not the core product. Luggage handling is available to passengers who check their luggage. However, luggage handling is not the core product. Customers pay for transportation, not for food service, entertainment, or luggage handling.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Walker, J.R. (2009). Introduction to hospitality (5th ed.) [p. 51]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. B
www.obxbaitandtackle.com. Pay-per-click ads involve paying a website vendor a set fee each time a visitor clicks on the sponsor's ad, directing visitors to the ad sponsor's website. In the presented situation, Tony is the ad sponsor and he wants to place an ad on the website that his target market is most likely to visit. Because tourists who visit the Outer Banks and like to fish are most likely to access a local bait and tackle shop's website, Tony should place his ad on www.obxbaitandtackle.com. Surfboarders are most likely to visit a surfboard website, whitewater rafters are most likely to visit a whitewater rafting website, and people who like to eat seafood are most likely to access the Red Lobster restaurant's website.
SOURCE: PR:333
SOURCE: Root, G.N. (n.d.). Tips on Internet advertising. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/tips-internet-advertising-3265.html
82. D
Using key words in URLs. Search engine optimization is the process of designing and submitting web pages so that they can be found easily by spiders to obtain a good position in the search results. URL is an acronym for uniform resource locator, which is the website's address. Placing key words related to the content in the website's URL may improve the website's rank or placement in the search results. Anchor text is the text that is used in a hyperlink. Anchor text should also include content-related key words (rather than unrelated jargon) to improve position or rank in search-engine results. The use of underscores between key words may hinder a good position in the search-engine results. Cascading style sheets refer to the formats and elements (e.g., font size, color, layout) used to develop a web page.
SOURCE: PR:361
SOURCE: McGee, M. (2011, June 20). 21 essential SEO tops and techniques. July 31, 2014, from http://searchengineland.com/21-essential-seo-tips-techniques-11580
83. D
Buzz marketing. Buzz marketing involves generating excitement and “buzz” among early adopters of a product so that they pass along information about the product to others. The amusement park invited 200 teens to be the first to visit the park and asked them to tell their friends about how much they enjoyed it. Personal selling is a form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Print advertising is a paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services in a newspaper, magazine, etc. Merchandising is the process of having the right goods in the right place at the right time in order to make a profit.
SOURCE: PR:317
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 272-273]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
84. A
Male professionals aged 22 to 29. Viral marketing typically involves creating an entertaining or informative image, video, or interactive game that can be shared electronically. Research indicates that students and young professionals are most receptive to viral marketing. While both young males and females respond well to viral ads in the form of images or video, young men tend to be more responsive to interactive games than young women are.
SOURCE: PR:312
SOURCE: Libert, K. (2013, May 7). The secret recipe for viral content marketing success. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://moz.com/blog/the-secret-recipe-for-viral-content-marketingsuccess
85. A
The size of the person's social circles. Customer evangelists are individuals who are asked to sponsor a particular business or product. They usually are already acquainted with and devoted to the business or product. When selecting or developing a customer evangelist for a restaurant, marketers need to consider the size of the person's social circles. If the person knows a lot of people in a lot of different places, s/he will have much more opportunity to tell people about the restaurant. The person's educational background, work schedule, and political affiliation are much less likely to be important when selecting or developing customer evangelists.
SOURCE: PR:273
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 273]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
86. A
Word-of-mouth marketing. Word-of-mouth marketing is a form of publicity that occurs when customers tell others of their satisfaction with a business and its products. Celebrities who engage in word-of-mouth marketing have a lot of influence over others because they have an extremely large fan base. Oprah Winfrey yields a lot of influence and power due to the success of her long-running talk show. When her show was in production, businesses sent their products to her television studio. The businesses wanted Oprah to try their products and include them on her annual "favorite things" episode, which attracted an extremely large television audience. The situation provided is not an example of sponsorship activities, online-advertising strategies, or customized communication. A sponsorship is an agreement that allows a company to pay a fee to a team or an event for the right to affiliate itself with that team or event. Online advertising occurs on the Internet. Customized communication involves developing and sending messages that are designed to appeal to each message recipient. The television show is a form of mass communication rather than customized communication.
SOURCE: PR:321
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 662-666]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. C
Create a sense of urgency. Internet advertising copy should encourage the reader to take action—to buy the product. To encourage the reader to buy the product now, the advertising copy should create a sense of urgency. For example, the copy might include an ending date for a sales promotion. The business's promotional goals determine if the advertising copy should contain personal opinions or humor. Because Web surfers tend to scan Internet content quickly, they are likely to ignore an ad that contains too much text.
SOURCE: PR:279
SOURCE: GoECart. (2009, February 19). Ten essential tips for writing effective web copy that sells. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://blog.goecart.com/index.php/web-copy-writing-tips/
88. C
Make sure the firm's name is correct. All kinds of mistakes are possible in print ads. The firm paying for the ad should make sure that its name and, in some cases, its address appear correctly in the ad so that consumers who read the ad will be able to identify the business. The business might also include a telephone number and hours of business operation with the business identification, and this information should be checked for accuracy. Questions as to how long an ad will run, what media will present it, and how it compares with competitors' ads would be answered before a final proof of the ad is prepared.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 481). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. C
Food for the needy. Community issues are those issues that affect the community as a whole such as homelessness or food for the needy. To be socially responsible, businesses often become involved with and support certain community issues. This involvement benefits the community because businesses are able to provide support which often includes money as well as time. The involvement also benefits the businesses because they receive positive publicity which helps to create a good public image. Consumer rights, truth in lending, and personal ethics are not community issues.
SOURCE: PR:347
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 148). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. C
Determining how to take orders. During the planning phase of the website development process, the developer is making decisions that will impact the website's design. Deciding whether and how to take orders is one of those initial decisions that needs to occur. Writing copy, designing page layout, and ensuring compatibility of the website with browsers occur during the design phase of the process.
SOURCE: PR:328
SOURCE: Pawson, C. (2010, August 23). Website development process for newbies. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Website-Development-Process-forNewbies&id=4913903
91. A
Logistics. Logistics involves all aspects of handling and transporting goods. It is an important part of negotiating a contract because transportation charges are often costly. As a result, most businesses negotiate who will pay those charges. In some cases, a business might prefer to arrange and pay for transportation, while other times, a business might want the vendor to be responsible for transportation. Both parties try to negotiate the best deal. For example, a business might agree to pay for transportation if the vendor agrees to give a larger discount. The business is not negotiating payments, premiums, or allowances when requiring the vendor to arrange for transportation.
SOURCE: PM:264
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 623]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. C
Who, what, when, why, and where. News releases should contain information about who is involved, what is happening, when it will occur, why it has been planned, and where it will take place. In some cases, how something will happen may also be included. Copy, illustration, headline, white space, and logo are elements of print advertisements. Trite expressions are words and phrases that have lost their effectiveness because they are overused and should not be used in news releases.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Lunar Eclipse. (2014). How to write a press release. Retrieved July 31, 2014, from http://www.lunareclipse.net/pressrelease.htm
93. B
Replacing merchandise as it is sold. Replacement of merchandise keeps the display looking fresh and complete. This is particularly true of self-selection displays. Changing the backdrop, colors, fixtures, and lighting are not display maintenance but ways of giving the display a different look.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 433). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. A
Click-through rate. The click-through rate measures the number of times that website visitors click on an online advertisement that automatically transports the visitors to the advertiser's website. Evaluating click-through rates of online ads helps businesses determine the effectiveness of the ad. If the clickthrough rate for an ad on a particular website is poor, the hotel chain may decide to stop advertising on the website and place an advertisement elsewhere. The gross page impressions metric measures the website's total traffic volume. If the hotel chain wants to determine the advertisement's price on a per click-through basis, it would use the cost per click metric. The transactions-per-hour metric measures the number of sales transactions that occur in a 60-minute timeframe.
SOURCE: PR:335
SOURCE: Davis, J. (2007). Measuring marketing: 103 key metrics every marketer needs (pp. 222-223). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
95. C
Promotion. Sponsoring this community event creates a positive public image for the hotel. An endorsement involves obtaining approval from an external source. The marketing mix is the combination of the four elements of marketing—product, place, promotion, and price. The product mix is the assortment of goods and services that a business offers to meet its customers' needs and its organizational goals.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2006). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (4th ed.) [pp. 595, 597, 601]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
96. D
Sales promotion. This refers to any promotional activity other than advertising, publicity, and personal selling. Examples of sales promotions include displays, coupons, and sweepstakes. Advertising is the nonpersonal, paid presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Public relations is the process of building goodwill toward an organization. Selling refers to the planned, personalized communication made by a sales representative to influence a customer's purchase decision and enhance future business opportunities.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 405-407). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. C
Greet and be available for service/information. Customers who are browsing are often undecided and want to look around before making a buying decision. These undecided customers often need prompting or educating and really should not be left to browse indefinitely because they may leave. Always greet your customers; do not make the customer initiate the contact. The decided customer wants a quick transaction and should be given prompt service.
SOURCE: SE:110
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 307-310). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. A
Benefits. Because services are intangible products that customers cannot see or touch, they are often more difficult to sell than goods. Salespeople should be able to clearly explain the benefits, or advantages, of those services to customers in order to close a sale. Customers are more likely to buy services if salespeople adequately describe the benefits that they offer. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Goals are objectives. Traits are personal characteristics.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 299, 301). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. B
Upselling. When car rental agents suggest that customers rent more expensive vehicles than the ones they signed up for online, the agents are using a sales technique known as upselling. This helps to increase the amount of the sale. Substitute selling occurs when the requested item is not in stock or does not meet the customer's needs. Suggestion selling involves recommending an additional item to accompany the original purchase. Outsourcing involves the use of a third party to handle tasks that the company used to handle internally.
SOURCE: SE:476
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 350-351). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. D
$10.99. Restaurants often feature two-for-one dinner specials to attract customers. The offer is contingent on at least two people dining together. The offer is valid for three people but only one dinner will be free. Sometimes, the offer applies to larger groups of equal number such as a party of four or six in which case two or three of the dinners will be free. In this situation, a party of three is taking advantage of the two-for-one special, so the server should deduct the lowest priced dinner ($10.99) from the bill. Two-for-one dinner specials usually do not include beverages so the server would not deduct the price of a beverage from the bill. Also, desserts are often additional unless otherwise noted. Therefore, the server should deduct only the price of the dinner.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 375]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
Test ST-HOTR-10A
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. C
Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction involves whether a specific court has the authority to hear a case. Not all courts are able to hear all types of cases. For example, depending on the business dispute, a legal procedure might take place in a state court or a federal court. Also, a court in one state might, or might not, have jurisdiction over a business that is incorporated in another state. Freedom is not a factor that affects the legal procedure. Misdemeanor and larceny are types of crimes.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 33-36]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Open. The open, or public, corporation usually sells millions of shares of stock to many stockholders. The public corporation must furnish information to the public and to prospective investors about its earnings, assets, and debts. A close corporation may be owned by just a few people and does not offer its shares for sale to the general public. The "S" corporation is a private, state-chartered corporation that was developed to help small businesses by taxing them as individuals in a partnership. It is limited to 75 or fewer shareholders. Limited is a type of partnership.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. A
It is legal for an airline to overbook a flight. Since there are no laws to protect the travel consumer from overbooking, bumping passengers from flights is common when traveling by air. The U.S. Department of Transportation does, however, require that airlines first ask for volunteers to give up their seats in exchange for compensation. This may be in the form of cash or a voucher. The amount a passenger is compensated for lost luggage is subject to negotiation. Most airlines have a ceiling on the amount paid ($2,500/passenger); international travelers are paid $9.07/lb. Currently, there is no international "Bill of Rights." The United States Congress has developed several options for an airline passenger "Bill of Rights," but there is nothing on the law books as of yet (August, 2009). Airlines are not required to pay any compensation for flight delays due to bad weather.
SOURCE: BL:135
SOURCE: Travel Images. (n.d.). United States: The rights of air passengers. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.travel-images.com/passenger-rights-us.html#overbooking
4. D
Travel planning. Travel planning is provided by travel agents who sell transportation, lodging, tours, etc., to consumers for the companies that provide each of these services. Other services, such as legal defense, lodging, and food service, use a direct producer to consumer channel because the services must be delivered directly to the user.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
A manufacturer decides to sell its products on its web site. Vertical conflict in a channel of distribution occurs when there is disagreement between different levels of members in the same channel. An example of a vertical channel is a manufacturer selling to wholesalers who then sell to retailers. Conflict may occur if the manufacturer decides to sell its products on its web site as well as sell them to wholesalers. Both the wholesalers and the retailers may feel that they will lose sales because the products are available directly to the ultimate consumer. Horizontal conflict may occur if an organization sells additional franchises in the same city or if two similar businesses compete for the same target market. Distributors for a product agreeing to charge the same price is price fixing.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 371-372]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. D
Ask questions. Effective listeners concentrate on what is being said and ask questions when they don't understand or want clarification. Managers often assume that employees know more than they do and give incomplete or vague instructions. Employees should pay close attention to what is being said and ask questions to make sure they understand. Employees should not interrupt often, only when it is necessary to clarify a point they don't understand. Employees should observe a speaker's body language because nonverbal clues also send a message. Reading directions will not help employees be effective listeners.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 206-208]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
7. A
Asking for clarification. Effective listeners give full attention to what is being said and ask questions to make sure that they understand the message. Listeners who interrupt are focusing on themselves rather than the speaker. Judging the speaker's appearance distracts the listener from what is being said. Thinking of what to say next instead of listening to what is being said is a common barrier to effective communication.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 180-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. B
Smile when you answer the telephone. Your attitude is projected over the telephone. A smile or a frown can actually be "heard" in your voice by the person on the other end of the line. A smile indicates a positive attitude, and a frown indicates a negative attitude. Using a wide vocabulary, being informed about the business's rules, and shutting out distractions while you are talking to a caller are all helpful in providing service, but they are not ways to demonstrate a positive attitude.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Mancuso, J. (2007). The everything guide to being an event planner (p. 73). Cincinnati: Adams Media.
9. D
Agree on ground rules. Once you know your group's purpose, you can (as a group) lay some simple ground rules for appropriate behavior during the discussion. Finding out what people know about the subject and contributing in a useful way occur later in the process. Volunteering a new idea is a discussion tool for contributing in an open-minded way.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
10. D
Something is being sent with the letter. The word "Enclosure" at the bottom of the page indicates that other material accompanies the letter. This lets the recipient know s/he should look for additional material and lets the sender know if the material was not enclosed. Reference initials indicate who prepared a letter. The copy notation (cc) preceding a name (or names) signifies that copies of the letter were sent to persons other than the addressee. A request for a reply is usually included within the body of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Brizee, A. (2009, April 17). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/653/01/
11. D
Possible objections. The purpose of a persuasive letter is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a specific course of action. For example, the purpose of a sales letter is to motivate a person to buy a particular product. An objection is a reason for not taking a specific course of action. When developing persuasive messages, it is important for the writers to think about the readers' possible objections and acknowledge them. By acknowledging the objections and providing a rationale that removes the objections, the writers better position themselves in persuading the readers to take specific actions. Because each reader has different personal images and decision-making styles, it is not feasible for the writer to consider these factors if the letter is going to a lot of people. The readers' nonverbal cues cannot be seen when writing persuasive messages.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hayden, K. (2008, December 19). Persuasive letter writing lesson. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.brightbulb.com/education/k-12/articles/16333.aspx
12. A
Supporting documents. The purpose of the short report is to present information in a concise and simple manner. Therefore, documents that support the information presented in the appendix of a short report often are included as attachments rather than as parts of the main body. Readers of the report have the option to review the supporting documents or to rely solely on the information in the short report. Table of contents, title page, and conclusions and recommendations are main parts of the short report.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Smith, S.E. (2009). In a book, what is an appendix? Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.ask.com/bar?q=what+is+an+appendix&page=1&qsrc=121&ab=5&u=http%3A%2 F%2Fwww.wisegeek.com%2Fin-a-book-what-is-an-appendix.htm
13. C
Downward, upward, and lateral. Communication in a business with a formal staff communication system usually moves in three directions—up, down, and sideways. Upward communication is from employees to management, downward communication is from management to employees, and lateral is communication between staff members on the same level. Grapevine communication is unofficial information passed from one person to another in writing or through conversation. An informal communication system usually has an active grapevine. The other alternatives are not types of communication.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
14. D
Being efficient. Being efficient demonstrates the customer-service mindset. Specifically, this means knowing how to operate equipment and software, becoming familiar with all the products the business offers, and keeping work spaces organized for action. Being accurate is demonstrated through doublechecking work for accuracy. Following-through means always doing what you say you're going to do. Following-up with customers suggests to customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: HR LAP 32—Customer-Service Mindset
15. D
Silent. Silent customers are too sensitive to talk very much even when they need help. They are not hard to help, but they do require a lot of the sales agent's time. Impatient customers feel they must be helped immediately, regardless of the circumstances. Irritable or moody clients may be pleasant one day and touchy or unpredictable the next. Leave-me-alone customers prefer, or pretend to prefer, to be left alone to find what they want.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
16. B
Employee. Employees can contribute to customer dissatisfaction by being inaccurate and providing unsatisfactory servi ce. Serving the wrong menu items is one way that restaurant employees can cause customers to complain. The product was not at fault even though it was the wrong item. The business was not at fault because the correct menu items were available. The customer was not at fault because the desired item was ordered.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Ramsey, R.D. (2005, October). Handling Customer Complaints in American Salesman v. 50, Issue 10, pp. 15-20.
17. B
An airline flying passengers to their destination. The concept of distribution (place) in the travel and tourism industry involves delivering the travel and tourism product to the customer. In this example, the product is transportation that the airline provides by flying passengers to their destination. For distribution to occur, the customer must participate in the experience such as fly on the airplane, go on the bus trip, or visit the attraction. The bus trip is the product. Advertising is a promotional consideration. Offering a reduced rate is a price factor.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Morrison, A. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 339-340]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson.
18. C
Competing. Competing wants exist when we want more than one thing at the same time. A unique want causes consumers to exert special effort to obtain items. Unlimited wants prove that as soon as one want is satisfied there is at least one other waiting to take its place. Noneconomic wants are those that can be obtained without spending money.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services
19. D
Time. If a customer needs a product tonight and it is available, that product has time utility. Form utility occurs when the shape of a product is altered, place utility involves having the product where it is needed, and possession utility is created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the person or the business that will use it.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
20. D
Equilibrium. Equilibrium price is also called market-clearing price because that is often the result of reaching the equilibrium point. Market price is the actual price that prevails in the marketplace at any particular moment. Unit price indicates the price of products by the ounce, pound, or other measurement to enable customers to compare product values. Production price is the total amount of money spent on materials, labor, taxes, etc., to produce economic goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: AmosWEB (n.d.). Equilibrium price. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=gls&c=dsp&k=equilibrium+price
21. D
Hire employees. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing employees. One of the responsibilities of human resources management is to hire employees, which are the human resources needed to operate the business. Finance is the business activity that obtains funds. Marketing is the business activity that promotes goods. Purchasing is the business activity that buys resources.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business
22. C
Retaining. Sometimes, management is unaware of a risk and keeps the risk—doing nothing about it. Since management in unaware of the risk, it is not avoiding, preventing/controlling, or transferring the risk. Avoiding risk means not being exposed to the risk at all. Preventing/controlling risk means taking measures to reduce the risk. Transferring risk means passing the risk to someone else.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
23. C
Offer dissimilar products. Indirect competition is rivalry between or among businesses that offer dissimilar goods or services. It is the opposite of direct competition—which is rivalry between or among businesses offering similar goods or services. The location of the businesses is not a factor in determining whether competition is direct or indirect.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete!
24. C
Increased production. Workers who specialize in one job or kind of job can produce at a faster rate as their familiarity with the job increases. This means increased worker production and increased production for the company. A disadvantage is that the workers' morale may be lowered because they do the same task over and over. Labor regulations are legal guidelines. Income negotiations deal with salary structure.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: AmosWEB (n.d.). Specialization. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://www.amosweb.com/cgi-bin/awb_nav.pl?s=gls&c=dsp&k=specialization
25. C
Marginal revenue. Marginal revenue is the change in revenue generated by the sale of one additional item. For example, a business sells one item, and the marginal revenue is $2.00. The business sells another item, and the marginal revenue is $2.00. Every time the business sells another item, the marginal revenue is $2.00. Businesses compare the marginal revenue with the marginal cost to determine at which level the business earns the most profit. Gross profit is the money left after cost of goods expense is subtracted from total income. Net worth is the total value of the business. Disposable income is the amount of money people have to spend, or dispose of, after they have paid their taxes.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Gottheil, F.M. (2002). Principles of economics (3rd ed.) [pp. 203-205]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
26. D
Guide the actions of others. Individuals who are leaders not only have the ability to decide what needs to be done, but they can guide the actions of others to do the work. Good leaders generally plan and organize their work, but that is not what makes them good leaders. Analyzing employee productivity is often a responsibility of leaders rather than a personality trait. Displaying empathy by feeling what others are feeling is a desirable personality trait but does not indicate leadership.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
27. C
Meeting deadlines. Interest and enthusiasm are qualities that people observe and perceive. We show interest and enthusiasm with our actions, questions, and facial expressions. Meeting deadlines shows employers that you are interested in meeting their needs—an action. Direct eye contact helps to reinforce this communication. Asking irrelevant questions and exhibiting indifference are ways of showing a lack of interest or concern.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: The Professional Personal Development Center at Penn State University (2003). Module 10: List ways you can show interest and enthusiasm on the job. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://voc.ed.psu.edu/projects/caps/10CAPS.html
28. D
Initiative. Initiative is defined as the willingness to act without having to be told to do so, or the willingness to accept or seek additional or unpleasant duties. The employee who offers to help another is showing initiative by seeking additional duties. Empathy means the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness is behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Honesty is truthfulness.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
29. B
Cheating. Cheating is dishonest behavior that involves tricking or misleading others. Mary is misleading her company by asking it to reimburse her for more meals than she paid for. She is not borrowing money, which is obtaining funds through a loan that will be repaid. She is not in compliance with the company's rules but breaking them. Her expense account is actually inaccurate.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Wells, J.T. (2003). The padding that hurts: Auditors cannot ignore expense account cheating by management in Journal of Accountancy vol 195, Issue 2, pp. 67-69.
30. C
Internal. This is information you obtain by constantly monitoring your own actions. External feedback comes from others, directly or indirectly. Although people often obtain ongoing feedback, eternal feedback does not exist.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
31. D
Believe they have no control over their behavior. Some people have the mistaken idea that their behavior is controlled by their circumstances. They behave in a certain way in response to their situation. Being able to confront others, to refuse others, and to believe your ideas are as important as others' ideas are characteristics of assertiveness.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. C
Each member agrees to the same course of action. A consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member—every member must agree to a decision or outcome. In consensus building, every group member has an equal level of power, so there are no leaders. Voting is a decision-making method in which votes are counted for or against an alternative, and whichever alternative has the greatest number of votes, wins. With consensus, no member wins because each member must agree with the decision. Majority rule is not a consensus because most, not all, of the members make the decision.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17—All Aboard!
33. B
Fear the unknown. A change leader is someone who has the ability to guide or direct others with the intention to transform or alter something. Change leaders often run into problems when people resist change. People resist change because they are afraid they won't be able to adapt to the change. People also resist change when they are content with the way things are, distrust the change leader, and like the status quo. When people are content with the way things are, they often do not share their ideas because by doing so, change may occur.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
34. C
Be a team player. Being a team player is a good way to earn the respect and trust of others. Being respected and trusted is an important part of developing effective political relationships within an organization. Others usually are willing to develop relationships with those who do what they say they will do, help the team, and put the goals of the organization before their personal goals. The grapevine often spreads rumors and false information. It should be avoided. It is not effective to go around the boss or ignore conflict. It is helpful to keep the boss informed and deal with conflict in order to correct problems.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 279-280]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
35. A
Increase sales. Credit encourages customers to buy more freely, which helps the business extending credit to increase its sales. Companies also offer credit as a way of gaining new business and ultimately increasing profits. Offering credit will increase expenses, but additional sales from credit transactions may be worth this additional cost. Liabilities and assets are not usually affected by the extension of credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: College of Business and Economics at Western Washington University (n.d.). Credit and collections. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.cbe.wwu.edu/SBDC/article.asp?i=15
36. C
Shows the parts of a business transaction. As a way to apply the double-entry accounting system when maintaining financial records, a T account shows the parts of a business transaction. It does not reveal motives, increase accuracy, or heighten awareness—though analysis of the parts of a business transaction may result in any of the three.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (pp. 73-74). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. B
Making a profit. Managers are responsible for making a profit, or return, on the business investment. This means that the business needs to take in enough money to pay its operating expenses, loans, and taxes and have money left over for the owner. Making a return does not involve earning a salary, receiving a bonus, or charging a fee. However, managers usually earn a salary and may receive a bonus if they help the business to make a significant profit.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
38. C
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. A balance sheet lists a business's assets, liabilities, and net worth at a specific point in time. Business accounting information often is summarized in a balance sheet to present the data in a form that businesses can use to make decisions. Fiscal policy is the government policy that sets levels of government spending and taxation. A sales forecast is a prediction of future sales over a specific period of time. A trade report provides information about exports and imports.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money
39. C
Borrow funds. A negative cash flow indicates that a business will need to borrow funds or withdraw cash from a bank account in order to continue operations. A negative cash flow means that the business is spending more money than it is taking in each month. A short-term solution to a negative cash flow problem is to borrow funds to cover expenses. Increasing prices might cause customers to buy elsewhere if they do not want to pay more for goods and services. Businesses experiencing periods of negative cash flow often lay off employees rather than hire new ones. Stopping discounts will not eliminate a negative cash flow situation because it might cause customers to buy elsewhere.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
40. D
Income statement. An income statement is a financial summary that shows how much money the business has made or lost. It is also called a profit-and-loss statement. A balance sheet shows a firm's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to the business. A sales budget is an estimate of expenditures related to sales.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
41. A
Money. Finance is the business function that involves managing money. It also encompasses all the tools and analysis that financial managers use to make the decisions involved in money management. The finance function does not manage information, marketing, or production—those are separate business functions.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
42. A
It allows you to have a year-long budget in place at all times. One advantage to rolling budgets is that there is always a year-long budget in place. As each month goes by, another one is added. A rolling budget does not require less effort than an annual budget, but the effort is divided up throughout the year. Rolling budgets do not set an unchangeable annual budget. Indeed, they are often more flexible than a typical annual budget because they are assessed more frequently. Managers consult rolling budgets more frequently, not less.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
43. C
Company handbook. Many businesses develop company handbooks that they give to new employees during the orientation process. The handbooks usually contain information about company policies and procedures and employee benefits and responsibilities. The information in the handbook answers many of the questions that new employees often have about the company. Annual reports and promotional brochures do not contain the type of business information that is useful to new employees. Application forms are completed before employees are hired and begin the orientation process.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Small Business Notes (n.d.). Employee handbook . Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/operating/hr/employeehandbook.html
44. B
Room accommodations that the guest has selected in the past. Although knowing the chef's specials and specialties, special events at the hotel, and the total number of booked rooms might be nice, that information would not be as useful in this situation as the guest's past room accommodations. Hotel staff could more successfully personalize the guest's stay if they knew such details as whether the guest prefers a smoking or non-smoking room, a handicap-accessible room, a king bed, a suite, etc.
SOURCE: IM:420
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Freeman, J.T. (2002). Hospitality marketing (pp. 174-175). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
45. D
Respondents are more likely to misunderstand online questionnaires. Self-administered questionnaires posted online have several advantages over other typical survey methods. For example, it takes much less time to enter and collect data via a questionnaire online versus other survey methods. As a result, data-entry and administrative costs are quite low. Also, because the interviewer is not personally reading survey questions to respondents, there is less chance of the interviewer influencing the questionnaire responses. However, because respondents are not interacting with live people while completing the questionnaire, the respondents have no one to explain the questions to them if they do not understand the questions. And, if they do not understand the online questions, there is a greater chance that respondents will not answer questions accurately, which can skew research results.
SOURCE: IM:297
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 179]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. A
Graphic presentation. Businesses often include research data in reports in order to communicate the information to others. To make the data more interesting and easier to understand, businesses often present the data in a graphic format such as in charts, tables, and maps. The graphic presentation of research data supports and reinforces the information that is presented in a written format. Research data displayed in charts, tables, and maps are not an example of simple tabulation, visual association, or functional distribution.
SOURCE: IM:347
SOURCE: Churchill, G., & Iacobucci, D. (2002). Marketing research: Methodological foundations (8th ed.) [pp. 948-949]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
47. C
To simplify complex information. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations that often include slides, video, graphics, sound, color, etc. The use of this type of software often helps business managers to present complex information in a simplified manner by displaying it in a visual format. For example, statistics can be presented in the form of a colorful pie chart, or a complicated production process can be shown on film. Used in conjunction with a report, the visual presentation helps readers to understand the information because they are able to see it. Spreadsheet software is used to analyze financial data. Word processing software is used to record minutes of meetings. Graphics and design software are used to design marketing materials.
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. C
Written reports. In most cases, business managers prepare written reports for other managers in the company to provide research information that will help with the decision-making process. Written reports usually are preferred because research information is often lengthy, technical, and complex. By presenting the research information in a written report, other managers have an opportunity to read, reread, and analyze the information at their convenience. Once they fully understand the information, they can use it to make decisions. Inter-office memos and e-mails often are short and do not contain a lot of detailed research information. Formal letters usually are sent to other businesses or customers rather than to other managers in the company.
SOURCE: IM:390
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 190). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
Product/service management. This marketing function involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Financing is not a marketing function but a business function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions. Purchasing is a business activity rather than a marketing function. Marketinginformation management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
50. D
Variable. Travel and tourism marketing involves the marketing of services to customers who participate in producing and experiencing the services. As a result, the service varies for each customer. For example, one person's experience with an escorted tour might be completely different from another person's experience. Furthermore, the way the service is marketed varies depending on the target market. For example, a travel agency might market a luxury cruise to senior citizens and a Disney cruise to families with young children. Consequently, the marketing varies, and the outcome is often unpredictable. It is not a precise, controllable, or standard process because of the many variables.
SOURCE: MK:013
SOURCE: Morrison, A. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 33-34]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson.
51. D
Marketing. A guest history record is created from the information that the guest provides on the hotel's registration card. It is used in such marketing efforts as compiling mailing lists or developing advertising strategies for the hotel. Another use might be to provide future services to that guest. The housekeeping, accounting, and personnel departments would not be likely to make use of this record in their work.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: UrVenue (n.d.). Guest history. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://urvenue.com/www_features/GuestHistory.html Pizam, A. and Holcomb, J. (2008). International dictionary of hospitality management (p. 127). St. Louis, MO: Elsevier Science & Technology Books.
52. C
Browser. A browser is software that allows a computer to access information on the Internet. It has the capability of searching for and locating information on the Web and displaying that information, which then can be printed or saved. Microsoft's Internet Explorer is an example of a web browser. Mozilla Firefox is another browser. A cookie is a bit of information that a web site collects about each viewer. A bookmark is Internet Explorer's term for marking a web site for later reference. A server is a computer that provides services to another computer.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Wikipedia.com (2009, August 10). Internet explorer. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer
53. B
Database. A database program allows the organized collection of information with pieces of information related to one another. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information. Spreadsheets, word-processing software, and computer-aided design do not perform the functions required by the hotel.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (n.d.). What is a database? Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://databases.about.com/od/specificproducts/a/whatisadatabase.htm
54. B
Tax laws. Hospitality and tourism businesses keep records about their income, expenses, and equipment depreciation because they are required by law to file tax returns. They must pay taxes on their income and assets; therefore, they maintain accurate financial records to avoid paying more taxes than necessary. Ethics codes are rules that govern behavior. Policies are general rules to be followed by company personnel. Objectives are goals.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
55. B
Plan future business activities. Customer records (e.g., invoices) help businesses determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. Analyzing past sales records (e.g., invoices) helps a business forecast future sales, which aids in planning other activities such as promotion. Businesses do not keep customer records so that they can negotiate with competitors. To obtain a favorable credit rating, a business must pay its bills when they are due. Maintaining records provides information about customers' purchasing habits, but the records themselves do not increase brand loyalty.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp.120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
56. B
Remain competitive. Current business trends, such as computerization and mass marketing, are constantly changing the way that companies do business. Businesses continually monitor these trends to develop new and better ways of producing products and serving customers. Businesses that fail to identify and respond to current trends may be unable to remain competitive because they are doing business the old-fashioned way when customers expect innovative techniques. Businesses do not identify and respond to current trends to control performance, encourage feedback, or improve motivation.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J. M., & Duening, T. N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices (2nd ed.) [pp. 5-6]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
57. A
Internal records. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Businesses monitor their activities on an internal basis. Trade publications, industry trends, and government statistics are examples of external data.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
58. A
Economic. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining political, economic, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect it, the business can take steps to ward off threats and to take advantage of opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Economic factors provide information about the way a country earns and spends its money. Information that reveals information about consumer spending habits is an economic factor. Political factors that a business might examine include changes in regulations and the laws that govern how the business operates. Information about demographics or lifestyles falls into the socio-cultural category. Technological factors often include information about advancements in technology, such as computers and satellites.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. B
Flexible work schedules. The work schedules of employees throughout the world are becoming more flexible as businesses allow them to work from home, work compressed work weeks, and work part-time. As a result, employees have more time to plan leisure and travel activities. For example, there is a trend towards weekend getaways and short trips planned on the spur of the moment. This trend impacts the hospitality and tourism industry by increasing demand for facilities that people can reach quickly. It also increases demand for services to identify and book travel options. The movement of the population is growing, diversity is increasing, and technology is expanding.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [pp. 569-570]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
60. A
Employees can reduce their risk for accidents by practicing good health habits. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly, are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. It is easier to create a safe work environment than to prevent humans from making mistakes. Many work-related deaths are caused by accidents involving motor vehicles. In many of those cases, substance abuse was involved. Leg muscles should be used to lift heavy loads in order to reduce back strain.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: The Institute of Medicine (2003). The future of the public's health in the 21st century (pp. 275-292). Washington, D.C.: National Academies Press.
61. D
Specific credit-card procedures. To prevent point-of-sale fraud, businesses establish detailed steps or procedures to follow when accepting credit cards. These include checking the card's expiration date, the status of the card, and comparing the signature on the card with the customer's signature. Use of procedures for making bank deposits helps to prevent robberies. Development of guidelines for unlocking display cases and techniques for monitoring hard-t o-see areas of a business help to prevent shoplifting.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: University of Lethbridge (2007). Fraud P&D tip - Theft of cash at point-of-sale. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.uleth.ca/audit/Fraud%20Prevention%20and%20Detection/fraudpd2.htm
62. C
Prepare a report. When a project has been successfully completed, it's a good idea to have a final meeting. Group members often will have suggestions for improvement that the manager can include in a report. Managers usually prepare some type of brief report that explains the project, what worked, and what didn't work. This is particularly helpful if the project is one that will be completed again. The information in the report will make next year's project much easier to plan and manage. In many cases, there is no front office to close. Managers do not actually give up power or authority. The project they were in charge of is simply over. After the project has been completed, managers often obtain feedback from the group to include in a report.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
63. D
Purchasing. Purchasing is a business function which involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Personal selling is planned, personalized communication designed to influence purchase behavior and to ensure satisfaction. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relations in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
64. B
Medical kit and cellular phone. Medical kits should contain items needed to initiate emergency care (e.g., a splint). Depending on the location of the accident and the extent of the injury, a cellular phone would be useful to call for additional help and transportation of the injured party. A toolbox, flashlight, map, and compass may be helpful but are not the primary items needed for the described situation. Most first-aid or medical kits include nonprescription pain relievers, such as Ibuprofen, rather than medication prescribed by medical doctors.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Brouhard, R. (2006, October 1). First aid kits: Building and storing your first aid kit. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://firstaid.about.com/od/emergencypreparation/qt/1staidkit.htm
65. D
To increase profit. Decreasing expenses is perhaps the best way that businesses can help to increase profit. A business's profit is significantly affected by its expenses. The more a business's expenses decrease, the greater the profit. Businesses try to decrease expenses without affecting their level of service. Promoting efficiency often helps businesses to decrease expenses. Expanding sales while decreasing expenses usually leads to increased profit.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Manning, S. (2009, July 29). Meltdown 101: What companies do to cut costs. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.wtop.com/?nid=111&sid=1728610
66. C
Selling goods. Selling goods involves planned, personalized communication intended to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities. It is not a maintenance function. The maintenance department makes periodic inspections and repairs of various machines, elevators, air conditioners, and heating systems to keep them in good working order. The maintenance department also makes seasonal or permanent changes to the hotel's physical layout, as the business requires.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Bardi, J.A. (2007). Hotel front office management (4th ed.) [p. 81]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
67. C
Antirobbery systems. Since robbery is a violent crime involving the use of force, retailers train employees in coping with robbers and also install antirobbery defense systems intended to discourage and apprehend robbers. Panic buttons are hidden alarms that can silently alert security or police, while video systems are visible, closed-circuit TV monitors that are focused on the cash drawer. Cash-control devices, such as safes, make it more difficult, if not impossible, for a robber to get access to cash. Customer interactive systems may be a kiosk, which allows the customer to browse merchandise by touching prompts on the screen. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. PlayStation and Xbox are types of electronic games and do not include panic buttons, video systems, and cash-control devices.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: PBS (2004). Annual report (p. 37). Retrieved August 12, 2009, from www.pbs.si/FileBroker.aspx?Id=904
68. A
Bid process. Businesses often ask several vendors to submit prices before making a purchasing decision in order to obtain the best price. This is an example of managing the bid process because vendors submit their prices and qualifications for providing the requested items. The vendors' goal is to win the bid, and the business's goal is obtain the best price. Businesses that ask several vendors to submit prices before making a purchasing decision are not managing the operating system, inventory plan, or stock method.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Van Weele, A.J. (2002). Purchasing and supply chain management: Analysis, planning and practice (3rd ed.) [pp. 52-55]. London: Thomson Learning.
69. A
The business's image. Most businesses have a particular image and expect their employees to conform to that image, whether it tends to be formal or casual. Dressing according to personal taste, self-concept, or in the latest fashion would not always be appropriate business attire.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
70. A
Specific. Goals should be as specific as possible, not stated in general terms. A time limit should be set for achieving the goals. These guidelines apply to both simple and complex goals.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
71. A
Work. Eric's uncertainty over how to handle his riding student is a work problem, since it occurs at his place of employment. Problems at work can be diverse. They can involve people, processes, and technology. Eric's problem isn't personal because it doesn't affect him or anyone close to him directly. It isn't peer-related because it involves a young student instead of a friend or classmate. And, it isn't related to school, either.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem
72. A
Friends. Letting friends and acquaintances know that you are looking for a job is one of the most effective methods of locating job leads. These people often will be willing to pass on information about new openings, resignations, and retirements they learn about. Retirees, nonworkers, and minors usually are out of the mainstream of the employment scene and would not have information concerning job leads.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 112-113). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. B
Yes, he should already have sent a follow-up letter. A follow-up letter should be sent as soon as possible after a job interview. Since the company has had time to make a hiring decision and notify Matt of its choice, we can assume that he did not write immediately following the interview. However, it is never too late to send a follow-up letter. Businesses do not generally expect to hear from job applicants after an interview, but they receive a positive impression of those who do write.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 71-72]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
74. B
Trade journals. These publications, also known as trade papers, enable businesses to keep abreast of current trends in the field. Consumer panels are composed of individuals who provide the business with information about consumers' opinions and reactions to products. Consumer surveys are usually in the form of questionnaires or interviews conducted by businesses to obtain feedback from consumers. Trade journals contain market information, but they are not called market papers.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 240). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
75. D
Network with others who have expertise in the industry. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area who form a society to solve their common problems. Because Lisa is a business owner, she might join a hospitality and tourism trade association to network with others who work in the hospitality and tourism industry. By networking with others who have expertise in that industry, Lisa has an opportunity to get ideas that will help her business grow. She may also get advice about how to solve problems and deal with difficult issues that occur in the industry. Although some trade associations provide certification, they are not a means to earn a college degree. A trade association might help Lisa locate financial sources, but it would not extend credit to her so she can purchase equipment. As a business owner, the primary reason Lisa should join a trade association is to discuss professional business with colleagues rather than personal issues.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Freeman, J.T. (2002). Hospitality marketing (pp. 294-295). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
76. B
Motel. Hospitality and tourism involves activities such as welcoming special guests and providing sleeping accommodations for people who are away from home. A motel provides this service. An airline provides a service that transports travelers to their desired destinations. A tour wholesaler plans and prepares packages for travelers; the packages include a combination of accommodations, transportation, entertainment, and meals. A restaurant sells food and beverages to travelers.
SOURCE: PD:111
SOURCE: Silva, K.E., & Howard, D.M. (2006). Hospitality and tourism (pp. 5-9). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. A
Hidden costs. In many cases, there are hidden costs associated with hospitality and tourism products that have an effect on the total price. For example, a resort package might include meals and some activities but charge for beverages and certain specialties. The price of renting a car might not include the cost of gasoline or excess mileage. These additional costs need to be considered because they have an effect on the final price and may even make the final price extremely expensive. Personal preferences, unique values, and past experiences are not factors that have an effect on the prices of hospitality and tourism products; however, they can affect a customer's total costs.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Todd, G., & Rice, S. (2002). Travel perspectives: A guide to becoming a travel professional (3rd ed.) [pp. 188-189]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
78. C
Board game. If your Welcome Center specializes in selling community-based products that can be promoted throughout the year, you should buy the board game. The board game is a community-based product because it was developed by the local chamber of commerce. Also, it can be promoted throughout the year because it is not related to a specific holiday or time period. The other products are community-based, but they have time limitations, and customers would only want to purchase them during certain seasons of the year.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Cash, R. P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J. W., & Friedlander, J. S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 168-173). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
79. C
Transportation. In the hospitality and tourism industry, the core product is the primary service that is provided. In the case of cruise lines, the core product is transportation because that is what the cruise lines are selling. Cruise lines are offering the service of transporting passengers from one location to another. In conjunction with transportation, some cruise lines offer food service. Some cruise lines offer movies and music to entertain passengers, but entertainment is not the core product. Luggage handling is available to passengers who check their luggage. However, luggage handling is not the core product. Customers pay for transportation, not for food service, entertainment, or luggage handling.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Morrison, A. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 250]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson.
80. C
Product extensions. A product extension is a good or service added to an existing product line or product category. An example is a hotel chain adding a new line of hotels. Valet service and full-service dining can be found in many upscale hotels but not at an economy facility. A company that owns more than one type of hotel and offers different levels of service or amenities have extensions from the main product (hospitality services). Market potential refers to estimated revenues or income that can be generated from a specific market segment. Franchising is a method of distributing goods and services through a licensing arrangement between a parent company and another individual or company outside the parent company. Multicorporate franchising is not a term used in the hospitality and tourism industry. Property management systems are the central computer or technological systems that a hotel uses.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2002). Marketing (pp. 268-269). Mason, OH: South-Western.
81. A
The dependability of the supplier. The supplier's reputation for delivering the goods that were ordered at the time promised is a very important factor. The restaurant will suffer if the supplier is not dependable. The supplier's market share, or portion of the industry market, would not be a consideration for the restaurant. The restaurant's operating expenses are the costs of running the business and do not include cost of goods. Tying agreements that require the purchase of certain goods in order to get others are illegal.
SOURCE: PM:263
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [pp. 512-513]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
82. A
Noninteractive content. Noninteractive content is basically static. There are no audio files to listen to or videos to watch. Plain text e-mail used in correspondence between friends, family members, and coworkers is a good example of noninteractive content. This type of e-mail is static rather than nonstatic because it contains only fixed text rather than graphics, sound, or video. Marketers send personalized emails in an attempt to make customers feel special. Specific types of software programs are needed to operate e-mail.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13—E -Mail as a Marketing Tool
83. D
To affect a mood. The use of color in advertising can affect people's moods or feelings. The colors you choose to use in advertisements influence the people seeing the ads. The use of color increases the cost of an ad, but advertisers often feel the expense is offset by the increased reader response. Color is used to emphasize products and attract attention to them. Using color in ads does not increase media circulation.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: GardenGates (n.d.). How to use color in advertising. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4785186_use-color-advertising.html
84. B
Type. The lettering used in an advertisement is type. The effective use of type is an important aspect of typography. However, typography involves more than the type or lettering. It involves the style and size of type as well as the space between letters or words. Typography has a significant effect on the look of an ad and helps to convey a message and express a certain feeling. Typography does not involve the use of art, copy, or the media.
SOURCE: PR:295
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [p. 547]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
85. D
Using a large visual. The purpose of creating effective advertising layouts is to design an ad that attracts attention. An important part of creating effective advertising layouts often involves using a large visual because large visuals attract attention. A large visual might be a photograph, an illustration, or another type of image that is appropriate for the product and the target market. Selecting a slogan, writing a signature, and developing a message are activities that take place before the advertising layout is created.
SOURCE: PR:275
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 429-430). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. A
Modify existing photographs. There are many types of drawing media available that have different capabilities. Certain types of drawing media make it possible to modify existing photographs. With the use of these programs, it is possible to remove or add people, eliminate red-eye, change the background, combine photographs, etc. Graphic designers have the ability to create exactly the photograph they want to use in an advertisement. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations. Word processing programs are used to design meeting announcements. Communications programs are used to create interactive communications.
SOURCE: PR:334
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 200-201). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
87. D
Color harmonies. The various colors in an ad need to go together, or be in harmony, for the ad to be visually appealing. Color is an important element of an ad bec ause color attracts attention and helps to create a mood. Therefore, it is important to use colors that go together well and create the desired look. Storyboard is the outline of a television commercial. Production costs do not impact the composition of a print ad because composition involves the design of the ad. Dialogue is important in television commercials and radio spots.
SOURCE: PR:314
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-524]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
88. D
Close. The close is the action step in a print advertisement. A good close will ask a reader to respond in some way. A brand is a name, term, symbol, or design that identifies a product and distinguishes it from competitors' products. A slogan begins as a successful headline and through continuous use becomes a standard statement, such as AT&T's "Reach out and touch someone." A seal, such as that awarded by the Good Housekeeping Institute, is awarded only when a product meets established standards.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 422]. Boston: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
89. A
Check for and mark all errors in the ad. The proof should be precisely as the advertiser planned. If it is not, all errors should be marked for correction. However, proofing is not an opportunity to make changes to the advertisement—only corrections. Product availability and competitor pricing should have been considered prior to development of the ad.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Port Stephens Tourism Limited (n.d.). Port Stephens visitors guide. Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://www.portstephensvisitorguide.org.au/?act=showdoc&id=1&fv=freeview
90. B
Promotion. Promotion refers to the various types of communications that businesses use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Participating in community outreach activities might be considered a form of promotion because the activities often receive publicity which benefits the businesses that participate. Businesses are often recognized by the media for their participation, so people in the community become aware of the businesses and their community involvement. This reminds people of the businesses and often encourages them to become customers because the businesses are supportive of the community. Participating in community outreach activities is not considered a form of customer service or target marketing. Businesses might receive publicity as a result of participating in community outreach activities.
SOURCE: PR:341
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-137). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. C
Using a news release. A news release is a factual announcement sent to the media to be used as a news item. Businesses use news releases so that they can inform the public about their operations without having to pay a fee. A business that uses a public relations agency pays the agency to prepare the news release. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 348]. Boston: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
92. B
Create a mailing list. A restaurant can purchase or create a guest book that has a place for customers to sign their names, provide their addresses, and indicate if they want to be put on the mailing list. This information provides an easy way to send out promotional materials to customers who have already expressed an interest in the restaurant. Publicity is obtained through press coverage and word-of-mouth advertising. A "soft opening" allows a restaurant to work out problems with service before its "grand opening." Because not every customer will sign the guest book, a more accurate count of attendees can be obtained by physically counting the number of people who walk through the doors.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Rainsford, P., & Bangs, D.H. Jr. (2001). The restaurant start-up guide (2nd ed.) [pp. 125-126]. Dearborn Trade.
93. D
Many levels of menu items that rise to a narrow point. A pyramid display arrangement involves a base and many levels that taper towards the top. The display actually looks like a triangle. It is an effective method of displaying all types of merchandise, such as menu items. The pyramid shape attracts attention and makes the items appear more interesting. Three rows of menu item pictures might be a step display, which is similar to the pyramid display arrangement. A large basket of menu items and shelving that holds an assortment of menu items are not examples of the pyramid type of display arrangement.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Griner, C. (2004). Floriculture (pp. 414-417). Albany, NY: Delmar Thomson. Elements of design (n.d.). Retrieved August 12, 2009, from http://classjump.com/nicole_rogers_harrison/documents/Elements%20of%20Design%20Work sheet.doc
94. A
Maintaining. Since in-store displays are an important factor in motivating customers to buy, retailers cannot let their displays become stagnant. They must constantly find new ways to display, updating them with new ideas and fresh merchandise to keep customers' interest. In some cases, simply moving a display to a new place may freshen it up. Moving, storing, and tearing down displays do not involve presenting fresh merchandise and keeping displays spotless. These are definitely maintenance activities. However, even when moving or storing displays, for instance, you should keep them as clean as possible and in good condition.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Bond, R. (2001). Retail in detail (2nd ed.) [pp. 73-80]. Grants Pass, OR: OasisPress.
95. B
Marriott provides a home page on the Web and offers online booking for locations worldwide. The Internet provides companies the opportunity to promote directly to customers all over the world. Choice Hotels' various product offerings in this example illustrate the marketing element of price. The marketing element of place is illustrated in the American Hawaii Cruise Lines example. While Amazon.com illustrates promotion, it is not an example of promotion in the hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [pp. 92-93]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson
96. C
Package. These arrangements can consist of anything from sports packages, to theater, to getaway weekends. A group plan is when a hotel gives discounts for large groups of people staying at the hotel. A budget plan covers the costs of operating the hotel. An advertising plan is a plan to promote the hotel.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2000). Check-in, check -out (6th ed.) [pp. 47-50]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
97. C
Suggestion. Suggestion selling is a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by suggesting additional products after the original decision to buy has been made. An example of suggestion selling in a restaurant would be to suggest a basket of onion rings or an order of mushrooms to accompany a steak. Substitute selling involves suggesting something other than the original request when the business does not have the item requested. There is no pressure implied in this situation, and suggestion is a legitimate and appropriate sales technique.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: Farese, L.S.; Kimbrell, G.; & Woloszyk (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 321-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe.
98. D
Approach. The approach is the beginning of a sale when the customer and the salesperson first communicate. The salesperson cannot demonstrate a product until s/he knows what kind of product the customer needs. The close is the point in the selling process at which the customer makes a favorable buying decision. Follow-up is all the sales activities which occur after a sales presentation or a sale has been made to ensure customer or user satisfaction.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Futrell, C.M. (2006). Fundamentals of selling (9th ed.) [pp. 308-309]. Boston: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
99. D
Baby-sitting. If child care is offered by a hotel, employees might advise guests with young children about the service. By providing baby-sitting services, the hotel provides the parents with options allowing them to attend adult functions (e.g., theater productions, meetings, formal dinners). A courier provides delivery service. Dining information is usually available to all guests, not just to guests with young children. An interpreter is a person who translates different languages.
SOURCE: SE:221
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2000). Check-in, check -out (6th ed.) [pp. 78-79]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
100. A
Follow the instructions on the computer terminal screen. Today, with so many procedures to follow, amusement park cashiers are fortunate to be able to use electronic terminals. For special transactions, terminals provide step-by-step "prompts," or instructions, for cashiers to follow. This makes the process quick and accurate and allows cashiers to concentrate their energies on interacting with and helping customers, not trying to learn various special procedures. There should be no need to ask a supervisor to demonstrate the process since the terminal will do it. However, if the cashier needs help, it is a good idea for the cashier to consult the supervisor. Keeping written notes in company files will slow down the assistance given customers. Following prompts on the computer screen also should make it unnecessary to look through operations manuals. This should only be done if the cashier has a problem and only after s/he has helped the customer and sent the person on his/her way.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: Automators Technical Services (2007). Advantages of Automators POS system. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://automators.us/pos -advantage.html
Test ST-HOTR-10B
Hospitality And Tourism Cluster Exam
1. A
To provide justice. One of the main goals of law in the United States is to provide justice to all by enforcing rules that have been established by government. Law in the United States is not intended to limit freedom, control society, or monitor power. The law helps to guarantee freedom in a society that is fair to all.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 2-3]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Joint venture arrangements are usually short-term relationships. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources, such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties. The relationship is usually short-term and involves the execution of a single project or transaction. A joint venture arrangement can be used by virtually any type and size of business. Although it is a good idea to have an attorney draw up or review a contractual agreement between both parties, it is not usually required in the United States.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. C
Personnel-related. These standards involve hiring security personnel and/or training hotel staff members to report and deal with criminal activity. Physical-related and property-related security standards involve locking, lighting, and monitoring systems. Procedure-related standards involve monitoring criminal activity and establishing a system for making guests aware of dangerous areas around the hotel.
SOURCE: BL:065
SOURCE: Chon, K., Sparrowe, R. (2000). Welcome to hospitality: An introduction (2nd ed.) [p. 99]. South-Western.
4. B
Length. The more intermediaries between producer and consumer, the longer the channel. The factors that affect channel length are the product, producer, market, and intermediaries. The other alternatives do not apply to channel measurement.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Most customers are only willing to pay a certain price. Businesses not only need to make their products available, but they also must sell them at a price that customers are willing to pay. If a product is not priced appropriately, customers usually will not buy even if the product is widely distributed. Therefore, it is important for businesses to coordinate the marketing activity of price with distribution. Businesses must set appropriate prices that customers are willing to pay, and have the products in stock when customers want them in order to successfully sell to customers. Selecting a mode of transportation and obtaining warehouse space are not reasons why businesses coordinate distribution with pricing. Not all customers expect to receive significant discounts.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 384-385]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
6. D
Smiling broadly. Nonverbal communication uses body language to express feelings or opinions without words. A broad smile is an indicator of approval and/or agreement with what is happening or being said. All of the other alternatives are forms of body language that have a negative context.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Futrell, C. M. (2006). Fundamentals of selling: Customers for life through service (9th ed.) [p. 155]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. A
Varying tone. Employees who answer the telephone for a business should not speak in a monotone but vary the tone of voice to reflect their interest and enthusiasm. Their voices should project sincerity, be easy to understand, and have a friendly tone. Decisiveness and stern control might give a negative impression.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 33-34]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
8. A
Transmittal. A transmittal letter should always accompany important business papers, such as contracts, that are sent by mail. The purpose of the transmittal letter is to let the recipient know exactly what should be contained in the package and if the recipient needs to take any action. A transmittal letter accompanying contracts should indicate how many copies are included and if the recipient needs to sign and return a copy. An acknowledgment letter acknowledges the receipt of business papers. A claim letter requests a solution to a problem. A request letter asks for information.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 167-168]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
9. C
Identify the audience. Before writing informational messages, business employees need to know who the audience is so they can present the message in a way that is relevant to that audience. For example, one audience might be the business's customers while another audience might be the business's investors. The message a business employee sends to customers is very different from the message that will be sent to investors. Before writing informational messages, employees do not need to plan a response or wait for feedback. In most cases, the message will generate a response or feedback from those who read it. The medium is the written message.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 187-188). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
10. C
Logical evidence. Messages usually are more persuasive if they are supported by logical evidence. Logical evidence is based on fact rather than on opinion. If businesses are writing persuasive messages to encourage customers to do something, such as buy a product, they should include logical evidence to make the message more convincing. Businesses should avoid using strong language because it may offend readers. Typeface and graphic design are visual elements of the message rather than part of the content.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 335-336]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. D
Think about what they want to say before they say it. Employees should be able to express themselves to their coworkers. However, they should always think about what they want to say before saying it so that they do not cause problems or misunderstandings. Legitimate complaints or problems about the job should be discussed with the supervisor, not coworkers. Rumors and gossip should not be passed on to coworkers as they may not be true and could cause harm. A nondirective approach is best in communicating with angry coworkers as it helps to defuse their anger.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. D
Explain policies to customers. Employees need complete information about policies in order to explain them to customers and to be able to answer customers' questions. Management is responsible for providing employees with thorough information about policies. Writing company operating manuals is the responsibility of management, not of employees who deal with customers. Employees do not need a thorough knowledge of business policies in order to schedule personal leave. A business's policies would not be discussed with competitors.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Stirtz, Kevin. Train your employees to grow your business. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://smallbusiness.dnb.com/marketing-advertising/marketing-techniques/5196913-1.html
13. C
Dishonest. These customers try to take advantage of salespeople. One tactic used by dishonest customers is to try to confuse the salesperson into returning more change than they are entitled to receive. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Domineering/Superior customers are overly confident and feel they know more and are better than the average person.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
14. B
Place. The concept of place (distribution) in the hospitality and tourism industry involves delivering the hospitality and tourism product to the customer. In this example, the product is transportation that the motorcoach provides by driving passengers from one destination to another. For distribution to occur, the customer must participate in the experience such as go on the bus trip or visit an attraction. A motorcoach driving passengers from one destination to another is not an example of sales, demand, or supply in the hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: DS:075
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 339-341]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
15. B
Training. There are a number of reasons that human resources might be limited even though the population of the world continues to grow steadily. One reason is a lack of training that prevents potential workers from filling certain jobs. Although jobs are available, there may be a shortage of trained workers to fill them. A lack of equipment, technology, and research often prevent countries from tapping their natural resources even if there are unlimited human resources to do the work.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). Internationalbusiness: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [p. 551]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
16. B
Elastic. Elastic demand is a form of demand for products in which changes in price correspond to changes in demand. Inelastic demand is a form of demand in which changes in price do not affect demand. Demand for nonessential items fluctuates and is not predictable.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. B
Increasing worker efficiency. Efficiency is the ability to use minimum amounts of resources to the best advantage. Increasing worker efficiency results in greater production and a lower cost for each unit sold. This leads to more profit. Hiring more workers and extending working hours could reduce profits by causing higher unit costs. Higher prices might lower demand for the product and result in an even lower profit.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
18. B
New companies. Competition encourages new businesses to enter the marketplace. When a product is popular and successful, others recognize the demand and develop similar products in order to compete. The ongoing competition leads to the creation of new products and new companies. Businesses do not benefit from more regulations. Competition usually encourages the creation of businesses that are similar or related to successful, existing firms. Many resources are limited, which means that more cannot be created.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
19. D
Hopes they will become trading partners. Trading partners are nations that sell their goods and services to each other. There are many emerging nations that lack the skilled workers, advanced technology, and capital resources needed in order to become strong nations. The United States has the ability to help these countries in many different ways, and it does so in the hopes that they will eventually become trading partners. Because the United States is already an important world power, it is expected to provide all kinds of assistance to less-fortunate countries; but that is not the basic reason it offers aid.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: O'Sullivan, A., & Sheffrin, S.M. (2003). Economics: Principles in action (p. 487). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
20. A
Increase. With an increasing gross domestic product (GDP), more income, capital, and jobs will be generated. This will increase the need for loans. Stabilizing the amount of money available for loans at the same level would not be wise in an expanding economy.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: O'Sullivan, A., & Sheffrin, S.M. (2003). Economics: Principles in action (pp. 312-313). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
21. B
Valuable. Individuals with a high self-concept typically believe that they can make significant contributions in their endeavors. You may see yourself as aggressive or witty on such occasions, but not necessarily. Feeling unimportant is indicative of low self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 37). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. C
Not taking things that don't belong to you. Honest people don't take anything that doesn't belong to them, no matter how small or inexpensive. If they use company property, they return it. Making personal longdistance calls on the company telephone, sharing your employee discount, and not taking responsibility for your own mistakes are examples of dishonesty.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 259). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. B
Personal code of ethics. Sometimes, there are clearly stated rules to follow. Other times, situations may arise that are not covered by a rule or an office policy, and there may be more than one correct choice. At those times, employees must rely on their personal code of ethics to help them make the best decision. Employees should not rely on the opinions of coworkers, or do what everyone else does. Ethical behavior is not controlled by local and state laws.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
24. D
Empathetic. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. By showing compassion and sharing a similar experience, you are demonstrating empathetic behavior. To be indifferent means that you don't care or wouldn't respond. To be critical means to find fault with your fellow employee's actions. To be impatient means not taking the time to listen or sympathize.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
25. C
Assertive. Assertive people express themselves openly, make requests freely, and refuse others when necessary. Aggressive people readily stand up for their own rights but show little regard for the rights of others. Passive people have difficulty standing up for their own rights. Dictatorial people want to control other people's actions.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
26. C
Productivity. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). The overall output of all employees is often increased when businesses use teams because workers who feel they are an important part of a team often work harder and produce more. Other reasons that teams are important to businesses are that they reduce costs and workplace conflicts. Teams do not increase procrastination—putting off until tomorrow what should have been done today.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork Skills)
27. D
Upcoming election. Employees should avoid discussing controversial topics with coworkers even during business-sponsored social functions. Controversial topics are subjects about which people have strong feelings, such as politics and elections. Discussing controversial topics may cause disagreement among coworkers that could carry over to the job and make it difficult for them to treat each other fairly. Sports, weather, and school activities are noncontroversial subjects that most people do not have strong feelings about and that can be easily discussed.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: HR LAP 24—Treating Others Fairly at Work
28. A
Installment loan. Loans that must be paid back in regular installments over a certain amount of time at a specified rate of interest are installment loans. They are frequently used to purchase costly items, such as automobiles, furniture, and appliances. Single payment loans are loans that must be paid off in a lump sum at a designated time in the future, possibly three months. Revolving credit loans are loans that are repaid on a regular basis in at least the minimum required amount. Cash payments are made for the full amount at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: Anentrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [p. 410]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
29. A
Government bonds. These bonds are issued by various levels of government, from the local to the national level. Government bonds are considered one of the safest types of investments because they are backed by the government. Although government bonds do not pay high interest rates, they are safe and a good investment for individuals who cannot afford to risk losing their investment. Penny stocks are very inexpensive, but their value can go up or down quickly. Commodities and precious metals are considered high risk investments because of the fluctuations in price and value.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 315-319). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. B
Transferring it. The promoter is transferring the risk to the attendee, though this does not relieve the facility or manager of the event from providing a safe environment. Not offering the event would be avoidance. Elimination of risk is virtually impossible. Retention means the promoter would keep, or retain, the risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Kaser, K., Oelkers, D.B. (2001). Sports and entertainment marketing (p. 273). SouthWestern Educational Publishing.
31. C
Check processing. The technology of electronic funds transfer makes it possible for customers to pay invoices electronically so the cash is transferred from their bank account to the business's bank account. This eliminates the need for the business to handle checks, fill out deposit slips, and send the checks to the bank for processing. The cash is available immediately, and the business does not need to wait for a check to be processed before it can access the funds. The use of electronic funds transfer to collect accounts receivables does not eliminate liquidity reporting, sales discounting, or payee outsourcing.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Cunningham, B.M., Nikolai, L.A., & Bazley, J.D. (2000). Accounting: Information for business decisions (p. 444). Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
32. C
Cost of goods sold. Cash payments are the specific sources of money flowing out of a business. Cash payments include cost of goods sold, variable expenses, and fixed expenses. Cost of goods sold is the amount of money a business pays for the products it will sell and often is a sizeable expense. Previous month's balance is the amount of cash a business has left at the end of the previous month. Total credit sales equal the amount of purchases that customers make on credit and will pay later. Interest from loans is income, often from credit sales.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
33. B
Financial documents. Because income statements are used to develop other financial documents, they must be as accurate as possible. For example, a business uses its income statement as the basis for preparing the cash-flow statement and the balance sheet. Businesses need many of these financial documents to obtain credit, borrow money for expansion, or sell stock to the public. The success of a company can depend on the accuracy of its income statement. Businesses do not use income statements to develop operating policies, research reports, or marketing activities.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. A
Income and expense. The main components of a budget are income and expense. Income is all the money received by a business from outside sources, such as from sales or investments. Expense is all the money that a business spends and includes items such as salaries, rent, insurance, and utilities. Profit and loss indicate the amount of money a business actually received or lost for a specified period. Assets are anything of value that the business owns, and liabilities are debts that the business owes. Cash flow is the movement of money into and out of a business. Net worth is the total value of the business.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
35. B
Human resources management. This is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. One way that computer technology impacts this process is by making it possible for businesses to post employment information online so it is available to job seekers in many locations at the same time. As a result, potential job applicants throughout the world have an opportunity to access the Internet and view information about job openings and, in many cases, complete online applications. Business development usually involves attracting more customers to increase sales. Corporate communications usually involves communication within the business. Organizational decision making involves making decisions about the structure of the business.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 647-650]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
36. D
Online industry reports. Secondary information is information collected by others. External secondary information is obtained from sources outside the hotel chain, such as competitors' web sites, government documents, or online industry reports. Guest-registration data or occupancy forecasts are internal sources of secondary information that are collected for one reason and may be used for other purposes, such as for marketing. Suggestion cards that the hotel collects from guests are an example of primary information, which is information collected for the purpose at hand-to obtain feedback about their experiences with the hotel's goods and services.
SOURCE: IM:421
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 116, 151-153]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
37. B
A list of customer names and street addresses sorted by area code. Whether simple or complex, a database is a virtual storage unit for information. While some businesses' databases contain vast amounts of data, other businesses' databases (especially small businesses' databases) house only basic customer data, such as customer names, street addresses, home telephone numbers, and birthdates. Nevertheless, even a small customer database can be used to generate a wide variety of lists and reports. For example, a customer database that contains only customer names, street addresses, home telephone numbers, and birthdates can be used to generate a list of customer names and street addresses sorted by area code. However, when performing queries on such a database, marketers are limited to only the information that the database contains. So, although it might be nice to develop a list of customer names and e-mail addresses sorted by last name, a list of customer names and cell phone numbers sorted by age, or a list of customer names and annual income sorted by zip code, the database cannot do so because it does not have customer e-mail addresses, cell phone numbers, or annual incomes on record.
SOURCE: IM:381
SOURCE: Power, C. (2009). Introduction to Microsoft Access 2003: Lesson one, chapter one. Retrieved July 23, 2009, from http://www.ed2go.com/demo2/l1c1.html
38. B
25%. It is important for hospitality and tourism businesses and organizations to measure and analyze the composition of various markets to determine how to best market their services to different market segments. The businesses or organizations' objectives, the market segment's demographics, and the size of the market segment affect how much money they will allocate to various marketing activities for a particular market segment. To determine the percentage size of the international market during peak season, first divide the number of domestic tourists during peak season by the total market to obtain the percentage of domestic visitors during peak season (562,875 ÷ 750,500 = .75 or 75%). Then, subtract the percentage of domestic visitors during peak season by the total market to obtain the percentage of international visitors during peak season (100 % - 75% = 25%).
SOURCE: IM:427
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 180-181]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
39. A
Provide the interviewers with training. It is important for hospitality businesses (e.g., resorts) to train interviewers to ask the appropriate questions in the appropriate manner. Training helps to reduce the risks associated with interviewer bias and error, which can affect the interviewees' answers. Asking only close-ended questions will not provide in-depth, qualitative feedback. Limiting the length of the interview and allowing the interviewers to develop and ask their own questions can negatively affect the integrity of the information the interviewers collect.
SOURCE: IM:328
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 474, 483-487]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. C
3. Mode is the value or number that appears the most often. It is the response given by the most people. In this example, the most people (10) said that they ate pizza 3 times a week. Therefore, 3 is the number or value that appears the most often. The average, or mean, is 2.2, and the range is 4.
SOURCE: IM:416
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Jr., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2000). Marketing research: A practical approach for the new millennium (p. 526). Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
41. D
Support report findings. Presentation software is used to produce multimedia presentations that often include slides, video, graphics, sound, color, etc. Because the information contained in reports is often technical or complex, businesses often prepare multimedia presentations to explain and support the report findings. The visual presentation often makes complicated information easier to understand as well as more interesting. The purpose of using presentation software to prepare multimedia presentations is not to use the presentation to maintain customer files, develop web sites, or access online resources.
SOURCE: IM:386
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. C
Survey results. The research process often involves surveying customers or vendors to find out how they feel about the company and its products. The survey results are often included in a written report to support the report findings and the recommendations. The survey results are research information that will help business managers make decisions because the surveys ask questions that usually pertain to a specific problem or issue that the managers are considering. Product announcements, brand names, and committee notes are not types of research information that would be included in a written report to help business managers make decisions.
SOURCE: IM:390
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 190). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. C
Promotion. This function involves communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. The major elements of promotion are advertising, personal selling, publicity, and sales promotion. Pricing is determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Production is the process or activity of producing goods or services. Distribution is moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
44. D
Service. Service marketing involves the marketing of service-oriented businesses and activities, such as food service. The restaurant is promoting its atmosphere and qualified staff who provide the service. Product marketing is the marketing of goods, such as the food entrees that the restaurant sells. Mass marketing involves appealing to the whole market. Target marketing is selecting specific markets and advertising to them.
SOURCE: MK:008
SOURCE: Fisk, R.P., Grove, S.J., & Joby, J. (2008). Interactive services marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 2-3]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
45. B
To prompt guests to return. Guest history records contain addresses from which the marketing division can prepare mailing lists. Promotional mailings can be sent to guests encouraging them to return to the hotel or motel. The personal information on the cards is also valuable in developing other promotional activities that will encourage return visits. The accounting division handles overdue accounts or turns them over to a collection agency. The other alternatives are uses of guest history records that are not part of marketing.
SOURCE: MP:034
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 150]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
46. A
To be ethical. Businesses gather and maintain a wide range of information, and some of this information may be private or confidential. For example, businesses may have personal information about customers and employees. Making sure that this information is secure is a matter of ethics. Businesses have an ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm to individuals. Businesses do not keep information secure to be secretive, beat the competition, or avoid publicity.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 204-206]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
47. C
Format. The format menu includes the font command that is used to change the size and typeface of text. The tools, edit, and view menus do not include this command.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Change the size of text. Retrieved August 18, 2009, from http://office.microsoft.com/enus/word/HP051894611033.aspx?pid=CH060830151033
48. B
Avoid developing credit problems. Keeping reliable accounting records helps hospitality and tourism businesses to avoid developing credit problems. It does not help businesses bring in more cash, although it may tell businesses how they are doing with specific details of monetary transactions. No record can prevent depreciation from occurring. Accounting records do not facilitate records retrieval in a disaster, but they are some of the important records that will need to be preserved.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
49. B
To forecast future sales. Businesses maintain a variety of records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing. These records are usually known as sales records. By analyzing past sales records, businesses can determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are purchasing to develop new displays, plan credit programs, or organize special events.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
50. A
To remain competitive. The business world is constantly changing, and new trends come and go on a regular basis. Businesses need to pay attention to trends and adjust accordingly in order to remain competitive. Business as usual is not effective in today's fast-paced and changing environment. The businesses that adapt and keep up with new trends are the ones that remain successful. Experimenting with new types of advertising is usually more effective than merely increasing the amount of advertising. Businesses do not need to be aware of new trends in order to hire personnel or identify resources.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Perreault, W. D., Cannon, J. P., & McCarthy, E. J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketingstrategy planning approach (16th ed.) [p. 654]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
51. B
Sales. Many businesses are implementing customer loyalty programs. The purpose of the program is to encourage customers to buy from the business by offering incentives or rewards. By asking the customers to complete questionnaires, the business collects information about the customers' purchasing preferences and habits. This information can help the business understand what it needs to do to satisfy customers, which often results in sales increases. Although the overall business benefits when sales increase, it is sales that receive the direct benefits by obtaining and monitoring customer profile information.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
52. D
Visitor. Visitor trends are studied so that the property can predict the number of upcoming reservations and bookings it is likely to receive based on such things as people's ages, incomes, marital status, and travel habits. Competitive trends identify the directions that other properties are moving, including their price adjustments, renovation plans, levels of service, and so forth. Trends in technology provide information about how computers, the Internet, and new equipment are likely to change the way in which properties operate. Industry trends give an idea as to the impact that other businesses are likely to have on the property, especially those (e.g., airlines, convention centers, and highway departments) in which the property depends upon for their success.
SOURCE: NF:048
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 116-118]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
53. C
To protect themselves and the business. Maintaining safety in the workplace is a way employees can help manage risk for the business and for themselves. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of financial loss to the business and bodily injury to workers. Maintaining safety can help to increase productivity and reduce absenteeism because fewer workers are likely to be off the job due to injuries. Workers who are safety conscious should receive the approval of management, but that is not the main purpose of being concerned about safety.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
54. B
Following the business's point-of-sale procedures. To prevent point-of-sale fraud, employees should be familiar with the types of fraud associated with credit cards, checks, and cash. Employees should follow these procedures in a consistent, step-by-step manner. Using the count-back method assures customers don't get too much or too little change. A customer's signature on a charge slip allows the business to collect the money from the credit-card company. Counting the cash in the cash drawer before shifts begin verifies the cash on hand.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R. C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 135-136). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
55. A
Set goals. It is important to develop a clear understanding of the project's objectives or goals. Without a clear understanding of the desired outcome, a project manager cannot effectively develop a schedule, negotiate terms, or monitor project progress.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
56. C
Interrelated. When purchasing does its job well, other departments can function properly. Purchasing, in turn, depends on other departments for information and expertise so it can do its job well. Therefore, the firm's departments can be viewed as interdependent, or interrelated.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
57. A
Qualified workers are retained. To compete with other businesses for competent workers, a business needs to be able to provide good wages and benefits to its workers. Businesses that save money by controlling expenses can use that money to offer good wages and benefits that attract qualified workers and help to retain them over time. Businesses that can't afford to offer these advantages may lose qualified workers to competitors. Controlling operating assets and increasing spending are not benefits to a business of offering good wages and benefits to workers. The impact of expense control on insurance payments cannot be determined.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: Anentrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [pp. 484-485]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
58. B
Customers get an impression of the restaurant from its dining room. Customers judge a restaurant not only for the food it serves but also on the basis of the cleanliness of the dining room. No matter how good the food may be, if the dining room is obviously not being kept clean, most customers will not return. They believe if the dining room is not being kept clean, the kitchen isn't either, and the food may be contaminated. There is no federal law covering restaurant maintenance and operation. It is easier for servers to move around in a clean and orderly room, but that is not an important reason to do regular housekeeping.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Front of House: Make your first impression a good impression. Retrieved August 19, 2009, from https://www.daydots.com/article.asp?HKEY=004&strPRODH=001&ArticleCID=30&ArticleID= 1
59. D
Terrorism. The current rise in terrorist activity is an employee safety issue in the hospitality and tourism industry. The industry is aware of the threat, but terrorism is difficult to control. Most hospitality and tourism businesses explain the issue to employees, and take measures to keep employees away from potentially unsafe areas. However, it is virtually impossible for the industry to prevent the threat of terrorism because it is beyond the industry's control. Accidents and robberies are safety issues; however, the hospitality and tourism industry has procedures to follow to reduce the risk and keep employees safe. Liability is the industry's responsibility for the safety of its employees.
SOURCE: OP:058
SOURCE: Goeldner, C.R., & Ritchie, J.R. (2003). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (9th ed.) [p. 568]. New York: John Wiley & Sons.
60. C
Cooperate quickly. Robbers are interested in obtaining money and leaving the business; therefore, business employees should cooperate with robbers and quickly obey their orders. In most cases, robbers will not harm employees or customers if their instructions are followed. It is wise not to alarm or excite a robber because the safety of employees and customers is more important than the money that the business might lose. Employees should not do anything to surprise or upset robbers such as try to slow them down or lock the register. Once the robbery is over, employees should notify the police.
SOURCE: OP:113
SOURCE: American Bankers Association (2005). Today's teller: Developing basic skills (p. 150). Washington: Author.
61. B
Travelers with disabilities. Being able to respond to emergency situations is an important consideration in the travel and tourism industry. Many people travel throughout the world, which means that natural disasters and fires are potential dangers. Handling these situations effectively will save lives. Therefore, most emergency procedures include a plan for identifying travelers with disabilities who may need special help in escaping a dangerous situation. Emergency escape and evacuation procedures do not include plans for identifying relatives of passengers. Local authorities are usually responsible for identifying hazardous materials. Identifying suspicious activities is a security consideration.
SOURCE: OP:119
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [pp. 534-535]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
62. D
Identify. The first step on your way to becoming more organized is to identify or make a written list of all things that need to be done. After the needs list is generated, one may classify, prioritize, and schedule how the activities will be done.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 300]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. C
Understanding. To set goals for yourself, you must have a clear understanding of what your skills and abilities are. Your goals will not be appropriate unless you know who you are, what you want to achieve, and what you are capable of doing. Self-centeredness is a form of selfishness. Self-consciousness is excessive focus on yourself. Self-importance is pride.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
64. A
Intuitive. There's more than one way to solve any problem. The approach you choose depends on your comfort level and experience with a particular approach. It may also depend on how you think best. People who rely on their intuition or instincts will probably choose the intuitive approach to problem solving. The seven-step method, mind mapping, and finding the root of the problem are all problemsolving approaches that require more structure and logical thought than an intuitive person would probably prefer.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem
65. D
Jeans. Certain types of clothing, such as jeans and T-shirts, are not appropriate attire to wear to interviews even though they may be acceptable on the job. Applicants are expected to wear clean, neat clothing that is not too casual or too unusual. A coat and dress shoes are examples of clothing that are always appropriate to wear to interviews. Jewelry in moderation is also acceptable.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 66]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
66. D
Interpersonal. A skill is the ability to perform a task that is developed through knowledge, training, and practice. Interpersonal skills are the abilities to communicate with others. As a manager, Raul must be able to communicate with different people with unique needs and personalities, so interpersonal skills are an important part of his job. Manual skills are tasks that a person does with his/her hands, such as typing or carpentry. Creative skills deal with the ability to generate unique ideas or products. People with mathematical skills can effectively manipulate and work with numerical data.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 266-267). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
67. B
Keep up with industry issues, trends, statistics, and research. Professional organizations typically offer current industry data as part of their service to members and the public. Professional organizations may offer continuing-education programs, but they are not college-degree-granting institutions. Travel professionals would not likely become members of an industry organization to get vacation advice, since they have such information available through their work. Industry organizations are generally made up of people who work inside an industry, not people in unrelated industries.
SOURCE: PD:061
SOURCE: Mancini, M. (1999). Selling destinations: Geography for the travel professional (3rd ed.) [pp. 102-120]. Albany, NY: Delmar.
68. B
Transportation. The development of rail, automobile, and air travel in the past 150 years has had the most impact on the growth in the hospitality arena. Business and leisure travel has dramatically expanded because the time, comfort, and ease of travel has improved. This, in turn, creates a demand for facilities to house a wide variety of travelers. The retail, lumber, and banking industries would be impacted by growth or decline of the hospitality industry. The higher demand for hospitality services would naturally result in a higher demand for financial backing, building materials for the facilities, and retail establishments for travelers.
SOURCE: PD:105
SOURCE: Vallen, G.K., & Vallen, J.J. (2005). Check-in: Check-out (7th ed.) [p. 4]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
69. C
Corporate image and positioning. This factor involves setting prices that are consistent with overall company image and position. The cruise line chooses to communicate a deluxe image and set prices well above average. Discriminatory pricing involves setting two or more prices to appeal to select target markets. The corporate objectives factor strives to set prices to meet objectives of profit levels, market share, or sales volume. Competitive pricing involves setting prices based on the good/service's of competition.
SOURCE: PI:039
SOURCE: Morrison, A.M. (2002). Hospitality and travel marketing (3rd ed.) [p. 525]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
70. C
Vendors. Vendors have a wealth of information about what competitors are buying and what is being reordered because it is selling well. They are generally happy to share their knowledge because they want to sell more goods. Want slips that record customers' requests, records of what has sold well in the past, and sales staff's experience with customers are all good internal sources of information that help in deciding what to buy.
SOURCE: PM:260
SOURCE: Cash, R. P., Thomas, C., Wingate, J. W., & Friedlander, J. S. (2006). Management of retail buying (pp. 57-58). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
71. C
Recipe information. Quick-serve restaurants often use recipe information to determine the quantity of food items to buy. For example, a recipe for cole slaw that serves 50 people calls for five heads of cabbage. If the restaurant expects to sell 150 orders of cole slaw, it will need to purchase 15 heads of cabbage to make the proper amount of cole slaw. Restaurants consider seasonal availability when determining when to buy food items because some foods will not be available during certain times of the year. Delivery methods and competitive bids are not factors that determine the quantity of food items to buy.
SOURCE: PM:261
SOURCE: Mill, R. C. (2001). Restaurant management: Customers, operations, and employees (2nd ed.) [p. 211]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
72. D
A hospitality and tourism product includes all goods and experiences that guests encounter. In the hospitality and tourism industry, product encompasses a wide variety of things. Product includes tangible items, such as a meal in a hotel restaurant and the bed pillows in sleeping rooms. Product also includes service. Service might include facility cleanliness and the timeliness and courtesy of room service attendants. The level of amenities is also part of the guest's overall experience. Heated swimming pools, saunas, and athletic facilities often influence the level of guest satisfaction with the hotel stay. Although service is a very important part of the hospitality product, it is not necessarily true that it is the most important. For example, a restaurant might have an attentive wait staff, but without tasty food with an attractive presentation, the guest's overall experience might not be positive. Members of the hospitality and tourism industry should identify the needs and wants of the intended target market before developing a product.
SOURCE: PM:081
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Motel Association. (2000). Lodging management program: Year two (p. 137). Lansing, MI: Author.
73. A
Arrange hotel accommodations and transportation. A travel agency has many resources to aid the client in making travel arrangements and in answering questions. The agency can make reservations for lodging facilities, airfare, or rental car. If traveling internationally, the travel agency can answer questions regarding visas, passports, and customs requirements. The travel agency does not negotiate airfare and hotel rates on behalf of the client. A business traveler already knows the arrival and departure dates as well as the travel destination; the travel agency does not make these decisions.
SOURCE: PM:095
SOURCE: Burke, J., Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Delmar/Thomson Learning.
74. A
Related to the original product. A product extension is an additional product, related to but different than, the main hospitality and tourism product. For example, the main product might be a cruise, while the product extension is a tour of the port city before departure. The product extension adds value to the original product and often meets the needs of customers. Product extensions are extras rather than necessary parts of the hospitality and tourism experience. Extensions are not necessarily expensive, such as a sightseeing tour of a city. Staff often suggest product extensions to meet customers' needs, not simply to generate income.
SOURCE: PM:099
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Albany, NY: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
75. C
Buy the products they need at the best price. The basic purpose of negotiation from the purchasing agent's point of view is to buy the products his/her company needs at the best possible price. This means negotiating not only price but shipping terms, discounts, and other appropriate concessions. Not all products have accompanying services. Most purchasing agents do not know what price has been offered competitors. Obtaining a contract is the salesperson's goal. Both oral and written contracts are legally binding.
SOURCE: PM:264
SOURCE: Van Weele, A.J. (2002). Purchasing and supply chain management: Analysis, planning and practice (3rd ed.) [pp. 17-20]. London: Thomson Learning.
76. B
They should include a call to action. Effective direct-mail marketing campaigns typically include a call to action, which is essentially an incentive that encourages customers to respond and take some action. Unless the direct-mail marketing campaign is extremely well planned and targeted at exactly the right customers, it is likely not to be highly cost-efficient. Direct mail is difficult to track unless customers are required to bring the ad or coupon to the business to take advantage of a special offer or discount. Even then, it is often difficult to determine all pertinent demographics regarding the respondents. To be successful, direct mail should be brief, not detailed. Customers should not have to spend a lot of time reading or studying the mail. Instead, the mailer should get its message across to customers as simply and quickly as possible.
SOURCE: PR:301
SOURCE: Wolfe, L. (2009). Direct marketing basics. Retrieved August 18, 2009, from http://womeninbusiness.about.com/od/marketingyourbusiness/tp/hub-directmarketing.htm
77. A
Search-engine friendly. Corporate blogs are typically used to draw attention to particular products and/or businesses. To attract readers to the blogs so that they learn about these products and businesses, the blogs must be search-engine friendly. Blog posts must contain key words and phrases that customers typically search for, and the links to these posts must appear early in search results. Rather than being updated once per month, effective corporate blogs are typically updated at least once per week. To appeal to a broad audience, corporate blogs should avoid jargon and technical language. Instead, effective blog posts tend to be easy to read and understand. A corporate blog does not have to be written exclusively by one author. Some of the most effective corporate blogs are written by multiple individuals with varying points of view and positions with their companies. Involving more than one author can prevent a blog from becoming bland and boring.
SOURCE: PR:281
SOURCE: Buildify. (2009, July 9). Positive qualities for a corporate blog. Retrieved August 18, 2009, from http://www.buildify.com/positive-qualities -for-a-corporate-blog/
78. A
Sponsoring a web site. Advertising online is very similar to traditional advertising and is intended to serve the same purpose. The most common forms of online advertising are banner ads, button, and pop-ups; however, sponsorships are gaining in popularity. When a business sponsors a web site, it pays for its name, and often a message, to appear on the site. Every time someone visits the site, they see the name and are reminded of the business. Giving away gifts is a type of sales promotion. Providing information is one of the functions of advertising. Hosting chat rooms is not an example of online advertising.
SOURCE: PR:164
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 342]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. B
Spam. Spam is junk e-mail that the recipient did not request and does not allow the recipient to request removal from the subscriber list. Spam is also known as Unsolicited Commercial E-mail. Many web sites, organizations, and newsgroups are currently working to make spam illegal. Viruses are programs designed to disrupt computer operations. Static text is a fixed, motionless body of information. Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information, such as junk e-mail.
SOURCE: PR:165
SOURCE: PR LAP 13—E -Mail as a Marketing Tool
80. C
Attract the reader's attention and create a mood. Color generally creates more visual stimulation than black and white. For example, an advertisement with a color photograph depicting a tropical vacation spot with white sand and crystal-blue water most likely creates a stronger desire to go to the beach than it would if it was presented in only black and white. The balance in the advertisement refers to the size and position of elements. Color does not necessarily mean that balance will be achieved with the illustration and headline. White space is considered an element of an advertisement and is not distracting. Using color in an advertisement does not necessarily eliminate the need for text or copy. An ad without text does not indicate who sponsored the ad. The sponsor tells you how to get the good or service being advertised.
SOURCE: PR:123
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 521-522]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
81. C
Amplified. Word-of-mouth marketing occurs when customers tell others of their satisfaction with a particular business. Amplified word-of-mouth marketing takes place when marketers purposely encourage their customers to share information about a business with others in their community. Clara's Pizza Parlor, for example, deliberately asks visitors to its web site to send information about the restaurant—in the guise of a postcard—to their families and friends. Organic word-of-mouth marketing is another word-of-mouth strategy. Organic word-of-mouth marketing occurs when satisfied customers voluntarily tell people around them about a business that they like, without the business prompting them to do so. Celebrities are sometimes used as a word-of-mouth strategy, but that is not true of this example. Inconspicuous word-of-mouth marketing is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PR:319
SOURCE: Word of Mouth Marketing Association. (2009). WOM 101: Organic vs. amplified word of mouth. Retrieved July 22, 2009, from http://womma.org/wom101/4/
82. B
Male professionals aged 22 to 29. Viral marketing typically involves creating an entertaining or informative image, video, or interactive game that can be shared electronically. Research indicates that students and young professionals are most receptive to viral marketing. While both young males and females respond well to viral ads in the form of images or video, young men tend to be more responsive to interactive games than young women are.
SOURCE: PR:312
SOURCE: Marketing Minefield. (2007). Building a successful viral marketing campaign. Retrieved July 22, 2009, from http://www.marketingminefield.co.uk/internet-marketing/viralmarketing/successful-viral-campaign.html
83. C
Informative copy can provide a detailed explanation of product features and benefits, while persuasive copy is used to change customers' minds or entice them to buy now. To use the right copy approach, first concentrate on the objective of the ad. What is it trying to accomplish? What is it trying to motivate customers to do? An informative style of copy can convey information effectively, while persuasive copy intends to move customers from one place to another—either by taking action or changing opinions or beliefs. Informative copy is effective in introducing something new, but that is by far not its only use. Both persuasive and informative copy can generate excitement when used in appropriate situations. Long discussions or issues are best addressed by informative copy, but this style has many other uses, too. Persuasive copy, on the other hand, can be hard hitting but can be equally effective when applied with a subtle touch. Informative copy can be either simple or complex, as can persuasive copy. However, in the most commonly occurring advertising situations, most forms of copy are usually more effective when simple rather than complicated.
SOURCE: PR:126
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 427-428]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
84. A
Prices in the ad. Proofing an ad involves checking all the words and numbers in the ad to make sure that they are presented correctly. Product prices should be checked carefully as advertising incorrect prices can be damaging for the business. The amount of white space is determined when the ad is designed. The date of publication does not appear on the ad but is stated in the contract. The publisher is also responsible for the page number on which the ad will appear.
SOURCE: PR:130
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 425-427). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. C
Community outreach activities. When hospitality and tourism businesses participate in community outreach activities, local residents learn of their participation often because of media coverage. As a result of the media exposure, local residents may become loyal customers because they appreciate what the businesses are doing for the community. For example, if businesses donate a percentage of sales to local charities, residents are encouraged to buy from those businesses because the money is going back to the community. Businesses do not build customer loyalty by participating in service-quality programs, marketing research studies, or industry-related meetings.
SOURCE: PR:341
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-137). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. B
A link on the Midwest Lodging Directory website. A directory is an online index of websites that share a common theme, such as lodging in the Midwestern United States. Since the bed and breakfast's target market lives in Indiana and Kentucky, the hotel needs to market itself in publications and on websites such as the Midwest Lodging Directory that reach honeymooners and married couples in both states. While e-zines are another option for marketing online, an article about the hotel in an e-zine for teenagers is unlikely to reach the right audience. An advertisement in the Indiana Adventures e-newsletter would probably reach a portion of the bed and breakfast's target market. However, it is not as likely to attract as much of the target market as the link on the Midwest Lodging Directory would. The U.S. Hotel and Lodging portal might be a popular starting point for searching the Web when someone wants to research lodging throughout the U.S., but its target audience is not likely to be as similar as the Elm Creek Bed and Breakfast's as the Midwest Lodging Directory would be.
SOURCE: PR:333
SOURCE: Wild, S. (n.d.). How to attract more people to your web site. Retrieved August 18, 2009, from http://www.e-jaz.com.au/tips/marketing.htm
87. A
Sends the release to a specific person at the newspaper. One of the guidelines to follow in preparing and disseminating news releases is to address them to the attention of a specific person. This helps to prevent the release from being shuffled from desk to desk and perhaps getting lost. The release should contain hard news if the restaurant wants it presented in the near future. Soft news is information that does not need to be announced immediately. Including a picture often helps to get information presented. Businesses should never suggest that the media should use their news releases as a payback for their purchase of advertising.
SOURCE: PR:057
SOURCE: How to write a news release that will get published. Retrieved on August 19, 2009, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5223416_write-news-release-published.html
88. A
Install in-store decor about the Dalmatian promotion. When fast-food restaurants select a promotional tiein, they should focus all their sales-promotion efforts on delivering a unified, coordinated message about the promotion. Painting the fast-food restaurant would be too costly. Using another animated character to greet customers would reduce the impact of the Dalmatian tie-in and confuse customers. Alternative toys to the Dalmatians should not be available during the promotion.
SOURCE: PR:068
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 416-418]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
89. B
Low prices. The purpose of creating mass displays is to give an image of low prices and to create an immediate sales response. High prices and expensive, quality merchandise are suggested when a display consists of only one or very few items.
SOURCE: PR:026
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 322-324). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. C
Dusting props. Displays must be maintained on a regular basis to keep them clean and attractive to customers. One of the housekeeping duties needed for the upkeep of displays is dusting props. Many displays contain props, such as furniture or racks, that may accumulate dust over a period of time. Regular dusting of the props will keep them clean and help maintain the overall appearance of the display. Sweeping aisles, removing trash, and washing floors are housekeeping duties associated with the entire store rather than with a display.
SOURCE: PR:052
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 393). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. C
Create demand for. Promotion, which is one function of marketing, includes advertising, selling, publicity, and events, such as giveaways and trade shows. Promoting a hospitality and tourism product through these methods stimulates interest, helping create demand. Distribution channels are outlets through which a product is available to customers, such as wholesale tour operators or retail travel agents. Determining a price is an important marketing decision that should take place before promoting a product. Branding is the aspect of marketing that deals with developing a recognizable name or image for a product or company.
SOURCE: PR:121
SOURCE: Goeldner, C., Ritchie, J., & McIntosh, R. (2000). Tourism: Principles, practices, philosophies (8th ed.) [pp. 621-634]. John Wiley & Sons.
92. C
To sell travel arrangements to prospective clients. Individuals who see an interesting brochure in a rack of tourism literature may not only pick it up for further examination but decide to purchase tickets for a trip, a tour, or on a cruise. In many cases, the clients might not have thought of visiting a particular destination on their own. Travel brochures are colorful and attractive, but their ultimate purpose is to sell trips. Most tourism literature provides an overview of an area rather than in-depth information. The business should not use literature to avoid answering questions but to stimulate them.
SOURCE: PR:082
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [p. 4]. Albany, NJ: Delmar/Thomson Learning.
93. C
Videos. Many travel agencies are developing displays that include videos to be able to graphically show people enjoying a destination or participating in a tour. The benefit of using videos is that it enables potential customers to see what they would see on a tour and to see what they might do at a destination. The videos are able to show action and excitement and create an atmosphere that attracts customers and increases sales. For example, a video of people white-water rafting or touring a castle is more interesting than a simple photograph. A display might include facts, testimonials from satisfied customers, and sample souvenirs; but these are static parts of a display and do not graphically show people participating in activities.
SOURCE: PR:162
SOURCE: Burke, J., & Resnick, B. (2000). Marketing & selling the travel product (2nd ed.) [pp. 211-212]. Delmar/Thomson Learning,
94. C
Greeting. The greeting approach creates a friendly atmosphere so that the customer feels welcome. A combination uses any combination of service, merchandise, and/or greeting approaches. A service approach is a polite question that indicates willingness to be of service to the customer. A merchandise approach is a comment or question that helps direct the customer's attention to the merchandise.
SOURCE: SE:110
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 281-282). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. B
Improved reputation. The use of product substitution can benefit a hospitality and tourism business by improving its reputation. When customers are provided the most satisfactory products, they have good feelings about that business and tell others about the service. By using product substitution, a business serves its customers well and enhances its reputation. Increased satisfaction and additional savings are ways that product substitution can benefit customers. Advanced ordering is not a benefit of product substitution.
SOURCE: SE:114
SOURCE: Greene, C. (2003). Selling: Business 2000 (p. 149). Mason, OH: South-Western.
96. B
Larger quantities. Customers can often save by purchasing in a larger quantity. The employee is not suggesting new uses or special occasions. The restaurant employee would not be concerned with related products, e.g., salad, until the original purchase is made.
SOURCE: SE:875
SOURCE: Fares e, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 264]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
97. B
Closing the sale. Buying signals are any indications that customers give that they are ready to buy. These may include facial expression, body language, or positive responses to the salesperson's remarks. Salespersons should watch for these so that they know when to ask for the sale. Approaching the customer is the first step in the selling process. Suggestion selling is a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by suggesting additional items after the original decision to buy has been made. A product demonstration shows the customer a product's features.
SOURCE: SE:046
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 314-315). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. B
Location of the property. People travel for many reasons, including business and leisure. The purpose of the trip, as well as the site location, often influences the selection process. For example, a businessperson traveling to meet with a customer might select a property close to the customer's office. A leisure traveler might select a beachfront resort hotel over a nearby roadside motel because it might offer more amenities geared to vacationers. A trucker, on the other hand, might select the roadside motel because of its easy access to the highway. Positioning strategies are methods that members of the hospitality industry use to create a particular image or standing in the marketplace. Although hotels use positioning strategies to appeal to customers, customers do not generally consider the specific techniques that businesses use to position products. A traveler selects a lodging facility based on his/her personal preferences, not the seller's (hotel). Although some travelers might consider tax rates when selecting a lodging facility, it is usually not a primary factor in the selection process. In addition, lodging facilities in the same general area most likely have the same tax rates.
SOURCE: SE:220
SOURCE: The Research Department of the Travel Industry Association of America. (2005). Leisure Travel Planning: How consumers make travel decisions. (p. 4). Washington, D.C. Retrieved on August 19, 2009, from http://www.tia.org/travel/leisure_es.PDF
99. D
Expiration date. Most quick-serve restaurants distribute coupons as a promotional technique to attract customers. These coupons generally contain an expiration date because the promotion will be in effect for only a certain length of time. When quick-serve restaurant employees accept coupons from customers, they should check the expiration date to make sure the discount is still valid. Honoring "buy one, get one free" coupons after they expire will be costly to restaurants because they will be giving away products for free longer than expected. Information about handling fees does not appear on coupons. Most coupons do not include a signature line. The payment type usually does not affect coupons.
SOURCE: SE:149
SOURCE: No author. (2004). Restaurant coupon details. Retrieved February 3, 2006, from http://www.savings-center.com/coupon/52364
100. C
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 6—Manage This!