Test 983
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. B
Whenever someone promises to do something in exchange for something. This exchange of money, things, time, ideas, etc., is what distinguishes a contract from a gift. Promising to give something to someone else is not a contract because no exchange occurs. Contracts can be binding whether or not money is involved, or whether they are drawn up by a lawyer or private individuals.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Legal Information Institute, Cornell Law School. (n.d.). Contracts: An Overview. Retrieved May 19, 2008, from http://www.law.cornell.edu/topics/contracts.html
2. D
Agent. Jenna is the agent because she is the person conducting activities and acting in the best interests for the principal, which is The Jones Company. An employer is a business that hires workers (employees) to perform business activities. In the example, Jenna is an agent, but not enough information is provided to determine if she is a Jones Company employee or independent contractor. A controller is a person who oversees the accounting aspects of a business.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Jennings, M.M. (2000). Business: Its legal, ethical and global environment (5th ed.) [p. 562]. Cincinnati: West Legal Studies in Business, South-Western College Publishing.
3. D
Inventory control. Inventory control is keeping track of the amount of stock that the business has on hand, sold, and on order. An effective inventory system helps to maintain an adequate stock level. Procurement is the acquisition of materials and/or services to ensure the operating efficiency of the firm's manufacturing and distribution process. Packaging is enclosing products in appropriate wrappings or containers before they are offered for sale. Exclusive distribution is distribution confined to one dealer in a certain area.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 355). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
4. C
Distribution. Distribution uses technology for storage, product handling, inventory control, and order processing. The use of new technology makes it easier for channel members to share information and track the distribution of goods. Technology in planning is often used to collect and analyze research information. Technology in pricing is often used to verify credit or debit a sale. Technology in promotion is often used to create advertising and unique displays.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 510). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
5. C
A small manufacturer enters a new market. Exclusive dealing occurs when a business forbids a channel member from buying a competitor's products. Many governments prohibit exclusive dealing because it restrains trade and competition. One exception is a small business entering a new market; it will not limit competition because it does not have a large portion of the market share. A company with a large market share engaged in exclusive dealing will restrain competition, which is illegal in many countries. In many locations, tying agreements and closed territories that restrain competition are illegal practices.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 402-403]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. B
Promotion. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. In order to successfully sell its product, a business needs to coordinate all the components of marketing, which include distribution, promotion, product, and price. For example, if a business develops an effective distribution system but fails to promote the product, customers will not know about the product or want it, although it is readily available. Orientation is job preparation or induction training for new employees. Production is the creation of goods and services from economic resources. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract customer dollars.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Lane, K. (2006). Marketing management (12th ed.) [pp. 18-20]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
7. B
Government publications. Government agencies and departments collect relevant information concerning many issues and publish the information in a written format. Therefore, government publications are a good source of relevant, valid written material that may be useful to businesses. For example, government agencies publish information about economic and employment trends that businesses use in the planning process. Internet chat rooms are sites on which individuals communicate with each other in real time and are not a source of relevant valid written material. Personal e-mails are messages to friends rather than a source of relevant, valid written material. Computer-generated memos do not necessarily contain relevant, valid written material.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. A
Achieve tasks. Business employees often are expected to apply written directions to achieve tasks, such as operating a new piece of office equipment. When applying written directions, it is effective to follow a step-by-step order to be able to perform the task correctly. Most written directions are explained in a step-by-step way because they must be performed in a certain order. Employees do not apply written directions to give commands, read materials, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (1999). Communicating for success (2nd ed.) [p. 113]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
9. B
Eliminating distractions. When Ramona focuses all her attention on the teacher's directions instead of on the students whispering around her, she is eliminating distractions. Ideally, you should receive directions in an area free of activity or noise, but that's not always possible. So, whenever you receive directions, focus your attention on what the speaker is saying. This will make it easier for you to communicate and get the directions right. In this situation, Ramona is not acknowledging directions, taking notes, or trying not to rush.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
10. A
Use visuals. It is often more difficult to give verbal directions than to provide written directions unless the information is fairly simple or familiar to the audience. To overcome the problem of giving verbal directions, it is often helpful to use visuals such as diagrams or charts. The visuals reinforce the verbal directions and help the audience to understand the explanation. It is not helpful to speak softly, use complex words, or limit body language when giving verbal directions. These actions may make it more difficult for the audience to understand the directions.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (1999). Speaking for success (pp. 113-114). Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
11. C
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memorandum, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the message was written. The company's name and the employee's title do not always appear in the heading.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 571]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. D
Friendly. Positive customer/client relations are important to the success of the business because they help to create repeat business. Many businesses encourage employees to adopt a friendly, helpful attitude toward customers as part of their efforts to create positive relations. Being reserved could prevent employees from offering appropriate help and might be interpreted as coldness. Being talkative may offend customers or prevent employees from identifying their needs. Being authoritative is only appropriate when providing the customer with technical or factual information.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2000). Customer service: Business 2000 (pp. 52-54). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
13. A
To determine the reasons for complaints. Listening attentively to customers as they express their complaints will help you to identify the reasons for the complaints, which is the first step in solving the problem. It also helps to put the customer in a good frame of mind, which may make handling the complaint easier. Since customers expect employees to listen to their complaints, listening would not make the customer feel unique. Listening will not ensure the customer's cooperation with the recommended resolution of the complaint. The salesperson should follow established policy rather than choosing a policy for handling the situation.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Rokes, B. (2000). Customer service: Business 2000 (pp. 106-108). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
14. C
Obtain. Although many of the earth's resources are plentiful, some of them are difficult to obtain. For example, it is difficult and expensive to drill for the vast oil reserves on the floor of the ocean. Natural resources usually are not difficult to use or sell. The fact that some resources are difficult to obtain can help to conserve them.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 83). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
15. B
Law firm. Law firms sell the services of their attorneys. These services include giving advice, preparing legal documents, and representing clients in court. A book publisher, convenience store, and a lumber company may offer certain services, but they are primarily in the business of selling goods.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business and Society
16. B
Global competition. The business environment refers to the general circumstances under which businesses function. A primary factor that affects the business environment is the level of competition any given business has. Fewer trade restrictions and technological advancements are providing more opportunities for businesses to buy and sell at the global (international) level. This provides the consumers with more options and increases global competition for the consumers' scarce dollars. Governments establish international sanctions, which limit or forbid trade with another country. A monopoly is a condition in which one supplier controls a market and there are no substitute products readily available. A command economy is an economic system in which the government controls many or all of the means of production and distribution. Sanctions, monopolies, and command economies limit consumers' options because there is less, if any, competition for particular products.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 26-27]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
17. C
The marketplace. The marketplace is any place where the buying and/or selling of goods and services takes place. The success or failure of businesses depends upon how well they meet consumers' needs at prices consumers are willing to pay. Government may assist businesses but cannot guarantee that a business will succeed. Market strategy and promotion are important but will not create a successful business unless customers buy products and are satisfied.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
18. A
Indirect competitors. Indirect competition occurs among businesses that offer dissimilar products. Those businesses are actually competing for the same consumer dollars, even though they offer different products. The businesses are not engaged in price competition, which focuses on price to attract customers, or in prospecting, the process of identifying and locating potential clients.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete!
19. C
Taxes. Taxes are monies that individuals and businesses must pay to the government. The purpose of many taxes is to generate sufficient revenue for governments to pay for providing necessary services to the public. Certain servi ces, such as highway construction and maintenance, are beyond the capability of individuals. Therefore, government takes responsibility for providing the services but needs the revenue to do that which is the function of taxes. Generating sufficient revenue to pay for providing necessary services to the public is not the reason for sales, prices, or quotas.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [p. 178]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
20. C
They increase the bargaining power of workers. By working together, employees encourage management to be more willing to listen to their demands. The union assumes the role of the official bargaining representative for a group of workers and negotiates with company officials to determine the terms and conditions under which employees will work. Management closes businesses temporarily during labor conflicts as a pressure strategy to gain an advantage over workers. This type of pressure strategy is known as a lockout. Unions discourage nonstriking employees from working for striking employees. Requiring more employees to be hired than are actually needed to complete a job is illegal.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: Clayton, G.E. (2005). Economics: Principles & practices (pp. 194-195). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. D
Inflation. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices that may occur when demand exceeds supply or when productivity declines and costs of labor go up. When prices increase, a business's purchasing power decreases because it costs more to buy goods and services. As a result, the business is able to buy less. For example, if the price of gasoline rises from $2 a gallon to $3 a gallon and a business only has $100 to spend on gasoline, it will not be able to purchase as much gas at $3 a gallon as it did when the price was $2 a gallon. Then, businesses might rely on credit to obtain the funds they need to buy goods and services. Subsidy and utility usually do not have a negative impact on a business's purchasing power.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [p. 141]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
22. C
Self-concept. Your self-concept is the way you see yourself. It is the composite mental picture you have of all your roles, traits, and abilities. Although it is a composite and does involve your life roles, these responses are too specific. Self-esteem refers to the way you feel about your self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 37). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. C
Live up to their promises. Coworkers know they can count on honest workers to do what they say they will do, to give them straight answers, and to try to do the right thing. This helps to create harmony in the workplace, but that is not necessarily a goal of honesty. Honest workers refrain from exchanging rumors and gossip.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
24. D
Fail to achieve. Thinking that you cannot do something increases the probability that you will not be able to do it. Positive feelings breed the confidence and persistence necessary to reach viable goals.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
25. C
Job performance. It is the job of the person who supervises your work to analyze your strengths and weaknesses. S/He is responsible for providing direction to help you in areas that need improvement. Such criticism, however, should be directed toward your role as an employee, not toward you as a person. Only when it is related to your job performance should an employer criticize your ability to accept feedback or to get along with others.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 179). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
26. C
Empathetic. Empathetic behavior is actions and/or words that show that you can put yourself in the other person's place. Indifferent behavior is showing no interest in people or events. Respectful behavior reflects one's regard for another person. Enthusiastic behavior demonstrates very positive feelings or excitement.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
27. C
Assertive. Assertive behavior includes expressing your thoughts openly and asking for things that you want from others. In this case, Perry expressed his thoughts about his idea and asked for feedback from his supervisor. Passive behavior is characterized by the failure to exercise personal rights, and aggressive behavior ignores the rights of others. Avoidance behavior is a type of passive behavior in which individuals wish to avoid conflict at any cost.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (p. 271). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. D
Authoritarian. Authoritarian leaders give very few, if any, decision-making responsibilities to employees. Workers who prefer this style of leader would not feel comfortable with a democratic leader who exerts only moderate control, or with a laissez-faire leader who exerts little or no control. Republican is a term that describes a political party in the United States.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
29. B
Currency. Currency is the money that a country uses to buy and sell goods and services. There are several types of currency. For example, coins and paper money are types of currency because they can be used to buy products. Coins and paper money generally are used by individuals to purchase the products they need. Coins and paper money are not a type of exchange, which is the process of trading one good/service for another. Revenue is income which may be received in the form of coins and paper money. Coins and paper money are not types of payments, although they can be used to make payments.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 233-234]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
30. D
Installment. Customers must usually pay a finance charge, or interest, for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Revolving credit plans do not require down payments. Regular, or open, credit allows credit users to buy at any time during a set period, usually 30 days.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Credit and Its Importance
31. D
$1.014.11. Gross earnings are an employee's wages before taxes and other deductions such as medical insurance and union dues are withheld from his/her paycheck. Net pay is the amount of money the employee receives in his/her paycheck after deductions are subtracted. Employers provide an itemized list of earnings and deductions on the employee's pay stub. To calculate Jason's gross earnings for the pay period, add his net pay, total tax obligation, medical insurance, and union dues together ($796.84 + $157.27 + $45.00 + $15.00 = $1,014.11).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
32. D
Risk. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Businesses buy insurance to manage risk which is the possibility of loss or failure. Insurance protects the business from many types of risk such as property damage. For example, if a business facility is vandalized, insurance will pay for the repairs. Coverage is the amount an insurance company will pay for a loss. Injury and damage are types of risk for which businesses can buy insurance.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 411). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
33. B
Equipment. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The business summarizes its financial condition by categorizing financial data into three groups—assets, liabilities, and equity. An asset is anything that the business owns or that can be converted into cash. A fixed asset is something that a business owns over a long period of time (at least one year) and is not expected to change. The equipment that a business uses to operate is an example of a fixed asset. Cash and inventory are examples of current assets, which tend to change or vary several times a year. Payroll is a liability, or debt, that a business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 772-773). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
34. B
Legal considerations. There are laws that regulate the reporting of financial information. Since accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records, all businesses need to be aware of legal considerations and understand what is legal and what is not. For example, there are laws regulating the way that businesses report income and pay taxes. If businesses violate the law, they may be fined or face other types of legal action. With regard to the accounting process, it is not necessary for all businesses to be aware of management styles, system specifications, or research techniques.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Cunningham, B.M., Nikolai, L.A., & Bazley, J.D. (2000). Accounting: Information for business decisions (pp. 9-11). Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
35. D
Coworkers. A new employee's coworkers often are instrumental in orienting that employee by answering routine questions. Coworkers are able to explain the day-t o-day activities on the job and answer general questions about where supplies are kept and when to take breaks. Coworkers help new employees to feel a part of the group and make them comfortable with their new surroundings. Top-level managers may welcome new employees on their first day but usually do not have direct contact with them while they learn their jobs. Recruiters help to locate and hire new employees but do not participate in orientation. The human resources staff usually helps new employees fill out necessary paperwork but may not be involved in orienting them to their specific jobs.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Hodgetts, R.M. (2002). Modern human relations at work (8th ed.) [pp. 292-293]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
36. A
Gather marketing information. Marketing information has become essential to the success of most modern businesses. Companies today often do business in areas which are far from the company's original location or home office. Managers need to gather and analyze information about these distant markets in order to make decisions concerning them. Businesses that operate in foreign countries usually try to avoid becoming involved in local politics. They are mindful of local traditions and make every attempt to act accordingly. Many businesses are privately owned and do not need government financing in order to operate in foreign countries.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 412-419]. Boston: McGrawHill/Irwin.
37. A
Make sure customers know how the information will be used. Ethical behavior involves doing what is right. When businesses collect marketing information from customers, it is ethical to make sure customers know how the information will be used. Then, customers have the opportunity to decide not to provide information, or to provide only certain types of information. It is not ethical to mislead customers in order to obtain marketing information. It may be considered unethical to gather data from only a few customers in one area because the results will not be representative of the market. Customers have the right to know who is sponsoring and paying for the research project. It is usually considered unethical to sell customer information unless customers are aware of this practice and agree that their information may be sold.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Solomon, M.R., & Stuart, E.W. (2000). Marketing: Real people, real choices (2nd ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
38. D
Online library. Secondary data is information that has been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Marketing researchers have a vast amount of secondary information available to them by accessing the Internet. By accessing an online library, a researcher can find data that have been compiled by another person or group. Businesses do not usually post confidential information (e.g., customer profiles) on the Internet. If a business is sending a survey by e-mail to its customers, it is collecting primary data. Businesses often store secondary data on computer software programs.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [p. 92]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
39. B
To make them useful to the business. Data by themselves are just a collection of facts. In order for the data to be useful, the business must analyze, or interpret, the data using graphs, charts, computer programs, or whatever method is appropriate. Making sure the data are accurate is the responsibility of the researcher as s/he collects them. Data analysis is a separate step in marketing research, not part of data collection. Evaluating the data is the final step in marketing research, and it cannot be carried out until after the data are analyzed.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 243). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
40. A
Government web sites. Secondary data is information that has been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Governments often collect data about population demographics (e.g., citizens' ages and income) for a specific project. This is primary data. If the government posts the information on its web site for other individuals and businesses to use for other purposes, those individuals and businesses are using it as secondary data because they did not collect the information for themselves for their own purposes. Internal data is information within the business, which can be either primary or secondary data. Primary and secondary data can be objective (unbiased).
SOURCE: IM:280
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 613-615). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. B
Attitude. The purpose of attitude research is to obtain information about people's opinions and how they feel about certain products or issues. Businesses often do attitude research to find out if customers are satisfied with the business and its products. Quantitative, market, and qualitative research techniques are not designed specifically to obtain information about people's opinions.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 596-599). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
42. A
Identifying the problem. Before a business can conduct meaningful research, it must identify the problem or issue. This is the first step in the marketing research process. Once the problem or issue has been identified, businesses can gather relevant information. Some businesses prefer to hire a research firm rather than conduct research themselves. However, that is not a step in the marketing research process. Organizing resources is not the first step in the marketing research process.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 610-611). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. C
Problem or opportunity. Objectives are concrete activities that help the business achieve its goals, which are desired outcomes. Before the business can conduct certain activities, it must define what it wants to do, such as solving a problem (e.g., poor sales) or determining the feasibility of an opportunity (e.g., new product). After the business defines the problem or opportunity and sets its marketing-research objectives, it can determine which variables are most important and how it should collect and code relevant data. Mode is a tool that researchers use to measure the numerical values of data.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 36-40]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
44. C
Measure brand loyalty. The use of diaries involves having a certain number of individuals or households record specific information, often on a monthly basis. This information might include types of products purchased, brands of products, price of each product, quantity purchased, where purchased, age of the purchaser, etc. The researcher collects the diaries and compiles the information. This process often is used to measure brand loyalty because it indicates how many individuals buy a certain brand and if they regularly buy the brand. The use of diaries is an example of collecting primary data. Although diaries are kept by a selected group, they are not used to limit sample size. Diaries are not used to develop a memoir.
SOURCE: IM:287
SOURCE: Churchill, G. (2001). Basic marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 220-221]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
45. C
Read their promotional literature. A business uses many types of information to make marketing decisions. To make sound marketing decisions, a business monitors and collects information about its competitors. By knowing what goods and services its competitors are providing, the business can determine how to best market its own products. One way to monitor competitors is by reading their promotional literature. By reading the competitors' product brochures, reviewing their advertisements, and surfing their web sites, the business can often obtain good information to help make marketing decisions in relation to its competition. Hiring a marketing-research firm and conducting a national opinion poll can be expensive. A business does not want to antagonize customers because it affects the business in a negative way.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Churchill, G., & Iacobucci, D. (2002). Marketing research: Methodological foundations (8th ed.) [pp. 95-96]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
46. C
Present an overview. One of the functions of a marketing research brief is to present an overview of the proposed research project. Before businesses invest time and money in research, they need a clear understanding of the purpose of the research and the problem it will attempt to solve. The research brief provides an explanation of the research and why it is important. A marketing research brief does not process the data, state a conclusion, or analyze the evidence.
SOURCE: IM:290
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 53-54, 554-559]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
47. B
Questionnaire design. It is important to evaluate questionnaire design to make sure the responses will be valid and reliable. To do this, it is necessary to consider the wording of the questions so participants will be able to understand the questions. Also, researchers consider the order of the questions so they are logical, and that one question does not suggest the answer to the following question. Formatting issues, completion deadlines, and possible incentives are other factors that researchers consider when evaluating questionnaire design.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 618-623). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. B
Pertains directly to the issue. Internal information is information located inside the company. One of the strengths of using internal information is that it often pertains directly to the issue. For example, if the issue is the popularity of a specific product, current sales and inventory data can provide information about how well that product is selling. Internal information often is not available to outside users. Although the information might relate to industry problems, that is not one of its strengths. Internal information may, or may not, be organized by department.
SOURCE: IM:294
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 612-614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. B
Want an inexpensive way to reach a large audience. Direct-mail surveys involve sending questionnaires to individuals' homes or offices. This type of research method is often appropriate when researchers want an inexpensive way to reach a large audience. Direct-mail surveys are relatively inexpensive to produce and can be sent to as many individuals as researchers want to contact. Direct-mail surveys are not the most appropriate method of obtaining specific information from a small group. Many direct-mail surveys are addressed to specific individuals so the information received is not anonymous.
SOURCE: IM:296
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 615). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. B
Developing attractive displays. The purpose of the promotion function of marketing is to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. One way that businesses promote their products is by developing displays that will attract the attention of customers and encourage them to buy. Organizing storage shelves and processing recent shipments are distribution activities. Creating product assortments is a product/service planning activity.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six
51. A
Market. A market is a customer or potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. Liza is a market because she not only wants a horse but has the money to buy one. A resource is an item that is used to produce goods and services. A target group is a particular segment of the market. A market segment is one of the groups into which the total market is divided.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: IM LAP 9—Have We Met?
52. A
Wide range of sources. Marketing planning is the process of identifying objectives, and developing activities to achieve those goals. Because the market is continually changing, marketing planning is an ongoing process that works best if businesses obtain input from a wide range of sources. These sources might include employees, customers, vendors, industry organizations, etc. The more information a business obtains from a variety of sources, the better able the business will be to revise and update marketing plans to reflect current wants and needs. This will help the business to remain competitive and to grow. Industry organizations can provide input but the information is limited to specific areas. A group of researchers can provide information about a certain issue or problem. An unrelated third party might able to provide an unbiased opinion. The successful business will use information from all these sources, and more, to improve the marketing planning process.
SOURCE: MP:006
SOURCE: Boone, L.E. & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 40-41]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
53. C
To identify emerging trends. Environmental monitoring involves tracking a variety of data and statistics to identify emerging trends. The benefit of environmental monitoring is that it enables businesses to understand trends and make changes in order to remain competitive. For example, environmental monitoring might indicate that consumers are buying more American-made products than products made in foreign countries. Businesses do not engage in environmental monitoring to develop recyclable products, to segment target markets, or to analyze ethical issues.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & d'Amico, M. (1999). Marketing (6th ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Cincinnati: SouthWestern College.
54. C
Sales forecasts. Sales forecasts are predictions of what a firm's sales will be during a specific future time period using a certain marketing plan. Many businesses say that the sales forecast is the cornerstone of their planning and use it as the basis for making a wide variety of decisions. Sales forecasts help a business decide how to allocate funds by indicating what the company's cash flow is expected to be. Sales forecasts tell a business what amounts of materials and equipment it will need to produce the products it expects to sell. Personal budgets are the budgets of individuals. Credit policies are guidelines for businesses to follow in controlling the use of payment plans that allow customers to purchase now and pay later. Financial quotas are quotas that attempt to relate sales to an organizations' total expenses or profits.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 599-600). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
55. C
Useful. Not all information is useful to businesses. Therefore, businesses evaluate the quality and source of the information they obtain to make sure it is useful. For it to be useful, information must be accurate and relevant to the situation or problem being addressed. Businesses do not evaluate the quality and source of the information they obtain to make sure it is scientific, technical, or random.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Mescon, M.H., Bovee, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (1999). Business today (9th ed.) [p. 478]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
56. D
Make long-term decisions. Information management is the process of accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating knowledge, facts, or data for the purpose of assisting business decision making. Businesses make decisions on a regular basis. These decisions might involve solving current problems or planning how to grow the business over a period of years. Whatever the purpose, businesses need information to be able to make those decisions. Although businesses often store information in a database, that is not the purpose of information management. The purpose of information management is not to help businesses create sales presentations or write an annual report.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 284-286]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
57. D
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Kleindl, B.A. (2001). Strategic electronic marketing: Managing e-business (pp. 3-7). Cincinnati: South-Western College Publishing.
58. C
Word processing. Word-processing software programs are used to create documents that are primarily text but may contain some graphics. Database and spreadsheet programs are used to organize and analyze different types of data. Presentation software programs are used to develop visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 162-164]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. A
Web pages. Today, specialized Web editing programs are available that are similar to word processor or desktop publishing programs. As a result, even small businesses can create and post Web pages to promote themselves and connect to customers. Businesses use computer programs to create customer lists, budget data, and invoice records. However, they do not post this information to make it available to those outside the company.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 202-203). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Broken handrail on a stairway. Unsafe conditions are those physical or environmental hazards which are present in the workplace, such as icy steps or a slippery floor. Using machinery before reading the instructions, horseplay, and falling asleep on the job are examples of unsafe acts, which are behavior or actions that may risk the safety of oneself or others.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-407). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
61. C
Pilferage. Employees who steal inexpensive items are participating in pilfering activities. Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items—petty theft. Fraud is deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money or property. Embezzlement is theft of valuables that have been entrusted to one's care. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 406). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
62. D
$85. Employees who have responsibility for paying invoices are in a good position to help the business save money and control expenses. If a business receives a discount for paying an invoice within a certain period of time, an employee who pays the invoice before the deadline will help the business to control expenses. In this situation, the business receives a 2% discount for paying within 15 days. To calculate the amount of savings, multiply the amount of the invoice by the percentage of discount ($4,250 x 2% or .02 = $85).
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: MN LAP 56—Employee Role in Expense Control
63. B
Do the work. One of the most important resources is people, the ones who will do the work. Some projects need the help of many people. It is important to identify the people who have the ability to help with a project. Without people, it will probably not be possible to complete the project. As part of working on a project, people often use tools, solve problems, and help lead the project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
64. A
Dusting shelves. Cleaning shelves and counters and straightening stock are routine maintenance activities that should be performed regularly. Repairing windows is not a routine maintenance procedure. Clearing sidewalks is exterior maintenance. Not all businesses collect recyclables but, if they do, it is not a maintenance activity.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
65. D
Standards. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for making comparisons or judgments. Managers often use standards as the basis for evaluating project results. For example, one standard might be financial such as to increase sales by a certain amount. Then, the manager compares the results with the standard to determine if the project was effective. Techniques are methods or activities that might be used to carry out the project. Resources are items that are needed to complete a project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 242). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
66. B
Tailored clothing. Extremes in clothing and in appearance have grown in recent years—everything from wild and clashing colors, loose and baggy clothing, to multiple body piercings and visible tattoos. Such extremes generally send negative messages that are harmful to your personal appearance and success in the workplace. Tailored clothing is not likely to be harmful to you or your image in the workplace, although less expensive, nontailored clothing is also appropriate.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
67. C
Create a work system appropriate for you. Arrange the items you need on a regular basis in a manner that is convenient for you. This will not reduce your workload, but it will make your work go more smoothly. Your efforts may make your work area more attractive or impress your supervisor, but those are not overall goals for getting organized.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: HR LAP 4—Orderly and Systematic Behavior
68. B
Supply stays the same. No matter what we do, we cannot expand the day beyond 24 hours. Since the supply of time is fixed, we have to use it efficiently.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
69. A
Marketing research. Employees who look for meaningful clues about what customers want and why they want it work in marketing research. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, such as designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. These employees do not work in administrative services, securities and investments, or insurance. Employees working in administrative services facilitate business operations through a wide range of duties, including information and communication management, data processing and collection, and project tracking. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. The insurance industry, which exists to protect individuals and businesses from financial losses, delivers “products” that transfer risk from an individual or business to an insurance company.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
70. D
E-mail address. Today, many job applications are completed online and résumés are sent electronically. Also, many businesses communicate electronically with potential employees. Therefore, if individuals have an e-mail address, they include the address in the personal information section of their résumé to make it easy for the business to contact them. Information about a previous employer appears in the references section. It is not appropriate to include information about marital status. Information about volunteer experience appears in the work experience section.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 49]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
71. B
Public. A public trade show usually is a large exhibit that is open to the general public but charges an admission fee for entry. Public trade shows often feature goods and services that are of interest to a wide range of consumers, such as recreational vehicles, cars, vacation destinations, and home improvements. Exhibitors at public trade shows are able to present their goods and services to a large number of potential customers in one place at one time. Limited, private, and closed trade shows are intended to reach a specific audience and usually are by invitation only to serious prospective buyers.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Weitz, B.A., Castleberry, S.B., & Tanner, J.F. (2004). Selling: Building partnerships (5th ed.) [pp. 190, 455-456]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
72. D
Social responsibility. When a business contributes to the well-being of society, it is being socially responsible. A business that donates a percentage of its profits to charity is contributing to society's wellbeing. Community liability, political accountability, and legal reliability are not terms that describe a business that makes charitable contributions.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 135-136). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. D
What buyers can afford to purchase. Selling price helps buyers to decide which items they can afford, which ones are too expensive, and how to allocate their funds accordingly. The value of products is not the same to all purchasers because their needs will be different. The quality of products is determined by the nature of the products themselves, not by their prices.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 418-419). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
74. C
Consumer's. Because consumers buy benefits as well as the good or service, product planning must be approached from the consumer's point of view. Too often, producers concentrate on the product itself and its technological benefits without taking into consideration the benefits that appeal to the consumer. The challenge facing product planners is pleasing consumers, whose wants and needs seem to change constantly. The point of view of the manager, the company, or the market should be secondary considerations.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 527). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. B
To get customers to buy the product. The introductory stage is the first stage of a product's life cycle, and the business wants customers to find out about the product and to buy it. When the product enters the growth stage, the business reevaluates its distribution. Competition is a primary goal in a product's maturity stage. Deciding whether to get rid of the product or to revitalize it is a factor in the decline stage.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 557]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
Use biodegradable materials. Ethical businesses conduct their activities in a socially responsible way. By making packaging from materials that break down relatively easily in the natural environment (biodegradable), the business is being ethical because it is protecting the world in which we live. Labeling items with insufficient information and constructing hazardous containers are not ethical actions. Package appeal does not affect ethical behavior.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Etzel, M. J., Walker, B. J., & Stanton, W. J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 274-275]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
77. B
Unconscious problem solving. Unconscious problem solving involves idea generation by relaxation and distraction from the problem, situation, or issue. In the example, the advertising executive came up with an idea while focused on something else—driving a vehicle. Subconscious decision making, subliminal message generation, and deliberate mind mapping are not terms commonly used to describe a creativethinking technique that generates ideas in a relaxed or distracted state of mind.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone
78. A
Creative-thinking process. A company must continuously work to develop and improve products that consumers want and need, so it can remain competitive in the marketplace. The creative-thinking process is a way for encouraging creativity to reveal itself, and it fosters the ability to generate unique ideas. Brainstorming is a technique that stimulates creative-thinking, and companies often use brainstorming when they generate product ideas. Feasibility studies, screening, and marketing testing are product development activities that occur after the company generates product ideas.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Grewal, D., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (pp. 640-642). Woodland Hills, CA: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
79. A
Express, limited. An express warranty is a promise expressed in a written statement or verbal promise. A limited warranty is one that does not include all the provisions of a full warranty. An implied warranty is not written or stated orally but rather an understanding that a product will perform as expected. A full warranty generally provides that if a product does not work properly or is defective, it must be made good within a reasonable time frame.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 675, 677). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. C
Protect U.S. consumers. The Federal Trade Commission is the federal regulatory agency that has broader influence on marketing activities than any other government regulatory agency. It seeks to protect all American consumers by helping them make good buying decisions. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration regulates motor vehicles. The Food and Drug Administration ensures that labels are honest and informative. The Consumer Product Safety Commission monitors product safety.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 679). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
Cheeseburgers. A product item is an individual good, service, or idea that a business offers for sale. Product items are distinguished by size, style, price, or any feature that makes one item different from another. Men's apparel, frozen foods, and health and beauty aids are examples of product lines, which are groups of closely related products.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 635). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. A
Product. Product features and attributes are being affected in the positioning of the product. The business is emphasizing features rather than price, place, or promotion.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Burrow, J. L. (2002). Marketing (pp. 171-173). Mason, OH: South-Western.
83. D
Persuasive. To be a success, promotional messages should be persuasive and convince buyers that the product that is being sold can meet their needs. Relevance is when the promotional message is relevant to the audience that it is intended to target—the people that are the most likely to buy the product. Repetitious refers to the message being repeated, not heard just one time. Factual refers to the fact that the promotional message should be based on facts, not statements that will mislead the person receiving the message.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Promotion
84. D
Advertising. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. It can be used to promote products or any kind of business. Publicity is a nonpersonal form of promotion that is not paid for by the company or individual that receives it. Sales promotion is promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Personal selling is the form of promotion that uses planned, personalized communication in order to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities. Both sales promotion and personal selling would be more likely to be used in promoting products.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1—Promotional Mix
85. B
On the Internet. The technology that makes the Internet possible also allows businesses to advertise online. This provides a new option for businesses to use to reach potential customers. Today, many businesses advertise on the Internet, and use the Internet to attract customers on a local, national and international level. It is possible, however, for businesses to advertise to target markets, on a national level, and to global customers without the use of technology. An example is a traditional newspaper ad.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 312). Mason, OH: South-Western.
86. A
Types of products being advertised. Regulations regarding promotion differ throughout the world. When businesses want to promote their products in other countries, they need to be aware of different regulations. One regulatory factor often involves the types of products being advertised. For example, charities may not advertise on television in the United Kingdom. In France, diet products may not be advertised on television. The cost of media placement and the price of comparable products are not regulatory factors that affect promotion. Culture is not a regulatory factor; however, culture has an impact on the regulations that affect promotion on an international level.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 243-245). Mason, OH: South-Western.
87. D
Action. Action copy includes phrases that encourage consumers to do something or engage in some type of activity. Action copy might tell consumers to call or write for discounts, coupons, or free information. Businesses use action copy to persuade people to respond and take some action. It is often used to promote tourism. Endorsement copy cites approval from a reputable external source. Claim copy makes a claim for the product. Testimonial copy is a statement by an identified sponsor of a product, proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 509). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
88. A
Business can pinpoint the target audience. The advantage of using direct mail is that a business can send promotional information to only those customers who are likely to buy. On a per piece basis, direct mail is often expensive; but because the business has control over who receives the message, cost per customer contact is often low. Any message can be ignored. Direct mail is often labor intensive and requires more work than other advertising.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: U.S. Postal Service. (n.d.). Benefits of direct mail. Retrieved May 19, 2008, from http://www.usps.com/directmail/benefits.htm
89. D
Promotional plan. Businesses develop plans that help them communicate to the public through a variety of promotional techniques, such as advertising and public relations. The purpose of the promotional plan is to inform the public about the business and encourage consumers to buy its goods and services. An advertising campaign is a series of advertisements planned around a central theme. Fiscal policy is the government policy that sets levels of government spending and taxation. The distribution process includes all the steps involved in the physical movement or the transfer of ownership of a good or service from the producer to the consumer.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2002). Marketing (pp. 418-419). Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. B
Generate an immediate response. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. In sales promotion, coupons are a type of communications channel that are used to provide information about products to customers. The reason for using coupons is to generate an immediate response by offering reduced prices on specific items. The hope is that customers will be motivated to buy the product now because of the information they received. Sales promotion is usually intended to encourage a quick response, while advertising is intended to create long-term demand and persuade customers to remain loyal. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 383-385). Mason, OH: South-Western.
91. B
To strengthen the theme. The elements of an advertisement include the headline, copy, illustrations, and signature. It is important to coordinate these elements to strengthen the theme of the advertisement. All of the elements should reinforce and promote the theme in order for the advertisement to be effective. It is not important to coordinate the elements in advertisements to analyze the objective, identify the message, or locate the audience.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 423-425). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. D
Employees. Most businesses provide information to employees, the business's main internal audience. Providing information is a public-relations activity because it is intended to maintain good relations with employees. Employees tend to work more effectively and have higher morale when they are well informed and have accurate information about the business's plans and goals. Providing accurate information also reduces rumors, which may have a negative impact on employees. Suppliers and unions are not internal audiences although they have direct contact with many businesses. Even though managers are employees, they usually are the ones who provide information to employees. Therefore, they are not the main internal audience.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 455). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. C
Trade shows. Trade shows are events where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to build sales leads and interest. Participating in trade shows is a way for businesses to communicate with their target audiences, a group of consumers who are the most likely prospects for a good, service, image, or idea. As a rule, only those consumers who are interested in the products being displayed will attend a particular trade show so it is a good way for a business to reach its target audience. Work groups are teams of employees who perform the same major functions. Businesses communicate with employees by participating in employee events and staff meetings.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 405). Mason, OH: South-Western.
94. D
Adds utility to products. Selling adds utility, or usefulness, to products. Through selling, products can be in the right place, at the right time. This makes it easy for customers to buy which, in turn, keeps the economy growing. In a private enterprise system, selling usually helps to reduce unemployment, promote competition, and keep prices from increasing.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. A
Send special-occasion cards. Following up with customers is a way of showing appreciation and providing good service. Successful salespeople know that their customers are important and that the relationship must be continually developed. Periodically thanking customers is one way of showing appreciation. There are many ways to let customers know they are valuable, such as sending cards on special occasions, writing brief notes, sending newspaper articles that may be of interest to them, or calling with ideas for solving problems. Salespeople should avoid making unexpected visits or carrying on long conversations because it wastes the customers' time. Giving elaborate gifts would be inappropriate and may even offend some customers.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: Futrell, C.M. (1999). Fundamentals of selling: Customers for life (6th ed.) [pp. 408-410]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
96. B
Service-oriented. A business's clientele is a body of customers upon which an organization can rely for considerable repeat business. Salespeople who are service-oriented, that is, committed to helping their clients meet their needs and achieve their goals, are more likely to meet or exceed the clients' expectations. When clients' expectations are met or exceeded, they are highly satisfied with the business and its products, which facilitates long-lasting relationships. Although having a sense of humor can help foster good relationships, it is not always appropriate or necessary. Exhibiting passive-aggressive behavior and not being willing to compromise are not attitudes that usually build long-term relationships with clients.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal
97. D
Establishing gift-giving guidelines. Giving gifts to customers often presents an ethical dilemma because situations and peoples' perspectives differ. One business may view any gift (e.g., inexpensive holiday gifts) as a form of bribery while another business does not. A business can help salespeople by establishing specific gift -giving policies for its sales personnel. If a salesperson does not know if it is appropriate to give a gift in a certain situation, s/he can refer to the company's written guidelines about acceptable and unacceptable behavior. Sales quotas are specific selling goals set for members of a company's sales force and do not necessarily guide a salesperson's ethical behavior on the job. Making price deals and requiring reciprocity are illegal selling activities and are generally considered unethical.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Selling Ethics)
98. C
Prospecting. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use. This includes learning as much as possible about both the business and the individual(s) with whom the salesperson will be dealing. Probing is the process of asking in-depth questions during the selling process in order to sell the customer the product best suited to his/her needs. Closing in sales refers to the point in a sales presentation at which the customer makes a favorable buying decision. Bargaining is a negotiating process.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: SE LAP 126—The Selling Process
99. C
Emotional. Motivational theories often classify the reasons for buying into three main categories. One is emotional, which states that the motives for buying involve an appeal to the customer's emotions or feelings. One emotional motivator is fear, which influences customers to buy certain products to be safe and protected against injury. An example is buying a certain vehicle because it is equipped with various types of safety devices. Emotion is a strong motivator, and one that salespeople appeal to in order to sell products. Rational motives are reasons for buying that appeal to the sense of reason or judgment. Logic is an objective, or neutral, way to make sense of the facts by considering some facts more important than others. Patronage motives are reasons for buying that are based on loyalty to a particular business.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 150-151]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
100. B
Controlling. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. It is important because it helps to make sure that employees are meeting company standards. Controlling should be an ongoing process because managers who wait until a job or a project is finished to check progress may not have time to take corrective measures. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Directing involves providing guidance to workers and work projects.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 6—Manage This!
Test 1021
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Resolve disputes. The legal procedure is the process of reviewing disputes or claims and resolving them in a fair manner. Businesses are often involved in disputes with other entities, such as suppliers or competitors. If a business believes it has been wronged by another, the business follows the appropriate legal procedure to resolve the issue. Enacting legislation, establishing laws, and regulating business are not the main functions of the legal procedure.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 32-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person and is easy to open, but the owner has limited capital and limited capabilities. Jason will not need a great sum of money, and he has experience in that type of business. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons who combine their capital and capabilities. It is relatively easy to start. A corporation is owned by issuing stock and is difficult to form and operate. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. C
Marketing-information management. This marketing function involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions. The type of information that is gathered often includes data about customers’ preferences, opinions, habits, trends, and plans. Product/Service management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Selling involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Promotion is communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 211, 299, 505, 544]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
4. D
Wholesaler. A wholesaler is a business that buys goods from producers or agents and sells them to retailers. Agents do not buy goods from producers; rather, they assist in selling and promoting a producer's goods. Producers are growers, providers; or manufacturers of goods or services. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods or services and sell them to the ultimate consumer.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CMLAP 1—Channel it (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Integrated data between channel members. The technology of electronic billing, purchase-order verification, bar coding, and image processing enable channel members to integrate data. Vertical and horizontal channel integration are methods of organizing distribution channels. The finance department may utilize the methods to share data, but the methods are not unique to that department.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2000). Marketing: Concepts and strategies (2000e) (pp. 355-356). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
6. B
Horizontal. Horizontal conflict occurs between businesses at the same level in the distribution channel. Branch locations of a business that operate in the same community are on the same level. The branches may experience horizontal channel conflict because they are targeting, and competing for, the same customers. Vertical conflict occurs between different levels of the same channel, such as between the local branch and the corporate office. Community and dominant are not types of channel conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
7. A
Marketing research. Marketing research usually focuses on a specific problem the business needs to solve. Information flow is the process of moving information through the appropriate channels or making information accessible to those who need it. A situation analysis is a determination of a firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed. Marketing research gathers primary data rather than secondary data information collected for purposes other than the project at hand.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IMLAP 2—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
8. C
I don't want to know you. There are several situations in which nonverbal communication is a better indicator of a person's attitude than words. In this situation, Hank has made a polite verbal response, but he has indicated by refusing to shake hands that he is not glad to meet Jeremy and does not really want to know Jeremy. Even if they had met before, shaking hands would have been appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 317-325]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
9. A
Identify the firm or department and yourself. General guidelines for answering a business telephone include greeting the caller, identifying yourself and the business or department, and asking how you can be of assistance to the caller. It is not always necessary to get the correct spelling of the caller's name. immediate action may also not be required. Callers should not be called by their first names unless they are personal acquaintances of the individual answering the telephone.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 681). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
10. D
Few friends talking about football. If the group's purpose is to give and find out opinions, the way the group operates is casual. No real “rules” exist beyond the normal standards of common courtesy. When the football players toss the football or run laps during practice, they are likely to operate under the direction of the coach. In a similar way, selecting a strategy or play may require the football players to conduct a more formal group discussion.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
11. A
Understands. Using the correct words in written communication is one way for businesspeople to make sure that the receiver understands the message. Correct and accurate language usage generally conveys the intended message and makes it easier for people to understand. Using the correct words will not necessarily ensure that the receiver accepts, agrees with, or approves of the message.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
12. C
Yours truly. The complimentary close respectfully signals the end of a business letter. "Dear Occupant" and "To Whom It May Concern" are examples. of impersonal salutations, which are greetings that do not use the receiver's name. The word "Enclosure" indicates that additional materials that have been referenced in the letter are in the envelope with the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [p. 588]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
13. A
Credibility. The purpose of a persuasive message is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a specific course of action. Credibility is believability. A believable source demonstrates knowledge in a confident, trustworthy, and responsible manner. People are more likely to take action when they feel that the source is credible. Message receivers do not tend to take action if the source exhibits inconsistent behavior. A message receiver will first consider the source's credibility before it considers the source's adaptability. Objectivity is viewing things in an unbiased manner. Since the message sender is trying to get the message receiver to take a certain course of action, the message receiver has a specific opinion. Therefore, the message sender may exhibit some bias about the topic at hand.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Locker, K.O. (2000). Business and administrative communication (5th ed.) [p. 223]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
14. A
Their immediate supervisor. Problems related to work should be discussed with the employee's immediate supervisor because this person should-be the first to be told that a problem exists, ands/he should be given an opportunity to resolve it. The personnel department deals with problems connected to the hiring or firing of employees. Discussing problems with coworkers is often done but is not recommended. It is not part of the company president's job to deal with individual problems unless they cannot be solved by a subordinate.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Hilgert, R.R., & Leonard, E.C. (2001). Supervision: Concepts and practices of management (8th ed.) [pp. 584-591]. Cincinnati: South-Western College Publishing.
15. A
Use customer names in conversations. Customers enjoy hearing their names, and they feel important when they realize employees have taken the time to learn them. You should maintain eye contact, not stare. You should speak at a comfortable volume—not too loudly or too softly. You should try, whenever possible, to resolve customers’ problems without involving a supervisor.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CCJ Business Consulting. (2007). Fifteen smart ways you can start building customer loyalty today! Retrieved September 2, 2009, from http://www.ccjconsulting.com/files/CCJ_Business_Consulting FREE_REPORT_07_- _15_Smart_Ways_You_Can_Start_Building_Customer_Loyalty_Today.pdf
16. B
Employee. Businesses have policies that explain how employees are to act and how they are to deal with customers. Some of these policies include rules about eating and smoking on the job. Businesses make these policies to present a certain image to customers. Service policies are established to provide special features that other, similar businesses may not offer in order to persuade customers to choose their business over another. Some policies affect customers directly, such as guidelines for offering credit. A product policy is a guideline affecting the kinds of goods and services that businesses offer to customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: International Customer Management Institute (2009). Food in the call center. Retrieved September 25, 2009, from ‘ http://www.icmi.com/knowledgecenter/queuetips/viewQuestion.aspx?id=2798
17. D
Show a large selection of products. Slow/Methodical, or analytical, customers require a lot of time in making buying decisions. They want to know everything about a product so that they make the best decision. In addition, they do not buy immediately. They want time to think about and research the product. Therefore, you should avoid showing them too many products, as this will only compound their problem in reaching buying decisions. The other alternatives are guidelines for helping slow/methodical, or analytical, customers.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: Tod Novak. (2009, January 26). Selling and motivating the analytical client: The Owl 1. Retrieved September 3, 2009, from http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMaiYEATTpl
18. D
Possession. Possession utility is created when the ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the customer. Credit plans allow customers to pay for their purchases gradually, thereby increasing their ability to own (possess) more products. Place utility involves making goods and services available at the place (location) they are wanted or needed by customers. Form utility occurs when the shape or form of a product is altered to make it more useful to the customer. Price is a component of the marketing mix but is not a type of economic utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. B
Increase. Since the holidays usually bring people in need of ski equipment, this situation should create a seller's market in which buyers will be willing to pay higher prices to buy what they need. Prices usually increase in a seller's market instead of decreasing, remaining the same, or fluctuating.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. C
Matrix. Businesses can structure the way they do their work in a variety of ways. The matrix organizational structure uses horizontal authority to integrate departmental functions with product orientation. For example, an engineer, a marketing specialist, a financial coordinator, and a manufacturing employee are members of different departments but often work together to develop or refine one product. The advantage to businesses using this organizational structure is that the business is applying its resources efficiently because a representative from each of the major departments is knowledgeable about various aspects of the product. Vertex, regional, and regulated are not terms that describe types of business organizational structures.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Gibson, J.L., Ivancevich, J.M., Donnelly, J.H., & Konopaske, R. (2003). Organizations: Behavior, structure, processes (11th ed.) [p. 385]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
21. A
Profit. If the company can create demand in a new market segment, this will help to increase sales, which will increase profits. Increasing expenses will decrease profits. Increasing prices could decrease sales. Increasing output may be needed to meet the needs of the new market, but that is not the company's ultimate goal.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded
22. B
Oligopoly. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine the prices. Because an oligopoly has interdependent multiple sellers, product prices C_ are usually stable. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier or single seller, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. A technical monopoly is a type of monopoly in which the seller controls the market with one or more technical products. Differentiated oligopoly is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2005). Economics: Today and tomorrow (pp. 240-244). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
23. B
It's easier to train workers. For example, it is easier to train workers to specialize in sewing on shirt collars than to train them to perform all the tasks necessary to sew, iron, and package the finished shirts. The dependency of workers upon each other is a disadvantage. Job obsolescence is a disadvantage to workers. Management uses job rotation to overcome some of the disadvantages of specialization.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Division of labor. (2009, September 1). Retrieved September 3, 2009, from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Division_of_labour#Types_of_Specialization
24. C
Peak. Peak is the phase of the business cycle when economic prosperity reaches a high point, and the demand for goods and services begins to exceed the production capacities of producers. Expansion of the beginning of growth in economic activity. Contraction occurs when the economy declines. Consumers spend less and saved more, and economic activities decline. During trough, economic activities are at their lowest level.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R. J., & Kapoor, J. R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 19-20]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
25. B
Subcultures. A subculture is a group with distinguishing characteristics that exists within a culture. The customs, habits, and traditions of businesspeople are considered to be a business subculture. The businesspeople in different countries have different business subcultures, which means that the businesspeople from one country share certain beliefs, values, and ideals that are different from those of people in other countries. The way they behave in business is based on those beliefs and values. Therefore, in order to trade successfully throughout the world, businesspeople need to understand what is acceptable business behavior in other countries. Business policies, activities, and contracts differ from one business to another and do not have a significant impact on business behavior.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 418-419]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
26. A
Job advancement. Employees with initiative seek to further their education/training to prepare themselves for career advancement. In many fields, supplemental preparation has become a prerequisite for promotion. Lateral job changes would not require advanced education. Many professional organizations offer advanced education for their members; however, that is not a membership requirement. Certifications are obtained to secure a job or advance in careers.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
27. B
Responsibility. Responsible individuals are accountable for things that are within their control. Initiative is the ability and willingness to think or act without being told. Interpersonal skills are how a person gets along with others. Consideration means showing kindness or thoughtfulness to others.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. D
Increased chances of success. A positive attitude means looking on the bright side of things. Expecting good things to happen is one way of increasing one's chances of success in life. People who have positive attitudes are more likely to achieve their goals. A positive attitude can help to reduce self- consciousness and improve the ability to develop satisfactory relationships. Positive people are also more likely to be promoted.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism
29. D
Negative feedback expresses disapproval about a specific behavior. Negative feedback is defined as criticism or disapproval. The purpose of negative feedback is to change or improve the message receiver's behavior, rather than reinforce an existing attitude or behavior. Although negative feedback can embarrass the message receiver, its purpose is to help the message receiver improve or change a particular attitude or behavior. Negative feedback addresses a person's weaknesses, while positive feedback communicates information about his/her strengths.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. A
Personal credibility. Credibility is believability. When you are credible, others believe what you say. If people get in the habit of believing you, they are more likely to be persuaded to agree with you or follow your lead. Nonverbal, or body, language includes gestures, facial expressions, and any other way of communicating without the use of words. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services. Speaking skills involve the ability to communicate clearly with words. Although nonverbal language, creativity, and speaking skills may help you to persuade others, they will not necessarily make others believe what you say.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
31. C
Standing up straight when talking to other people. Posture is the way in which you hold your body. Other ways you can use posture to express assertiveness include leaning toward the speaker to show your interest in what is being said or crossing your arms across your chest to indicate a negative response to what is being said. Explaining why you must refuse a request for help is an example of verbal assertiveness. Raising your eyebrows and frowning are facial expressions used in nonverbal assertiveness.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. B
Avoidance. The ways that people react to conflict are called conflict response modes. One of these modes is avoidance, which is the effort to avoid conflict. This type of behavior might include ignoring the situation or pretending that it doesn't exist. Avoidance behavior will not resolve conflict. Frustration is a negative effect of conflict rather than a response mode. Mediation is a method of resolving conflict. Exclusion is feeling left out or excluded from an activity.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
33. D
Not afraid to “go for it.” Instead of sitting back with the rest of the class and complaining about the unfair grading scale, Tim decides to take action. He is not afraid to “go for it.” Change leaders are people of action. They're not satisfied with sitting on the sidelines. They stand up for what they believe in and aren't afraid to challenge the status quo (the way things exist right now). Change leaders are also persuasive, love to learn new things, and know how to coach others, but these are not the characteristics Tim displays in this situation.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight
34. B
Cultures. The cultures of ethnic groups from all parts of the world are the customs, habits, and traditions that have been developed over time. Many people whose ancestors are from other countries retain their cultures and celebrate different holidays. The United States has one government that is a democracy which includes many different courts; but these were established to carry out different kinds of legal functions, not because U.S. citizens are from all over the world. Sanctions are trade restrictions placed by one country against another country that is violating international law.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: HR LAP 24—Treating Others Fairly at Work
35. B
Truth-in-Lending Act. The Truth-in-Lending Act requires businesses to provide credit customers with all the information that applies to their accounts and send customers regular updated statements showing the status of their accounts. The purpose of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act is to make the granting of credit fair by prohibiting the denial of credit based on the applicant's gender, race, age, marital status, or national origin. The Fair Credit Billing Act requires businesses which extend credit to respond within 30 days to any customer's complaint or inquiry about a billing error. The Fair Credit Reporting Act gives consumers the right to inspect the files of their credit history at any credit agency and to have any mistakes corrected. 
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Washoe Legal Services. (2002). Consumer law: Truth in Lending: What you must be told when getting a consumer loan or other consumer credit. Retrieved September 3, 2009, from http://www.washoelegalservices.org/truth.htm
36. C
The first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing how you spend your money—understanding your spending habits—is the first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing your spending habits does not guarantee that you will exceed your financial goals. Although it's helpful to know how many checks you expect to write in a month, you don't need to understand your spending habits to open a bank account.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. A
A guest trips on loose carpet in the hallway and sprains an ankle. The theater is responsible for making sure the facility is safe and free of obstacles; therefore, it would be liable for damages. A car damaged in a parking lot owned by the city would not be the theater's responsibility. Complaining about someone blocking one's view would not bring about damage relief. The drink being spilled was an accident and is between the individuals involved.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Kaser, K., & Oelkers, D.B. (2001). Sports and entertainment marketing (p. 273). Mason, OH:
38. B
Allocate their funds. Managers use the accounting information that tells them the amount of funds available in order to develop operating budgets. These budgets specify how much money may be spent for such expenses as rent, salaries, insurance, etc. Insurance premiums are the monies paid to cover a contractual agreement in which one party will pay for specified losses incurred by the other party. Excise taxes are determined by government. They apply to certain items, such as gasoline, and are paid by the buyer. Labor union dues are paid by the union members.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
39. B
Assets. Business owners must spend money to obtain assets, which are anything of value that the business owns. This results in money flowing out of a business. Some examples of business assets include land, buildings, vehicles, and equipment. Supplies are industrial goods that are constantly being purchased and used up in the operation of a business. Products are goods and services. Staples are goods for which there is constant demand.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
40. D
Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold includes all costs used in obtaining or producing the goods or services that a business sells, such as materials and supplies. Operating expenses are all other expenses in operating the business such as wages, advertising, insurance, rent, and utilities expenses. Gross profit is revenue minus cost of goods sold. Revenue is the total amount of money earned by a business.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
41. C
Return on capital. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow. It is a key component of managing working capital. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing. Accounts payable refers to the money the business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
42. C
Can change to meet a manager's needs. The format of a particular budget report can change to meet a manager's needs. Depending on what the manager wants to know, s/he may need to see only the current budget, the current budget and past budgets, or budgeted and actual figures. The format, then, is not standardized and can change. It is flexible and is very important in providing a manager with just the right information. Formats are not necessarily unique to each department and manager.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
43. B
Determining eligibility and costs of benefits. A human resources manager might be involved in employee benefits by developing a benefits plan and determining eligibility and costs for employees. An HR manager would not be responsible for selecting an employee's personal plan options, collecting insurance payments from employees, or choosing an employee's vacation days.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. C
Quantity. The wholesaler is reducing a discrepancy of quantity by breaking down a large quantity of a / product into smaller quantities for retailers to buy and sell to final customers. Reducing a discrepancy of ( assortment means making a variety of related products available in one place. There is no such thing as a discrepancy of installation or a discrepancy of promotion.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
45. B
Acknowledge directions verbally or nonverbally. When Justin gives his sister a puzzled look so she knows he didn't understand her directions clearly, he is acknowledging her nonverbally. It's important to let the speaker know you hear and understand what s/he is saying by nodding your head or saying you understand. If you don't understand the directions, use your nonverbal signals to alert the person so s/he can clarify things for you. These signals include raising your hand, shaking your head, or even looking at the speaker with a puzzled look. In this situation, Justin is not taking notes, accepting responsibility, or eliminating distractions.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
46. B
Cookies. Cookies are text files that are put on a web-site visitor's hard drive and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site in order to track shopping and buying behavior. As a result, Internet users often feel that their right to privacy is compromised. Portals are sites that are popular starting points for surfacing the Web. Scan portal is not a term that is widely used to describe activities and concepts related to the Internet. A browser is the software that is needed for surfing the Internet. Banner ads are promotional messages appearing on the WWW, usually at the top of the web sites.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Churchill, G. (2001). Basic marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 55]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
47. A
Build strong, loyal customer relationships. When a business understands what its customers like and dislike about its goods and services, it can incorporate activities to maintain, improve, or expand its products. When customers see that the business is showing interest in meeting their needs and wants, they are more likely to continue the relationship with the business. A business's tax deductions are not generally based on its ability to track its customers’ buying behavior. Operational expenses refer to ail of the expenses (costs) of running the business. A database can facilitate efficient use of a business's resources, but does not necessarily reduce operating expenses, nor does it necessarily decrease the need for personnel to analyze marketing activities.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 355). Mason, OH: South-Western.
48. C
Watching what consumers do. Observation is a marketing-research method that gathers data by watching consumers. This can be carried out by using cameras, by assigning people to watch consumers’ actions, or by using scanners that record what consumers buy. Test marketing new products is part of the experiment method of collecting data. Calling consumers on the telephone and surveying consumers by mail are part of the survey method of collecting data.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: Khazanchi, D. (n.d.). Data collection methods: Observation studies. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://www.isqa.unomaha.edu/dkhazanchi/teaching/isqa8060/slides/274,4,Observation
49. B
Primary market research. Concept testing involves exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback. Concept testing is one way to conduct primary market research, which results in obtaining new information specifically for the project at hand. The benefit of conducting primary market research is that it provides information that is relevant to the concept being tested. Other ways to conduct primary market research include analyzing focus groups, evaluating readership, and pretesting.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 468-469]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
50. A
Objectives. There is a strong relationship between the research purpose and the research objectives which are the goals of the research. Businesses create research objectives to help answer the research problem. For example, if the problem is service, one objective might be to determine customer satisfaction with delivery. Strategies are plans of action, or activities, for achieving goals and objectives. A procedure is the step-by-step process personnel follow in performing a specific task.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 612). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. C
To revise its marketing strategy. Businesses monitor lost-business reports because they usually contain an explanation of why customers no longer buy from the business. The reports might indicate that customers are dissatisfied with the product, dissatisfied with the business's credit policies, or are getting better prices and more service from competitors. A business might use this information to make changes to its marketing strategy in an attempt to regain customers or to prevent other customers from taking their business elsewhere. The more information a business obtains from lost-business reports, the better able it is to make useful and effective marketing decisions. Businesses do not use the information in lost-business reports to change their operating goals, identify their target markets, or update their promotional techniques.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Kotler, P. (2000). Marketing management (10th ed.) [pp. 47, 633-634]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
52. D
Each answer has a specific numeric value. Businesses often develop surveys to obtain marketing information. To process and analyze that information, businesses often develop a code for the answers to survey questions. Coding is the process of assigning a numeric value to the various responses on a marketing questionnaire or survey. For example, there are five possible answers to a question, and the first answer has a numeric value of one. The second answer has a numeric value of two, the third answer has a numeric value of three, and so on. By using a code, businesses can quickly process the results to determine which response is selected the most or the least. Coding does not involve numbering questions in chronological order, or tabulating results according to date received. Although each survey may contain a unique identification number, that is not an example of coding.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Jr., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2000). Marketing research: A practical approach for the new millennium (pp. 482-491). Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
53. C
Concise and objective. A questionnaire is a set of written questions designed to gather information. So that a business can obtain the most reliable information possible, questionnaire developers should make sure that the questionnaire is clear, concise, and objective, or free of bias. If the questionnaire is designed in a way that it is ambiguous (vague), complex, or adaptable, the business risks not obtaining reliable data.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [p. 275]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
54. D
Marketing concept. The marketing concept is based on satisfying the needs and wants of customers. By reordering a discontinued product, businesses are satisfying their customers’ requests. The production process is the activity of producing goods and services. The promotional mix is the combination of communication channels a business uses. The promotional-mix concept does not result from providing previously discontinued products. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way! (Marketing)
55. A
Plan of action. Businesses determine a plan of action for achieving their goals and objectives. This plan of action in marketing is known as a marketing strategy. In this example, the goal is to increase profitability, and the plan for achieving that goal is to open a new location. Marketing mix is the combination of the four elements of marketing. Although risk is involved with every plan of action, the plan of action is not a type of risk. Financial planning involves developing budgets, which includes predicting the company's sales and expenses for a specific period.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 7—Pick the Mix (Marketing Strategies)
56. B
The population of a town increases when a new hospital opens in the community. External changes occur outside the business, and the business has no control over these changes. Examples of external changes that may affect sales forecasts are population changes, economic changes, competitive changes, and market changes. Internal changes, on the other hand, are circumstances that occur within a business over which the business has some degree of control. Such factors would include changes in personnel, promotion, and pricing.
SOURCE: MP:013 
SOURCE: Fastlinksolutions. (n.d.). Sales forcasting: Factors that influence sales. Retrieved April 17, 2009, from http://www.fastlinksolutions.co.uk/calculat.htm#factors
57. A
Identity. Managing information regarding copyrights and trademarks helps a company to preserve its identity. If a competitor tries to infringe upon this protected material, the company will be ready to stake its claim quickly. Copyrights and trademarks do not necessarily relate to inventory, correspondence, or customers.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
58. C
Worldwide. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Its scope is worldwide rather than regional because it is available to anyone who has access to a computer that has connectivity. Certain elements of the Internet are secure; however, that does not affect the scope. The Internet is not proprietary.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 208). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. A
Transition. The transition tool provides a variety of ways for slides to move smoothly from one to the next. The effects tool is used to determine how the text or graphics will appear within the slide. Animation is the overall term for creating movement in the presentation. Formatting is the tool for creating the overall look of the presentation.
SOURCE: NF:008 
SOURCE: FYI Center. (n.d.). What are slide transition effects? Retrieved September 24, 2009, from http://windows.fyicenter.com/888_Tools_PowerPoint_What_Are_Slide_Transition_Effects.html
60. D
Spreadsheet. Businesses use spreadsheet software to perform mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is that it is possible to do "what if" calculations. For example, a business might enter different rates to determine the effect that those rates would have on profit. The business can experiment with different rates before deciding which rate will be most appealing to customers and still generate the desired profit. Database software is used to arrange and sort information. Desktop publishing and presentation software are used for visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Eggland, S.A., Diabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Ristau, R.A. (2000). Intro to business (4th ed.) [pp. 214-216]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
61. A
Regulations. When a law affects the records a business keeps, a regulatory factor is influencing the selection of records. Business size may also affect the selection of records, but it is not represented in this example. Leaders and the industry in which the business is involved may or may not affect the selection of records. Leaders and the industry can influence the laws that are introduced, however.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
62. D
Invoices. An invoice is a formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, and credit or discount terms. Invoices can help a business track customer purchasing habits so it can plan future business activities. Tax returns are formal documents that are completed and returned to the government. Payroll reports contain data about employees’ salaries and payment schedules. Expense reports contain information about the money sales personnel spend on behalf of the company to obtain or service its customers.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
63. A
Demographic. Demographic trends refer to the physical and social characteristics of a population. Where people live and their ethnic backgrounds are demographic characteristics. For example, there is a growing trend towards urbanization, which means that more and more people are living in cities rather than in rural areas. Also, the population of many areas is becoming more multicultural, or made up of many different ethnic groups. Businesses consider demographic trends because they realize that changes in the population have an effect on how they market their goods and services to customers. Although where customers live may affect the environment, it's not an environmental trend. Likewise, where customers live can affect their access to technology; however, it is not a technical trend. Cultural trends would involve long-term changes to people's values and beliefs. They do not relate to the ages of people.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [p. 67]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
64. D
Computer-aided design. Computer-aided design is very useful in operations. Designing and testing products in the virtual world before trying them out in the real world can save companies a lot of time and money. Using computer software, a company can design, test, and redesign a product many times over until it's ready for production—all without wasting unnecessary resources. While wireless Internet, e-mail, and smart phones might also be useful in operations, computer-aided design stands out as the most useful and specific technology to enhance this business function.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. D
Improper lifting. Many people hurt their backs because they have not learned proper lifting techniques. They lift a load that is too heavy, stand too far from the load, or use their back and arms to do the lifting. Poor posture and sitting in one position may cause some problems, but are not common causes of back injuries. Hard physical labor does not necessarily cause back injuries.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Demby, G. (2005, May 24). Provide basic lifting instructions to prevent back injuries. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://Awww.safetyxchange.org/health-safety/provide-basic-lifting-instructions-to-prevent-back-injuries
66. D
Who is doing what. Project-planning tools show you what has to be done and when, who is responsible for doing it, and how the work will be monitored. Project-planning tools do not show how pleased the stakeholders are, why you want to complete the project, or when you will do a similar project.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
67. C
Lowers costs. An important benefit of effective purchasing is that it helps businesses to keep their costs down. A business's purchasing department tries to lower costs by buying quality goods at the lowest possible price, by buying only the quantity of goods that is needed, and by making sure the goods are delivered when needed for use or for resale. Effective purchasing does not create jobs, increase assets, or reduce sales.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
68. D
Turns resources into products. Production is the process or activity of producing goods or services wanted by consumers. Production takes the business's resources (inputs) and turns them into salable products (outputs). If the products produced make a profit for the business, this could change business failure to success, but that is not the reason production is called a conversion process. Product utility is usefulness or the capability of satisfying consumers’ needs, which is a desirable result of the production process.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: Tutor2u.com (n.d.). Introduction to production and operations management. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://tutor2u.net/business/production/pom_introduction.htm
69. D
Arriving at work on time. Employees should arrive on time because the business pays them to work a specific amount of time. Rotating stock helps to keep merchandise fresh and appealing to customers, but daily rotation would increase expenses because of the time it would take. Employees should also help to control expenses by handling products carefully to prevent damage and by being on the lookout for thefts by customers or other employees.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 96]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
70. B
To eliminate health hazards. Many products, particularly drug and food products, have expiration dates printed on their packages. These dates indicate the times after which the products should not be sold or used. It is important for businesses to routinely discard products whose expiration dates have expired to avoid using or selling items that are potential health hazards. If these products are spoiled or otherwise contaminated, the people who buy and use them may experience health problems. Businesses do not discard expired products to prevent cross-contamination, obtain replacement items, or follow federal guidelines.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Mill, R.C. (2001). Restaurant management: Customers, operations, and employees (2nd ed.) [pp. 217, 219]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
71. A
Dandruff free. Dandruff is a scaly condition of the scalp, and some of the scales usually fall on an individual's shoulders. Preventing or controlling dandruff is important because this scattering of white scales detracts from an individual's personal appearance. Whether the hair is curled, tinted, or cut short would be a matter of personal preference.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 13—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
72. C
Brainstorming. Brainstorming is often used in a group setting to create as many ideas as possible in a limited time. A checklist is a prepared list that can be used in a variety of situations. Attribute listing is a listing of things that already exist, then considering the items as a source of change or improvement. Problem identification pinpoints a situation or circumstance that presents a problem.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
73. C
Self-management. The ability to control one's own activities, behaviors, and attitudes in the workplace is often referred to as self-management. Employees who make a conscious effort to get to work on time each day are engaging in positive self-management skills. Other activities that employees can control in the workplace might include their ability to perform and produce quality work in a given time, willingness to learn new activities, level of flexibility, and degree of workplace socializing. Self-concept refers to how one views him/herself. Inner-qualitative and personal-orientation are not terms frequently used to describe self-control issues as they relate to the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Ludden, L. (2003). Job savvy: How to be a success at work (3rd ed.) [pp. 97-98]. Indianapolis, IN: JIST Publishing, Inc.
74. D
Neighborhood businesses. Local companies where teenagers and their families do business often are good sources for first jobs. Local businesses, such as grocery stores and independent retailers, often hire teenagers on a part-time basis to work after school hours, on weekends, and during summer vacations. These businesses frequently are willing to hire the teenagers who are members of their community. Most employment agencies do not work with people looking for entry-level jobs. Teenagers usually don't find their first jobs with national corporations unless those corporations have local offices. Community training programs are intended to help train teenagers for jobs.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 33-35]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
75. D
From one to two pages. The preferred length of a resumé is one page or two pages if absolutely necessary. The most effective résumés stress the high points of the applicant's qualifications in a brief format. People who are responsible for reading the résumés do not want to spend a great amount of time trying to find out if the applicant is qualified for the position. Therefore, résumés should never be three or five pages in length. Applicants should be able to condense their experiences into a brief format and not write resumés that are as long as necessary. ,
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 49-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
76. B
To be able to promote from within. Many businesses prefer to promote from within whenever possible “ and help current employees move up the career ladder. To do this, businesses often provide ( opportunities for their employees to continue their education or receive additional training. As a result, they have a pool of qualified employees to choose from when higher-level jobs become available. This benefits the employees because they can advance within the business. Businesses often provide financial assistance, such as tuition reimbursement, to help employees continue their education. However, that is not the reason for providing the additional training. Businesses do not provide educational opportunities to identify problems in the company or to support the local community college.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 480-481]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
77. B
Promotion. Promotion involves getting customers to want to buy a good or service. Pricing involves determining the price at which sellers are willing to sell and buyers are willing to buy. Place involves determining where to sell products and which transportation channel to use. Product planning decisions involve the use of market research in determining product mix.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. A
Easier to change prices. Bar codes that include price information can be scanned into a register terminal where the price is read and recorded. When a-business needs to change. a-price, such as to offer.a sale price, an employee can enter the change into the scanning system computer, and-the change is-made for every item. This is a faster and more economical method than manually changing prices on every item. Customers will need a scanning device to read the price. There are seldom changes in the number of security personnel or employees based on the use of bar-code pricing techniques.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2001). Marketing (12th ed.) [p. 383]. New York: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
79. B
Concept testing. During concept testing, a product concept, or idea, is explored with potential customers to determine what response they would give to a proposed product idea. Idea generation is the step of new-product development in which ideas for new products are developed. Product screening involves considering each idea for a new product and discarding ideas that seem unworkable. A feasibility analysis is the step in the new-product development process that involves examining such factors as demand, costs, competition, capital investment required, and potential profit of a product to determine how it will fit into the company's product mix.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. A
Product/service management. Product/Service management is a marketing function that involves understanding the concepts and processes needed to obtain, develop, maintain, and improve a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. An important part of product/service management involves maintaining and improving the product or service because customers expect a quality product or service that keeps up with advances in technology. Satellite communications systems make it possible for businesses to track shipments from the time they are ordered until they are delivered to customers, thereby improving the product or service. Marketing-information management is a marketing function that involves understanding the concepts, systems, and tools needed to gather, access, synthesize, evaluate, and disseminate information for use in making business decisions. Transportation and receiving are distribution activities. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants, and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Promotion is a marketing function that involves communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 124-125]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
81. B
It enables consumers to buy without having to inspect each product. The use of grades and standards speeds up the buying and selling process because consumers can buy without having to inspect each product. It also furnishes information that salespeople can use to justify price, to sell benefits, and to meet customer needs. The use of grades and standards enables salespeople to recommend products that best meet customer needs. Although grades and standards provide product information, they do not address unsafe products. Unsafe products should not be offered since they are a business liability. Product prices will vary based on the product's grade. Therefore, the prices will not necessarily be high.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: British Standards Institute. (2009). What are the benefits of standards. Retrieved September 16, 2009, from http:/Awww.bsi-global.com/en/Standards-and-Publications/About- standards/What-are-the-benefits-of-standards/
82. B
Implied. An implied warranty is simply understood by both the marketer and the customer that the product will perform as expected. It is neither written nor spoken. An express warranty is one that is written or expressed verbally. A full warranty is one which covers the entire product. A limited warranty is one that covers only specific parts or certain repairs.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: The Free Dictionary. (2009). Implied warranty. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Implied+Warranty
83. D
Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act. Since the Finetunes had their digital camera for a short time when the fire occurred, the manufacturer is required to make it as easy as possible for customers to use their warranty. The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act regulates warranties offered by businesses, requiring them to provide more and better warranties. The Consumer Product Safety Act formed the Consumer Product Safety Commission which was given jurisdiction over the safety of consumer products. The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act is a federal law requiring specific information about products and producers to be provided on a product's package or label. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act bans the production, transportation, and sale of misbranded or adulterated foods, drugs, cosmetics, and medical devices.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: The Federal Trade Commission. (2008, October 28). A businessperson's guide to federal warranty law. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://www.fic.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/business/adv/bus01.shtm#Magnuson-Moss
84. C
Mix. Product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its , market's needs and its company's goals. Product line is a group of related products. Product ( differentiation is developing and promoting differences between one firm's product and similar products. Consistency is a product mix dimension that refers to how closely a firm's products are related in terms of their end use, methods of distribution and production, target market(s), and/or price range.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3—Mix & Match (Nature of Product Mix)
85. C
Bundling. Mixed product bundling is the practice of packaging different products together. Businesses price the packages so that customers pay less for bundled items than they do if they purchase each item separately. Blending, integration, and consolidation are not terms commonly used to describe the practice of packaging products together.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 604]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. B
Determine if the brand name would be culturally taboo where the product will be marketed. If a brand is to be marketed in different cultures, it is important to make sure that the brand name would be acceptable in these areas of the world. A brand name that would be culturally taboo should be dropped from the list of brand name possibilities. It is not necessary to create URLs for the product in each of the countries where the product will be marketed, develop a different trade character for each of the countries, or choose a different brand-name for each country. It would be better to use the same UR, trade character(s), and brand name everywhere that the product will be marketed.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World (Product Branding)
87. A
False, promotion can be personal or nonpersonal communication about ideas, images, goods, or services. Promotion includes both paid advertising and publicity that is provided free of charge. It can be personal promotion such as personal selling or nonpersonal such as sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PRLAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. A
Sales promotion. Sales promotion is promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that are intended to achieve a desired outcome. Sales promotions augment advertising in an effort to stimulate sales. Advertising is any paid, nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from it. Personal selling is planned, personalized communication intended to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PRLAP 1—Promotional Mix
89. B
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The interactive feature of the Internet means that businesses can promote their products to large audiences throughout the world and often receive an immediate response. In many situations, businesses develop promotional messages that ask users to provide feedback or give them the opportunity to ask questions and receive an immediate answer. Customers often interact with a business's promotional message by purchasing goods and services online. Specialty and transit are not examples of interactive mass media. Electronic spectaculars do allow businesses to promote their ( products to large audiences; however, they are not currently interactive.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 501-502]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. D
Industry. Governments often restrict businesses in terms of their promotional activities. Some countries have independent groups (e.g., Public Citizen) that work to influence government regulation on the behalf of the consumer. In addition, many industries (e.g., media, financial services, utilities) have self- regulatory procedures in place to protect the integrity of their field. Competitive is a general term used to describe the level of rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Nonprofit is a legal business structure. Liability is defined as debt.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Wells, W., Burnett, J., & Moriarty, S. (2003). Advertising principles and practice (6th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
91. B
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers’ homes in the form of letters, catalogs, postcards, and folders. Broadcast media are promotional media such as radio and television, which use radio waves to reach consumers. Out-of-home media are promotional media to which we are exposed outside our homes such as outdoor and transit media. Transit media are out-of-home media found in various modes and locations of mass transportation.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
92. A
Marketers often select their direct advertising methods based on customers’ preferences. Customers often respond to promotional messages for certain products when those messages are transmitted via direct advertising (e.g., direct mail) rather than other media. For example, research indicates that customers generally prefer to receive information regarding grocery, health, and beauty products through direct mail rather than through other venues such as telephone or in retail establishments. Although direct advertising often rewards businesses with higher response rates than other forms of advertising, it cannot be assumed that most businesses receive high response rates. Computer messages (e.g., spam) are often deleted by users before the message is opened, which lowers response rates. Although some governments have introduced legislation to restrict telemarketing programs, the medium is not necessarily becoming obsolete. Infomercial and home shopping television shows can be very effective promotional tools that often experience immediate response from customers.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 359-361). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. B
Slogan. A slogan is a phrase that is easy to remember. It often becomes identified with the product or the advertiser, who may be the producer and/or seller of the product. Copy is the text of an ad. Headline is the text set in large type and usually positioned at the top of the ad. Illustration is a photograph, drawing, painting, or graphic.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Michael J. Motto Advertising. (2002). An advertising glossary. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://www.motto.com/glossary.html
94. A
Set objectives. Objectives are goals to be reached. One of the first steps in developing a promotional plan involves deciding what the plan is trying to accomplish and establishing objectives to achieve that goal. In most cases, the primary objective of a promotional plan is to increase sales and profit. All other aspects of promotional planning are contingent on setting objectives. Preparing a budget, creating a schedule, and designing a message are steps in developing a promotional plan that take place after the objectives are set.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2002). Marketing (p. 419). Mason, OH: South-Western.
95. A
Visual merchandising. When holding special promotions, retail businesses should coordinate the various promotional activities, such as visual merchandising, signage, and advertising. The purpose of the promotion is to attract customers. Coordinating all the promotional activities usually creates a stronger focus and is more likely to attract customers. For example, the displays in the business should promote the same theme as the advertising and the special events. Product planning, information gathering, and sales training are not promotional activities.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 302-304]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. D
Selling. Selling is determining customer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Carlos is, therefore, engaged in selling. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
97. B
Reputation. This example shows that the business is building a loyal following and demonstrates a solid relationship by showing that it stands behind its products and cares about the customer. Customers often recommend businesses that provide good service, which also tends to build a positive reputation. Providing good customer service is essential for an organization to make a profit and stay in business. Spirit refers to the "can-do" attitude of employees in an organization. A critical aspect of customer service is putting customer convenience first.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N., LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2001). Professional selling: A trust-based approach (pp. 258-259). Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. B
Fail to keep promises. Loyalty and goodwill can be wiped out quickly by salespeople who are discourteous, indifferent, and poorly informed. If salespeople use high-pressure sales tactics or fail to fulfill promises, businesses can expect to lose client loyalty. Avoiding competition may be detrimental to sales efforts. Implementing business policies, giving customers full attention, and understanding the products they sell will help salespeople to build clientele.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
99. C
Technical. Experienced salespeople often are well-informed about the technical aspects of the products they sell. New employees should take advantage of this knowledge and ask the experienced personnel to explain product information that may be technical or confusing to them or to customers. New salespeople usually are able to interpret routine, favorable, and ordinary product information on their own.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Ford, N.M., Walker, O.C., Johnston, M.W., & Tanner, J.F. (2000). Sales force management (6th ed.) [pp. 391, 397, 401-402]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
100. C
The nature of the customer. Because of the limited contact with customers, retailers tend to spend little time prospecting, determining customer needs, and building relationships. This is generally because in many retail situations, customers already know what they want when they walk into the store. A manufacturing company generally sells to other businesses. The volume of customers is generally less, and the representatives need to spend more time qualifying customers and determining their needs. Since retail businesses and manufacturing companies vary within their own industries in terms of sales volume, communication levels, and business structures (e.g., corporation, hybrid), these options are not usually considered primary differences in regard to selling approaches.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: Murphy, D. (2007, April 6). Marketing for B2B vs. B2C—Similar but different. Retrieved September 4, 2009, from http://vista-consulting.com/marketing-b2b-vs-b2c/
Test 1028
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Contract. Contracts are agreements among two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. If one business promises to do something for another business in return for receiving compensation, the two businesses have a contract. Then, the businesses are obligated to fulfill their part of the contract. In most cases, contracts benefit both parties, although promising to do something in return for receiving compensation is not necessarily a benefit. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. A guarantee is a promise to the consumer that a product's purchase price will be refunded if the product is not satisfactory.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J. F., & Samuelson, S. S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. D
Disposing of hazardous waste. The federal government created the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in an effort to control and reduce pollution. The EPA enforces various laws and rules, some of which involve the way that businesses dispose of hazardous materials such as medical and nuclear waste. Businesses are required to follow EPA regulations which often are costly to carry out. If businesses fail to dispose of hazardous waste properly, they may be forced to pay expensive fines. Counseling substance abusers, adapting to worker safety, and identifying natural resources are not business activities covered by environmental regulations.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 42-43]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
3. A
Delivery. Retailers perform an important channel activity by negotiating with customers on issues such as delivery, installation, and price. Consumers are not involved in risk-taking, promotion, or manufacturing.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. A
Indirect. Distribution that takes place through one or more channel members, such as supermarkets, is indirect. The soft-drink company must sell its product directly to consumers if it takes a direct channel of distribution. Wholesale and retail operations are channel members, not channels of distribution.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Extranet. Extranet refers to a computer network that connects certain businesses, and allows them to collaborate and exchange information. Extranet technology allows the members of a distribution channel to efficiently communicate. Businesses often use extranet technologies to monitor inventory, place orders, and track shipments. A firewall is a computer security instrument. A filter is a computer software program that screens and categorizes information. Intranet refers to the computer network that allows employees to collaborate and exchange information within the business.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Grewal, D., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (pp. 416-417). Woodland Hills, CA: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
6. D
Reverse. Reverse distribution involves customers returning used products to the manufacturer. This process allows businesses to retrieve products such as automobiles, refrigerators, and glass bottles in order to reuse them, recycle them, or properly dispose of them. Reverse distribution is considered ethical because it helps to save natural resources and protect the environment. Taking back used products and recycling or disposing of them is not an example of internal, joint, or closed distribution.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 439-440]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
7. C
Good customer service. Distribution is one of the marketing functions that must work with the other marketing activities to get goods and services from producers to consumers. The goal of marketing is to satisfy consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Businesses cannot satisfy those needs and provide quality customer service unless all the marketing activities work together. For example, businesses are only able to serve customers when they have the advertised items on hand and at the right price. Not all businesses need or use product displays, provide free delivery, or offer flexible credit terms.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. C
Listening. Listening involves not only hearing what the speaker is saying but making appropriate verbal responses. It is an essential part of verbal communication. Facial expressions, eye contact, and body posture are examples of nonverbal communications.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 178-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
9. D
"Betty Clark's desk." This answer will assure the caller that s/he has reached the right number even though a different voice has answered. None of the other alternatives would provide the caller with useful information.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-89]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. B
Determining the major purpose of the communication. In order to write effective communications, the writer must first determine what specific purpose (or purposes) the communication should serve. The communication is then prepared in order to accomplish those specific goals. The writer determines what details should be included and edits the communication to make sure that it is clear.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 10, 15]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. B
Straightforward. Writing information messages is a routine business activity. Throughout the day, businesspeople write messages to transmit various types of information to other people in the company or to other businesses. This type of routine information should be written in a straightforward way so that it is easy for others to understand. Routine information should not be presented in a technical way because it may be difficult for others to understand. Informational messages do not need to be persuasive or attention-getting because they are merely passing on necessary information.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 57-58]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. D
Logical evidence. Statements in a persuasive message should be supported with logical evidence. It is not effective to ask customers to do something without providing supporting information. Facts and statistics are types of logical evidence that have a positive impact on customers and help to support your message. Logical evidence is much more effective than an educated guess or a personal opinion because guesses and opinions may be inaccurate. Using simple language is a writing technique that does not necessarily support your statements.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 335-336]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. D
Informal. A short report that presents facts without analysis is considered an informal report. A formal report is more complex, has several different parts, and provides an analysis of the facts in the report. An activity report is an account of sales calls or other business activities carried out by staff.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 402]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. C
Complaining. These customers believe that everything is going wrong for them and that everyone is either taking advantage of them or not really trying to help. Leave-me-alone customers prefer or pretend to prefer to be left alone to find what they want. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced to buy. Slow/Methodical customers are those who require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
15. C
Target population. The target population is usually very large, such as all of the people who live in North America. Therefore, it is often impossible to survey the target population. As a result, researchers identify a sample of the target population, which is an accurate segment of the entire population. By surveying the sample, researchers can obtain a fairly accurate representation of the target population. The business community, the mass audience, and the general market might be the target population depending on the research and the specific research problem.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 614-615). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
16. C
Consumer demand. For whatever reason consumer demand changes, producers respond by changing supply. To balance supply with demand is one of the fundamental goals of the free market economic system. Product utility refers to the usefulness of a product. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are made available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Both product utility and place utility affect demand.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. A
Financial analysis. This is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. The information in financial records is used to measure and report the financial condition of a business, and would indicate if there were funds available to hire more employees. Strategic management is the process of planning, controlling, and organizing an organization or department. Marketing is the process of creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organizations and its stakeholders. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services wanted by consumers.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
18. A
Business risks. Such risks can jeopardize the future life of a business. Property damage, embezzlement, and shipment losses are types of risks which businesses encounter and against which they must protect themselves.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
19. B
To increase sales for businesses. Regulatory laws are passed to regulate business by prohibiting certain business activities, controlling others, and requiring businesses to meet government standards. They are not intended to promote sales.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. D
Apprentice, journeyman, and master. Apprentices are novice workers who are just beginning in the occupation. Journeymen are skilled craftsmen who have taken courses in their occupational area, passed a state exam, and been licensed. Masters are skilled, experienced craftsmen or tradesmen who have worked as journeymen and who are team leaders for other employees in the same occupation. Owners and supervisors usually are not union members.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: AllExperts.com (n.d.). Master craftsman. Retrieved October 5, 2009, from http://en.allexperts.com/e/m/ma/master_craftsman.htm
21. D
Reduced transportation costs. Many corporations locate their factories and businesses in foreign countries in order to be close to their market. This, in turn, reduces transportation costs. It is less expensive for companies to ship their goods regionally, rather than internationally. Low labor costs in their home countries, lack of cooperative trade agreements, and unfavorable monetary policies are reasons why corporations would keep their operations at home rather than locating them abroad.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4 Beyond US (International Trade)
22. A
Only traditional intelligence can be measured accurately with a written test. Although traditional intelligence can be reliably measured with a written test, tests for emotional intelligence involve selfassessment, and therefore are not so accurate. It is true that emotional intelligence can be learned, and that traditional intelligence is a characteristic at birth. Emotional intelligence is used along with traditional intelligence to describe the skills and abilities that are needed for career success. Finally, levels of intelligence, either emotional or traditional, are independent abilities. In other words, a person can have high emotional intelligence but average to below average IQ.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6 EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
23. D
Understand your own needs. When you have self-esteem, you have a healthy appreciation for yourself, your best qualities, and your finest achievements. Self-esteem acts as a pipeline through which all your aspirations and goals can pass into real, achievable results. It means you accept and care about the person you are no matter what mistakes you've made. When you brag about your accomplishments, you lack true self-esteem. You should give yourself credit for what you do not apologize and become defensive when you have done a good job. When you fail, you become fearful, unsure, and dependent. When you learn by your failures, you can be a success.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
24. A
Cooperation. Having interest and enthusiasm can help you to persuade others to help you, to work with you, or to cooperate with you in many different kinds of circumstances. Interest and enthusiasm are contagious and may help to reduce conflict and disagreements. Interest and enthusiasm do not affect security, which is freedom from danger, risk, or injury.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
25. C
Depression. Depression is a serious disorder in which the sufferer sees no way out of his/her problems and often feels hopeless. It can result from too much negative feedback such as constant criticism. Positive effects, such as enthusiasm, result from praise and other positive feedback. Optimism is a positive attitude toward life that could help an individual withstand criticism and avoid depression. Selfimportance may result when people are overly impressed with the positive feedback they receive.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
26. B
Beginning conversations with other people. The topics of discussion are much less important than your assuming responsibility for initiating the exchanges. A more assertive manner may be fostered by speaking spontaneously, rather than planning what is to be said, and asking questions when confronted with things not fully understood. Maintaining appropriate eye contact is a nonverbal assertiveness technique.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
27. D
Work to prevent the problem from happening again. Taking responsibility means more than taking the blame for something that goes wrong. It also means taking ownership of a problem, making sure it is fixed, and taking steps to prevent it from happening again. Although it is important for an effective leader to be willing to learn and make changes, s/he does not necessarily need to change his/her leadership style.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: QS LAP 027 Follow Me!
28. A
Humility. Humility is a coaching characteristic that includes a willingness to admit your mistakes. A humble attitude earns the respect and trust of those being coached. Dependability means being the type of person others can count on. Patience means that you don't get frustrated or give up on your coachee. Approachabillity means that you have the type of attitude and demeanor that says, "You can always talk to me. I'm here to help."
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7 Bring Out the Best
29. D
Bank. Bank credit cards can be used at any business that is affiliated with the system. This gives cardholders a wide range of businesses from which to choose. Retail, hotel, and petroleum cards are issued by individual companies and may be used only at their facilities.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 684-687). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. C
The benefits she could have received by using the additional cost of a new car another way. Opportunity costs are the benefits that are lost when you decide to choose one alternative over another. In this case, Emily could have used the money she spent on getting a new car on something else. Her opportunity costs are not the reliability and luxury of a new car those are benefits. Emily chose a new car over a used car, and wasn't considering public transportation, so the money saved by taking public transportation is not an opportunity cost. The money saved by not having to constantly repair a used car is a benefit of buying a new car, not an opportunity cost.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
31. C
Track and record his expenses. Realistic personal budgets involve two important considerations income (money Marcel receives) and expenses (money Marcel spends). It is important for Marcel to track his expenses because he needs to make sure that he has enough income to pay for his bills (e.g., rent, utilities, car). To track his spending, Marcel should record his expenses in a central location so he can see bill amounts and bill due dates. Recording and keeping receipts is also important for tax reporting purposes and for tax auditing situations. Developing a realistic budget does not always involve verifying a past credit rating or consulting with a bookkeeper. Marcel should develop a budget that will support his ability to pay his bills on time.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: PersonalBudgeting.com. (n.d.). Budgeting 101. Retrieved October 5, 2009, from http://www.personalbudgeting.com/tips/tips.html
32. D
Competition. Competition can be an economic risk because it affects the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. A competitor selling similar goods at lower prices may force other businesses to reduce their prices or change their products. Foreign competitors can also be an economic risk to domestic companies if they sell their goods for less than similar goods that are made in this country. Perishability and weather are natural risks. Incompetence is a human risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2 Risk Management
33. C
Credit applications. Certain types of computer software programs are designed to analyze credit applications and make decisions about granting credit to customers. This technology impacts accounting in several ways. First, it reduces personnel costs and also cuts down on the number of bad debts by eliminating the human factor in making credit decisions. It speeds up the approval process so customers can have access to credit. Businesses do not use technology in accounting to process insurance policies, product warranties, or risk factors.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 269-271). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
34. D
Sales are the same. Businesses compare the categories in their profit-and-loss statements in order to make decisions about spending. By analyzing the profit-and-loss statement, a business can find out if sales are keeping up with expenses or if it is spending more in order to make the same amount of money. If a business finds that its sales are the same and have not increased over a period of time, the business might decide to decrease expenses in order to increase profit. Most businesses try to maintain a steady cash flow, which is the movement of funds into and out of a business. If revenues are rising and salaries are lower, a business probably would not need to decrease expenses.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
35. B
Cash conversion cycle. The cash conversion cycle is a key component of managing working capital. It refers to ho long a business's mone is tied up bet een purchasing ra materials and receiving cash from sales. Financing is funding a business activity or project through debt, equity, or venture capital. Capital budgeting is determining which projects a business should invest in. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
36. B
Employee relations. Labor-union relations and negotiations are part of the HR management activity of employee relations. Staffing involves making sure human resources needs are filled. Training and development involves making sure employees are productive and knowledgeable. Compensation and benefits involves making sure employees get paid.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
37. B
Predict and control risks. Marketing information is all of the marketing-related data available from inside and outside the business. It includes information about past situations and what is happening now. By obtaining and using marketing information, business managers can predict the risks that might occur in the future and take steps to control those risks. For example, if current marketing information indicates that one product is losing popularity, a business can modify the product or repackage it to be more appealing. As a result, the business might avoid losing customers, which is a future risk. Managers often use marketing information to prepare documents and reports, but that is not an advantage of obtaining and using the information. Business managers do not obtain and use marketing information to train and direct employees, or to review and understand regulations.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [p. 124]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
38. C
Primary. Primary data are facts collected for use in one particular situation. They are gathered in a systematic manner to solve a problem, explore an opportunity, or for any purpose useful to the business. Some ways in which primary data are gathered include questioning salespeople, customers, or competitors or hiring a marketing-research company to obtain the data. Secondary data are facts already collected for some other purpose. Economic data are facts collected regarding the economy as a whole. These data may be primary or secondary in nature.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2 Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
39. B
Confidentiality. Confidentiality involves preventing the unauthorized disclosure of information. In the process of collecting marketing information, researchers often obtain private and personal information that is unethical to use or share with others without permission. Researchers need to respect client and respondent confidentiality by making sure that the information they collect and use remains confidential unless they receive explicit approval to reveal it to others. Standardization involves always performing a task in the same way. Adaptability is the ability to adjust to changing conditions. Commercialization is the point at which a product goes into full-scale production, the marketing plan is put into place, service and sales training are done, and the product's life cycle begins.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 88-91]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. D
Web-based information services. External marketing data is information from outside the business. The Internet is a technological tool that allows a business to retrieve external marketing information quickly. Web-based information services, such as online libraries, provide a wide range of information for marketers. Sales reports, accounts receivable summaries, and inventory records are examples of internal sources of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 174-181]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
41. A
Sampling. The process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey is sampling. It is usually impossible to study everyone, so researchers must use sampling. Observation gathers data, experimentation tests cause and effect, and analyzing interprets the data. They are all important to marketing research but are not part of sampling.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
42. D
Experimental. This technique is expensive because it involves setting up the research situation, such as developing a new product and then testing it on groups of consumers to determine their response. An example of the experimental research approach is quick-serve restaurants testing a new sandwich in certain markets. Technological is not a research approach. Recording means to keep track or to keep a record of something. Questioning is a variation of the survey research approach.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 616). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. D
Store policy. When a business has policies for its employees to follow in handling complaints, the customers are more likely to receive the same treatment. Procedures are the step-by-step processes that personnel follow in performing specific tasks. Customer service plan and customer complaint plan are not terms that businesses commonly use.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
44. C
Competitors' web sites. Web sites provide volumes of information designed to attract customers, partners, and suppliers; but they are also available to competitors. Information available includes new products, sales and revenue figures, hiring needs, organizational changes, company philosophy, and goals. The Better Business Bureau and Department of Commerce do not provide this information on individual companies. The local newspaper may provide some information on local competition but not to the extent available on web sites.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 612-613). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. A
Enter it into a computer for analysis. After a business collects marketing information from consumer questionnaires, it processes the information to make it useful. Many businesses enter the data into a computer that is able to tabulate, evaluate, or analyze the information according to specific criteria. Simply gathering information from questionnaires will not be helpful unless the business analyzes it to determine what it means and how it can be used. A business assigns a numeric value to the responses in a questionnaire before distributing the questionnaire to consumers. Businesses usually do not organize the information according to the date received, or arrange in alphabetical order the names of consumers who complete the questionnaire.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 528-530]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. A
Consumers buy between three and seven CDs per month. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. In the example, three was the smallest number of CDs purchased and seven was the largest number. The distance between three and seven is the range. Range is often used to describe the relation between numbers, such as the variation between the number of CDs purchased. Mean is the average, such as consumers buying an average of five CDs per month. Mode is the most common response, such as most consumers buy four CDs per month. Median is the exact middle, such as half of all consumers buying more than five CDs per month.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 445-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. C
Research objectives. A business provides a researcher with a market-research brief. The brief helps the researcher determine the best way to obtain the needed information. The brief summarizes the business's background, provides a statement about the problem or issue at hand (the purpose of the study), and provides the research objectives. This helps the researcher understand what the business wants to know before beginning the research process. A good marketing-research brief does not always state the business's financial needs, nor does it state the researcher's mission statement. The report findings are the research results.
SOURCE: IM:290
SOURCE: B2B International. (n.d.). The art of the brief. Retrieved October 5, 2009, from http://www.b2binternational.com/article17.html
48. C
Inconsistent collection method. Secondary data are information that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Marketers collect secondary data from a variety of sources, such as business web sites, research companies, trade associations, and industry journals. Although secondarydata sources can be inexpensive and provide current information, researchers must be careful to examine the way in which the source collected information. If the source publishes statistical data it has collected in an inconsistent or subjective way, the data may be skewed or exhibit bias. Industry approval, reasonable prices, and Internet accessibility are advantages associated with secondary-data sources.
SOURCE: IM:294
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 134, 136-137]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
49. A
Observation. The observation research method is often appropriate to use when researchers want to find out how employees interact with customers. By watching the interaction, researchers can study the behavior of both the employees and the customers to determine if employees are behaving correctly. The observation method provides information about what people do which may be helpful in analyzing how employees treat customers. Interviewing employees will not necessarily provide useful information about how they interact with customers. Personal is not a research method. The experimental research method often involves testing new product ideas.
SOURCE: IM:296
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 616). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. C
Provide proper training for employees. By providing training for Jordan during his first week on the job, his company is taking an important positive action. Providing training for employees is not the same as using rational and emotional motivation to convince customers to buy, protecting the business's reputation, or communicating honestly within and outside the business.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3 Just Do It Right (Compan Actions and Results)
51. D
Demographic. Demographic is the division of a market based on its physical and social characteristics. These characteristics include income, age, gender, educational level, and life stage. Java Coffee is marketing to single, young people who are presumably well educated and have money to spend on entertainment. Geographic is the division of a market based on where consumers are located. Psychographic is the division of a market based on consumers' lifestyles and personalities. Behavioral is the division of a market based on consumers' response to a product.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: IM LAP 9 Have We Met?
52. A
Downturn in the economy. A situational analysis involves examining and interpreting the environmental factors that affect a business. As a result of considering external environmental factors, a business often is able to identify potential threats in the marketplace such as increasing competition or a downturn in the economy. Once a business identifies the specific threats, it takes steps to turn them into opportunities. For example, if the economy is beginning to slow down, a business might revise its products or offer additional credit plans to appeal to a wider market. A change in pricing structure, a contract with a new supplier, and a decrease in operating expense are internal factors.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 41-42]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
53. C
Production should decrease. Businesses need to forecast the amount of products they can expect to sell in order to plan the most efficient production of those products. In this case, anticipated decreases in sales should be matched by decreased production in order to meet the shift in demand. Increasing production or keeping it at the same level will create too much inventory. The business might have to reduce its prices in order to sell the inventory.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., Thill, J. V., & Mescon, M. H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 297-298]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
54. D
Computer systems. Computer systems consist of the hardware and software components that enable computers to function. One of their purposes is to store information for future use. Scanners are input devices that can read text or illustrations on paper and translate the information into a form the computer can use. The scanner, itself, does not store information, but enables computers to store it. Display screens, or monitors, display the characters being keyed into the computer; they are not storage devices. CD-ROMs are written during their manufacturing process; they cannot be used to store business information since they are Read Only devices.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Anatomy of a digital computer. (n.d.). October 5, 2009, from http://www.nos.org/srsec330/330L1.pdf
55. B
Accounting records. Businesses must manage many different types of information, including accounting records. A business would not have information about employees' personal bills or competitors' payrolls. A business may or may not manage information about government spending, depending on its effect on the business or industry.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
56. D
No longer needed. If a record isn't used for a long period of time and is no longer necessary, it is often destroyed. Businesses usually are unable to keep every record and systematically review and destroy those that are not vital to the operation. The fact that the record is no longer needed determines if it is destroyed, not its age or storage location. Many records are not required by law, but businesses keep them as long as they are needed.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
57. C
Analyze the information. Most businesses maintain customer records that contain information about what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are spending. By analyzing this information, businesses are able to plan future sales and obtain the products that will appeal to customers and encourage them to buy. Without this type of information, businesses might have no idea what customers will want to buy in the future, or how much they will be willing to spend. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are buying and how much they are spending in order to plan an inventory count, offer quality service, or develop a quality environment.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
58. C
Protecting consumer privacy. Businesses are becoming more concerned with ways of protecting consumer privacy because of the new technology that makes it easy to gather and disseminate personal information. The rapid growth of electronic commerce, which enables consumers to purchase products online, also enables businesses to collect information about credit cards, personal preferences, and buying habits that many consumers prefer to keep private. In response to a growing concern on the part of consumers, businesses are trying to develop techniques that will protect consumer privacy not only online but also from other types of abuses. Economic expansion and marketing research are fundamental business activities rather than current trends. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. C
Economic. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor because unemployment has an effect on consumers' ability to buy goods and services. If consumers are unemployed, they do not have income to spend. As a result, businesses do not sell as much because consumers are not buying. When this situation occurs, businesses often reduce expenses in an attempt to stay in business until the rate of employment starts to rise again. The rate of unemployment is not a geographic, political, or cultural factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. B
The next accident could result in an injury. The fact that one accident does not result in an injury does not ensure that the next accident will have the same results. An accident that does not cause an injury should be reported to a supervisor so that the circumstances causing the accident can be corrected if possible. This may save someone else from injury. Government regulations vary from state to state and for different industries. Reporting a noninjurious accident does not prevent future liability.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
61. C
So you can achieve your objectives. Knowing exactly what it is you want to do (precise project definition) helps you achieve your objectives. It does not help you create something tangible, though your project may involve tangible items or a tangible outcome. It does not help you involve other people, though you may want or need to do that. And, unfortunately, it does not help you spend less money because by detailing what you want to do you might discover that your project will be more expensive than you realize.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28 From Here to Done
62. A
Identify and correct problems. An important benefit of project management is that it allows the manager to identify problems and make corrections. By monitoring the project, it is usually possible to detect problems early and save the project from failure. When the manager notices that the project is not going as planned or is encountering difficulties, there is time to take action to correct the problem. Benefits of project management do not include allowing the manager to make all of the decisions, have power and authority, or work with interesting people.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
63. A
Negotiate a long-term price. One of the advantages of placing a standing order is that the auto-parts store might be able to negotiate a long-term price for the product. In many cases, the vendor will guarantee the price if the store agrees to buy a certain quantity every week for a length of time. This is a cost-effective way for stores to order products that are in regular demand because they can lock in a price and be assured that a consistent supply of products is available. Some vendors supply attractive point-of-purchase displays, but usually for seasonal or unusual products rather than products that need to be delivered every week. Stores need to keep track of the inventory regardless of the type of ordering system they use. Stores do not place standing orders to attract more customers, but to satisfy estimated demand for products.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing andsupply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 468-470]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. C
Semivariable. Semivariable costs are expenses that change very little and are not affected by sales volume as much as variable costs. Fixed costs are going to remain the same no matter how many units of a product are produced or marketed. Variable costs vary according to changes in sales volume or sales revenue and can also change in proportion to the number of items produced. Nonoperating costs are costs to the company for goods for which they resell or raw materials that are used to produce goods or services to be sold.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Answers.com. (n.d.). Semi variable cost. Retrieved October 5, 2009, from http://www.answers.com/topic/semi-variable-cost-1#
65. B
Present a favorable business image. The cleanliness and neatness of a business contributes to a favorable image. Keeping employees busy is not a valid reason to perform housekeeping functions. Insurance companies do not inspect businesses on a regular basis. Maintenance involves upkeep and repairs rather than housekeeping.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Stutts, A. T., & Wortman, J. F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction(2nd ed.) [pp. 88, 99-101]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. C
It is best to wear "loud" colors in clothing. Colors should be well balanced and enhance to your personal coloring. Be extremely careful with "loud" colors in clothing. The alternatives represent guidelines for proper business dress.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
67. A
You will waste a lot of time and effort. Without goals, you may put out a lot of time and effort without getting ahead. Many people are unsuccessful simply because they haven't set goals for themselves. Setting goals focuses your efforts in one direction, gives you a way to measure your progress, and contributes to a high level of self-esteem.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
68. B
Identify an appropriate career. In order to find out which career would be most appropriate for you, you first need to know yourself. This involves identifying the things that interest you, as well as assessing your skills, aptitudes, and other traits. Assessing your interests will not help you to increase your level of ability. It also will not help in measuring work skills or improving study habits.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R. & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 475-476]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. A
Provide a brief explanation of your qualifications for a job. A letter of application should be considered an opportunity to convince the reader that you have the qualifications that match the job opening. Your "sales pitch" should be briefly presented, saving the details for the job interview. You should avoid the use of humor in application letters since you are writing about an important, serious topic. Educational achievements should be stressed in relation to the job opening if you have little or no work experience to discuss. The employer should receive a neatly typed, original letter of application.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. C
Product management. Product managers create, test, and decide how a product will be packaged. They direct and coordinate all aspects of the product. Advertisers develop messages and images to catch customers' attention, inform them of products, and persuade them to buy. They use a variety of media to communicate with customers. Some of these media are the Internet, radio, television, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and catalogs. Marketing researchers are responsible for determining what customers need and want and why customers do what they do. Distribution/Warehousing careers are responsible for physically linking products with consumers by transporting and storing products.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 660-664). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. C
Internet. More than a new way to take orders and deliver merchandise, the Internet has proven valuable to consumers as a source of information and a new way to compare prices and products. The Internet provides customers with more information about more products in less time than they can obtain from making telephone calls or by reading the newspaper or a catalog.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Czinkota, M.R., & Kotabe, M. (2001). Marketing management (2nd ed.) [p. 305]. Mason, OH: South-Western Publishing Co.
72. C
Agreeing on the price of a certain product. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. An example of price fixing is all of the local companies in the same business agreeing on the price to charge for a certain product. Customers will pay the same price regardless of the company because all of the companies are charging the same price. Charging different customers different prices for the same product is price discrimination. Selling one product below cost is loss-leader pricing. Putting pressure on customers to buy an expensive product is high-pressure selling.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 460]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. A
Economic growth. In times of economic growth, both individuals and business increase their spending, which increases demand. When demand is higher than producers can meet, prices go up. During times of economic growth, people have more money to spend and are willing to pay higher prices to purchase the goods and services that they want and need. As a result, the selling price often increases. High unemployment, elastic demand, and an abundant supply are factors that often cause a decrease in the selling price of goods and services.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, realchoices (5th ed.) [pp. 350-351]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
74. D
Packaging. Packaging is placing the product in a protective wrap or container before it is offered for sale. It is an area of product management that has increased in importance as the number of items available to consumers has increased. The package must be eye-catching in order to attract purchasers. It must also protect the product, create a product image ranging from economy to luxury, and identify the product brand. Good packaging helps to increase sales. Labeling provides information about the product and attracts customers but does not protect the product. Idea generation is the process of thinking up or creating new plans, schemes, and thoughts. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
75. C
Maturity. Maturity is the stage in the product life cycle in which sales peak and profits increase. However, many businesses are competing for those sales because the product is popular and in demand. Businesses expect to make money selling products in the maturity stage, but they realize that they will need to be competitive. During the introduction phase of a product, a business is more likely to lose money than to make it. Universal and existing are not stages of a product life cycle.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 644-645). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
Increases efficiency. A database stores all of a business's records and information in a central location. A business uses computer databases to store sales records, financial information, inventory status information, etc. By storing the information in a networked computer system, employees can quickly obtain the same information at the same time, which can increase the business's efficiency. Using a computer database does not decrease product usage, increase (consumer) demand, or decrease order accuracy.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 451-453]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
77. B
Guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Recourse is someone or something to which one can turn for help. A strategy is a plan of action for achieving goals or objectives.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 674-677). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. D
Federal Trade Commission. The regulatory agency established by the federal government and given the authority to enforce consumer-protection laws is the Federal Trade Commission. This agency has the most influence on marketing activities. The FTC is responsible for holding Franklin Juice Company responsible for its advertising and holding the company accountable. The Food and Drug Administration is the federal agency that holds producers responsible for any injury that the business's products may cause. The Consumer Affairs Department is a division of local government that assists consumers in handling problems. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is the regulatory agency established by the federal government to enforce product safety laws.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 126, 129-130). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. A
To avoid legal liabilities. Product liability has become a major problem for many companies. Rather than risk a lawsuit, a company will remove the product from its product mix. The use of an expansion strategy will enable companies to appeal to a new market and to offer customers complementary products. Increasing market risk is a disadvantage associated with the contraction strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
80. B
Cable television and Internet fees cost consumers less when the services are purchased together rather than if they are purchased individually. Mixed product bundling is the practice of packaging different products together. Businesses often price the packages so that customers pay less for bundled items than they do if they purchase each item separately. Telecommunication companies often engage in product bundling practices by pricing packages for their services (e.g., Internet, cable, installation) for a lower amount than if the customer purchased each service individually. When a manufacturer gives its distributors lower prices for purchasing large quantities of a single item, it is called a discount. Coupons and cereal samples are examples of sales promotion. Laundry detergent that is not packaged with other items is not considered an example of product bundling.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 661). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
Perceive. Product positioning is the customer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products. A product's image influences how a customer views or perceives the product. Outsource refers to the practice of acquiring assistance from outside organizations or consultants to obtain goods or services to accomplish business objectives. Positioning does not necessarily affect how a person uses a product. In many cases, there is only one purpose or way to use a product, regardless of the way that it is positioned in the marketplace. Trade is defined as the process of exchanging one good/service for another.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 246-247]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
82. A
Procter and Gamble. A corporate brand is the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Procter and Gamble is a corporate brand with which many consumers are familiar. Tide detergent, Charmin bath tissue, and Oil of Olay are Procter and Gamble products.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Dhruv, G., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (p. 284). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. D
More informed. Promotion benefits customers by making them more informed. Informed customers are in a better position to choose between or among products and make buying decisions that will best satisfy their needs. The goal of promotion is not necessarily to entertain customers, although many promotions may do so. Customers don't benefit from buying products they don't need.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
84. D
Firestone promotes its efforts to exchange tires on Ford Explorers. Public-relations promotions are created to deal with controversial issues that are in the public's best interest and are also somehow related to the company. In this case, Firestone was trying to overcome a negative image. LensCrafters' and the American Beef Association's promotions are product promotions. Smithson's Bank is an example of patronage promotion which promotes a firm's prestige or its features.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4 Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
85. B
Newspaper ad. A newspaper ad is an example of advertising-any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas. Window displays, fashion shows, and demonstrations are examples of sales promotion. Sales promotion consists of activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate consumer purchases.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1 Promotional Mix
86. C
Stereotyping. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person or thing. When an advertiser stereotypes a person or group of people, there is an assumption that the entire group always behaves in a certain way, which isn't always true. Therefore, stereotyping is often viewed as treating people in an unfair manner, and can evoke ethical issues. Puffery is the practice of using exaggerated expressions to describe a product or its features (e.g., "the best"). Sexism involves stereotyping people on the basis of gender. Libel is defined as a written or published statement that portrays an entity in an unfavorable way.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 216). Mason, OH: South-Western.
87. A
Electronic mail. Electronic mail (e-mail) refers to the electronic transmission of messages across computer networks. Businesses often use electronic mail to send promotional messages to customers or potential customers in a cost-efficient manner. Encryption card, interactive banner, and exclusive kiosk are not technological terms that are commonly used to describe a means of sending promotional messages.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [p. 505]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
88. A
Advertising. Word-of-mouth communication is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. It is a type of advertising because it spreads the word about the business to other audiences and potential customers. Many businesses encourage word-of-mouth advertising because it is an effective way to promote the business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relations in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Retailing involves buying consumer goods or services and selling them to the ultimate consumer. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 441-443). Mason, OH: South-Western.
89. A
Sales promotions. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Sweepstakes and contests are examples of communications channels, the means used to provide information to others, that are often used in sales promotions. Sweepstakes and contests attract a lot of attention and are effective ways to provide information about products. Sweepstakes and contests are used in sales promotions rather than in advertising campaigns and publicity programs. They may be advertised through commercials on various media.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 393-395). Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. D
Solutions. All the elements of a print ad must be coordinated to produce the effect desired for the advertisement as a whole. If the headline identifies a problem, the copy should tell how the product will solve the problem. By solving the problem raised in the headline, the copy completes the intended message of the advertisement. Providing examples, descriptions, or reactions does not coordinate the copy with the headline.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 425-433). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. A
Lobbying. Many large businesses and industry organizations that are affected by government rules and regulations often use the public-relations activity of lobbying to deal with government officials. Lobbying involves monitoring pending legislation, working with lawmakers to explain the industry's position, and encouraging the passage of legislation that is favorable to the industry. The goal of lobbying is to establish good relations with government to benefit the business or industry. Advising and counseling are public-relations activities that involve working with management of the business. Writing is usually the responsibility of copywriters.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 456). Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. D
Promotional program. A promotional program is a framework for the promotional activities of a business. Participating in trade shows is a promotional activity because it involves a business displaying and/or demonstrating its products to build sales leads and interest. The goal is to communicate information to the target audience to encourage those consumers to buy. Trade shows are an effective promotional tool because the consumers who attend are the most likely prospects for a business's goods and services. An advertising campaign is a series of advertisements planned around a central theme. Direct sales involve calling on customers. A sponsorship is a partnership in which a company pays a fee to affiliate itself with a team, league, or event.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 404). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. A
Coordination of promotional activities. Promotional activities are coordinated when two or more different types of activities, such as samples and displays, are combined. Cooperative advertising involves funds provided to businesses by producers to help pay for the businesses' advertising. Institutional advertising promotes the image of the business in order to create goodwill. Selecting channels of distribution involves deciding what paths or routes goods and services will take from the producer to the consumer.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 18-20). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. A
Product knowledge. Brittany displays product knowledge by knowing her products inside and out and being able to explain their features in terms of benefits for specific customers. Self-motivation, selfconfidence, and ethics are all characteristics of successful salespeople, but they are not displayed by Brittany in this situation.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. D
Building a clientele. A clientele is a body of customers upon which an organization can rely for considerable repeat business. The fact that Jack's customers have stayed with him for 20 years indicates that he has built a clientele. Jack may have built his clientele by offering good service, promoting his business, and selecting effective marketing strategies, but no evidence of that is given.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115 Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
96. C
Truthful. A high level of ethics will compel you to behave in a truthful way, whether or not legal issues are involved. With a high level of ethical behavior, you will not behave in a sneaky, suspicious, or questionable manner. You will conduct yourself honestly, even when people aren't looking. This may or may not mean that you will obey the laws governing you.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129 Keep It Real In Sales (Selling Ethics)
97. A
Mapping software. This software is used in territory management and enables managers to align territories and get an instant visual display of the effects. Outbound telemarketing allows companies to build extensive databases of current as well as potential customers. Database software is used to create records of customers and related information for future use by the business. Inbound telemarketing occurs when customers call a toll-free number to place an order, file a complaint, or ask a question.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [p. 205]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
98. C
Content. The label of products is often a good source of product information. Government regulations require that the content of food products be included on the label or package. The fat-free claim must be backed up by a list of specific ingredients that verifies the absence of fat. Quality and grade are indicated by seals of approval or government grades. An indication of size could be stated as "16 fl. oz."
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 664-667). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. A
Ask appropriate questions and listen to each customer. Since each customer has different needs and wants, the salesperson needs to ask questions about how the customer will use the product and determine what is important to the customer (e.g., style, service, durability). Once the information is obtained by the salesperson, s/he can determine the most appropriate product for the customer. Surveys completed by past customers will not always indicate the needs and wants of current customers. Brochures and literature are generally distributed to undecided buyers and are used as a follow-up tool. Hidden benefits are generally explained after the salesperson has determined the customer's initial needs and wants in terms of product features and benefits.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. A
Middle. This level of management is responsible for the daily functioning of the business. It also serves as a liaison between top-level and supervisory management. Top management develops broad company plans, while supervisory, or operating, management is the management level that implements management plans through direct supervision of workers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 6 Manage This!
Test 1038
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. A
Applies the laws. The U.S. judicial system is the nation's court system. It is responsible for interpreting and applying the laws of the land. The primary purpose of the U.S. judicial system is not to control, organize, or supplement the laws.
SOURCE: BL:068
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 33]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Corporation. Corporation ownership permits ownership by simply buying shares of stock. Sole proprietorship is a form of ownership that requires owner participation. General partnership is designed to combine the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. Close corporations do not offer their shares for sale to the general public.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Forms of Business Ownership)
3. B
A large piece of farm machinery. Exclusive distribution means selling a product through just one middleman in a geographic area. Marketers use this method when they need to maintain tight control over a product. This is why exclusive distribution is often used for specialty products that are technical in nature or require specialized services such as installation or repair. Examples of these products are airplanes and large machinery. Milk and magazines are examples of convenience products, which usually use intensive distribution patterns. A silk necktie is an example of a consumer shopping good, which usually uses a selective distribution pattern.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. A
Manufacturer; wholesaler; retailer; consumer. Many producers of consumer goods cannot afford to offer small shipments. This channel enables the manufacturer to ship large quantities to the wholesaler, who in turn breaks the shipment into smaller segments to sell to retailers, who sell to consumers. This reduces packing and shipping expense to the manufacturer.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Restricts competition. The Sherman Act of 1890 and the Clayton Act of 1914 were drafted to prohibit monopolistic practices that encouraged anticompetitive activities. If coercive power is used to substantially reduce competition, it is in violation of federal or state antitrust laws. Exclusive territories are legal under certain circumstances. Arbitration and contracts are legal.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 401-403]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. D
Communicate clearly. Marketing activities are all tasks and processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value by providing customers with desired products. Channel members are all of the businesses and individuals who assist in moving goods and services from the producer to the customer. For the products to move efficiently through the distribution system, it is important for all channel members to clearly communicate with each other. For example, if a retailer plans to promote a specific item on a specific day, it must advise the producer or wholesaler to make sure that the items are available on the day of the promotion for customers to purchase. For maximum efficiency, channel members should adopt an interdependent rather than an independent mindset. Sanctions are not always necessary to coordinate marketing activities. Although most businesses conduct different types of audits (e.g., financial), not all businesses in a supply chain conduct them for all marketing activities.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Lamb, C.W., Jr., Hair, J.F., Jr., & McDaniel, C. (2003). Essentials of marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 48-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
7. D
Take notes while reading. Employees often are expected to read a wide variety of materials to obtain information that they can use on the job or to help the company. Some of this material may be complex, technical, and difficult to understand. To extract relevant information effectively, it is often useful to take notes while reading. Jotting down key points or summarizing helps employees to focus on the information and remember it. It may not be possible to ask frequent questions when reading. Outlines are developed before writing begins. Skimming through chapter titles is not an effective way to extract information.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 310). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. A
Active listening. Listening is a communication technique that involves processing and understanding a verbal message. When people actively listen for understanding, they support and encourage a speaker who is attempting to deliver a message. Active listening involves paying attention in order to respond to the speaker. Taking notes and speed reading are not communication techniques. Making comments might encourage a speaker if the comments are appropriate. However, some comments may discourage a speaker.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 18-21, 36-37]. Cincinnati: SouthWestern Educational.
9. A
Focus on the message's content. In order to follow directions, the listener must hear the directions clearly. This requires active listening in which the listener is making an effort to learn by "tuning out" any distractions in the area, concentrating on what the speaker is saying, and keeping his/her mind alert. The employee is not expected to give feedback or to evaluate what is being said. S/He would be expected to ask questions if necessary.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 51]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. D
Pronounce words clearly. To enunciate means to create clear sounds and to correctly pronounce words. The speed at which words are pronounced may be fast or slow, but words need to be spoken distinctly, not run together.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd. ed.) [p. 35]. Cincinnati: South-Western Educational.
11. A
Place the good news at the beginning and the bad news in secondary position(s). Bad news stands out, and so while he needs to honestly share bad news, it should be handled with care or else it will eclipse the good news. To do this, good news should always be used at the beginning and be allocated more space than bad news. If a post-script is used, it should contain good news since it will be the last impression for the reader.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empoweringthe Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 121]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. D
Attacking someone else's idea. When you ask questions in an open-minded way, you avoid attacking someone else's idea. You evaluate what you have to say before you say it and avoid all sarcasm. Your goal is to phrase your question in a way that seeks helpful information. You do not avoid suggesting a better way to do something, stating your own opinion, or mentioning the truth.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
13. A
Initialisms. An initialism is an abbreviation for a word—a modern form of shorthand that is commonly used when writing informal messages, such as e-mail and text messages. Some businesses and industries use initalisms as part of their organizational culture. Examples of initalisms include FYI (for your information), 2L8 (too late), and LOL (laugh out loud). Because many people do not use or understand initialisms, it is best not to use them when writing professional e-mails. A conjunction is a word that connects two words or phrases (e.g., and, or, but). A modifier is an adjective or adverb. An antonym is a word that means the opposite of another word (e.g., hot, cold).
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 94]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. D
Routine. Employees often use simple written reports to provide managers with routine information, such as the number of items sold each week. Routine information is the type of data that managers need on a regular basis in order to monitor the operation of the business. Simple written reports are straightforward and direct and contain only routine business information. They do not contain analytical, extensive, or indepth information, which is usually presented in complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [p. 190]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
15. B
Repeat business. A business needs to maintain a positive relationship with customers in order to attract repeat business. Customers who encounter discourteous treatment by employees often do not return. The loss of repeat business is very costly because it is more expensive to attract new customers than to keep existing ones. Also, customers who are poorly treated usually tell others. As a result, many potential customers may decide not to do business with the company. Customers who are treated discourteously by employees often complain about the business, develop a negative impression of the business, and experience service problems.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 6, 12). Mason, OH: South-Western.
16. A
Disagreeable. Disagreeable customers often complain. These customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are also argumentative, irritable or moody, insulting, impatient, and may have a leaveme-alone attitude. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced that something is true. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Domineering/Superior customers are overly self-confident and feel that they know more and are better than the average person.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
17. A
Listen to Karl and see the problem through his eyes. The first step in providing customer service is to forget any other concern and focus on the customer's problem. The customer should be listened to as long as necessary to understand the problem. To state the company's policy about carpet installation or to put the customer on hold does not allow the service provider to understand the problem. Alternatives to the problem will be developed, but only after the problem is understood.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 50, 52-53. 68). Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
18. C
Economic service. An economic service is a productive act that satisfies economic wants. Goods are tangible objects that can be manufactured for resale. A natural resource is any resource found in nature that is used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
19. D
Utility. A product that has the ability to satisfy consumer wants or needs is said to have utility, or usefulness. There are four kinds of utility: form, place, time, and possession. The other alternatives are affected by product utility. Costs, profits, and demand increase or decrease as product utility changes.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It
20. A
Manufacturer. A manufacturer is a type of producer that changes the shapes or forms of materials so that they will be useful to consumers. For example, a manufacturer that purchases cotton from a farmer makes fabric. The manufacturer then sells the fabric to apparel manufacturers to make clothes or to other businesses that sell fabrics to consumers. A trade industry is a business that buys and sells goods to others, such as retailers who sell to consumers and wholesalers who sell to retailers. A mining business is an example of a raw-goods producer, which provides goods in their natural state, such as coal.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (The Role of Business in Society)
21. C
Number of subordinates. A business depends on its managers to coordinate resources to accomplish its goals. An aspect of the management function is control, which monitors the work effort. The manager's span of control refers to the range of employees who report to the manager. Each manager's span of control can vary due to the number of employees who directly report to him/her. For example, a marketing manager may have five employees to oversee, while the accounting manager may have one employee to monitor. Depending on the way the business is organized, some management positions may be affected by the business's products, distribution channels, or funding, but the number of employees who report to the manager has a direct impact on the manager's span of control.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Gibson, J.L., Ivancevich, J.M., Donnelly, J.H., & Konopaske, R. (2003). Organizations: Behavior, structure, processes (11th ed.) [pp. 385-387]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
22. D
Market. In a market system, consumers control the allocation of resources and production according to what they are willing to buy. Government controls the allocation of resources and the means of production in a communist command system. A traditional system requires few economic decisions— everything that is produced is consumed and/or bartered. Both government and business determine production and the allocation of resources in a socialist command system.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17—Who's The Boss? (Economic Systems)
23. D
A new bank opens in a community already served by three banks. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Direct competition occurs between or among businesses that offer similar types of goods or services. The installation of the conveyor belt would increase efficiency. The "Back-to-School" sale may or may not be an example of direct competition depending upon whether another department store is having the same kind of sale. The workers' strike would increase labor costs.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
24. C
A customer purchases a sweater. This is an example of a personal consumption expenditure. Personal consumption expenditures include the final market value of all services and new and used goods purchased for consumption by individuals and nonprofit institutions. In the case of the restaurant, the florist, and the bakery, the purchases will be resold to consumers, and that value will be counted in GDP.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
25. C
Gross domestic product. This is the final market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. When the unemployment rate is high, a lot of people are out of work. As a result, production decreases because workers are not working and producing goods and services. When production decreases, the gross domestic product also decreases. A high rate of unemployment does not have an impact on the equilibrium price level, personal income tax, or terms of trade.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [p. 138]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
26. C
False generalization. When Jennifer thinks she is a poor employee because of one performance review, she is falsely generalizing about herself. She's letting a few small mistakes seem like an entire weakness. She is not comparing herself to others, being modest, or recognizing her strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. C
Offer to assist John if she can. Responsible employees are always looking for jobs that need to be done. If they finish their own jobs ahead of schedule, responsible employees might demonstrate initiative by offering to help coworkers. As a responsible employee, Katrina should do what she can to be helpful to John rather than ignore the problem or tell the manager that John should be reassigned or given special training.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. D
A friendly smile. Positive people are cheerful and outgoing, and they express that by smiling at other people. Even when they are disappointed or discouraged, positive people try to keep smiling because they believe everything will work out all right. Positive people do have a number of interests and are usually willing to change, but these characteristics would not be easy to observe. Negative people are skilled at fixing blame.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Demonstrate A Positive Attitude)
29. B
Communication. Communication causes the greatest number of cultural sensitivity issues. Level of comfort with uncertainty and relationships to time and space also cause cultural sensitivity issues, but not as many as communication does. Globalization is a trend that is making the world seem a lot smaller—it offers proof that diversity is inevitable.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
30. C
Explaining benefits. You create a desire for others to agree with your ideas by explaining how they benefit. Others need to understand what they will get out of it and why it will be good for them. You should explain the advantages so others will want to do what you suggest. Before you can create a desire for others to agree with your ideas, you need to identify their concerns, gather information, and then state your case.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
31. C
Your thoughts, feelings, ideas, and opinions are important. You can learn to be assertive by developing certain basic beliefs about yourself and your rights. For one, you must believe that your thoughts, feelings, ideas, and opinions are as important as anyone else's. Also, you have the right to express your thoughts, feelings, ideas, and opinions, but in a way that does not offend or threaten others. If you try to force your ideas on others, you are stepping over the line from assertiveness to aggressiveness. You should realize that you will not always be able to respond to the needs of others. Also, your needs are as important as the needs of others, but others may not be able to meet your needs in all situations.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
32. C
Adaptability. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. Changes and new situations are common in the workplace. Businesses usually prefer to hire employees who are able to adapt to change. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. Responsibility is fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner. Enthusiasm is intense interest or excitement.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 488). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
33. A
Rewarding yourself for your accomplishments. By taking the day off and doing something she enjoys, Shari is rewarding herself for finishing the project she worked so hard on. This will help her to stay motivated and continue working hard. Going to the spa does not demonstrate leadership, patience or persistence, or asking for feedback.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
34. D
Form and conduct relationships. When you study human relations, you examine the ways that people form and conduct relationships with one another. Relationships between people are often very complex and can be either effective or ineffective. They are affected by people's personal styles, their opinions, and their communication skills.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. C
Dividends. A dividend is a sum of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The corporation usually pays dividends by check to stockholders on a quarterly basis. The stockholder can deposit the dividend check into a savings or checking account or convert it to cash. Credit, deposits, and cash are not forms of income that are earned by owning stock.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 274-275). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
36. A
Credit union. Credit unions are formed by a business's employees or labor union members to meet the financial needs of members. Commercial banks are full-service banks. Sales-finance companies offer credit through car dealers, mail order outlets, and retailers by purchasing the borrowers' contracts. Savings and loans provide loans, the majority of which are for real-estate purchases.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. B
Attorneys. Certain types of financial services often require the assistance of attorneys. For example, most people hire attorneys to help them prepare their wills to make sure that their assets are distributed properly. Also, some people set up guardianships to manage assets for minor children. Attorneys usually provide these types of financial services because wills and guardianship papers are legal documents. To protect the assets, it is important that these documents be prepared correctly. Executors are the individuals who carry out the terms of the will. Wills and guardianship papers often are filed with the appropriate court. Beneficiaries are the heirs.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 503-505). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. D
Obtain referrals from trusted friends. When seeking a financial-services provider, Mark should find someone that can be trusted with confidential information, and he can trust his friends to steer him in the right direction. Searching online is not a good place to start because Mark is unlikely to find someone to whom he can entrust a portion of his financial future. He should interview potential candidates after he has obtained referrals. Mark does not need to contact his bank, though he can if he thinks the bank staff will refer him to a trustworthy financial-services provider.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 50-51, 432]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. B
Economic. Economic risks may cause prices to drop, businesses to have financial problems, or even business failures. Environmental risks are a form of natural risk resulting from such natural phenomena as floods, fires, or lightning. Human risks are chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
40. C
Record, organize, summarize. Business transactions must be recorded in a journal, then sorted and posted into the appropriate ledger, and finally summarized into a form or report that makes the data usable.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
41. D
$10,775. The formula for calculating total cash receipts is adding all of the sources of income that the business lists under cash receipts. This includes cash sales and the amount of loan money received by businesses. In this case, add the cash sales and the loans to determine the total cash receipts ($10,250 + $525 = $10,775). Fixed expenses are not included in total cash receipts. Credit sales are referred to as receivables and are not included because the business will receive the money in the future.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
42. A
The profit-and-loss statement. This income statement reports total revenue and expenses for a specific period of time. A balance sheet identifies a business's assets, liabilities, and capital on a given date. The difference between total sales and cost of goods sold is the gross profit. The cost of goods sold is the purchase price of the goods that were sold.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
43. A
Staffing the business. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. Staffing is an important function because hiring and keeping qualified employees will contribute to the success of the business. Employees who are capable and hardworking usually help the business to achieve its goals and be successful. It is not possible to completely eliminate turnover. Management usually decides if it needs to expand and create more jobs. Human resources management administers the compensation package, but it is not responsible for reducing compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pushers (Human Resources Management)
44. D
To develop new products. Businesses need to obtain and analyze a wide variety of marketing information in order to make decisions for the future. One way that businesses use this information is to develop new products and improve existing products in order to satisfy customers' needs. In order to make marketing decisions that will keep them competitive, businesses are constantly gathering information about customers' preferences and why customers buy certain products. Businesses do not use marketing information to prepare sales invoices. Businesses obtain marketing information in order to monitor economic trends, but they are not able to change those trends. Credit scoring is a function of finance that helps a company determine a customer's credit worthiness.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 170-171]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
45. D
Discover new markets. A marketing-information management system is designed to provide accurate and timely information that may help to expand or discover new markets when analyzed. Employee motivation, employee potential, and business ethics are concerns of management rather than marketing.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
46. D
Remote locations. The Internet is the interconnection of thousands of computers and computer networks all over the world. The Internet allows computer users to exchange information, search for data in remote locations, and communicate with others throughout the world. Marketing-information managers often use the search capabilities of the Internet to look for data that they otherwise would not be able to access because it is available in remote locations. Most businesses store their sales records in a secure location; therefore, a marketing manager would not be able to easily access a competitor's sales records through the Internet. A CD-ROM catalog is a catalog available on a read-only computer disk. A modem is an internal or external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television cables.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 39-40, 95, 176-178]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. A
Secondary. Secondary data are information collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Researchers often find relevant, timely secondary information about trends, statistics, and regulations about a specific trade or industry on professional association web sites. Primary are facts collected for a specific problem or project at hand. Internal data comes from within the business, such as sales and customer data. Intermediate is not a type of marketing-research data.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 612-614). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. B
Experiments. Causal research is a type of marketing research that focuses on cause and effect and tests “what if” theories. Causal research involves conducting experiments, which involves manipulating one or more independent variables and examining the outcome. For example, a business may test different types of product packaging in the marketplace to determine how or if the packaging affects sales. Surveys and interviews are often used when conducting exploratory or descriptive marketing research. Telemarketing is an advertising medium that utilizes telephone service to promote a product either by phoning prospective customers or providing a number for them to call.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 53, 55]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. A
Activity. An activity report describes a sales representative's intended sales calls and routes and is submitted to management a week or month in advance. Businesses often use the information in these reports to make marketing decisions. A call report is a write-up of completed sales activities. Territory and quota reports do not include planned activities of individual sales representatives.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (p. 64). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
50. C
Mail survey. A survey is a marketing-research method that involves asking consumers questions in order to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Researchers often use mail surveys that are sent to individuals' homes as a way of collecting data. A message board is a gathering place for transmitting ideas or information through electronic communication. A case study is an instructional method that involves giving trainees a written description of an organizational problem, and the trainees are asked to determine the problem and potential solutions. Behavior chart is not a common method of collecting research data.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 614-616). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. B
Sample. Descriptive statistics are information that is presented in numerical form and is related to a specific issue, situation, or concern. Marketing researchers often collect this type of information by surveying a sample group—a representative group of the target market. After collecting the information, marketing researchers assign numerical values to survey responses and compile the responses into descriptive statistics, which help the researchers summarize the information for analysis. The descriptive statistics should provide the researchers with objective information rather than subjective data. Synectics refer to a creative-thinking technique that businesses often use for product development. Descriptive statistics do not summarize solitary data.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
52. B
Types of questions. There are several types of questions that can be written for use in a questionnaire. These include open-ended questions that require more than a "yes" or "no" answer, simple "yes" or "no" questions, and multiple-choice questions. The type of question used has an effect on the information that will be collected. Researchers evaluate the type of question that will be used to obtain the most useful response. Researchers do not consider the size of paper, the names of developers, or the number of participants when evaluating the design of questionnaires.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 618-621). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
53. D
Locating the publication date. When marketers obtain secondary data, or information that has been collected for reasons other than the purpose at hand, they must make sure the information is up-to-date and relevant. Some marketers obtain information from online journals and articles. To make sure the information is up-to-date or current according to the research standards, the marketer should look for the article's publication date, which is often included near the author's byline or at the end of the article. A marketer may not be able to determine an article's timeliness by accessing the web-site's FAQ page, asking the company's team leader, or requesting a quotation.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 135-137]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
54. B
Offering a variety of goods and services. Because marketing businesses must compete to attract customers, they offer a variety of goods or services in many styles, models, colors, and sizes. This gives consumers many items and price ranges from which to choose. It also increases the number of products that are offered and helps to maintain reasonable prices. The most immediate impact of the marketing function is not its relation to meeting government regulations for registration or ensuring least-cost pricing.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way
55. D
Product. Packaging is a product decision in the marketing mix. It involves enclosing products in protective wrap or containers before they are sold. The place, or distribution, element of marketing focuses on considerations in getting the selected product in the right place at the right time. Promotion refers to the various types of communications that marketers use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. The price element requires marketers to determine the amount of money they will ask in exchange for their products.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 7—Pick the Mix (Marketing Strategies)
56. C
Factual basis. The primary advantage of quantitative sales forecasting methods as compared with qualitative forecasting methods is that they provide more exact data, because quantitative forecasting is based on facts rather than on opinion. The costs, however, are usually higher because the business will need to pay people to conduct surveys, to purchase the results of outside surveys, to subscribe to various publications, or to buy computer systems to assemble and analyze the data. Although a variety of resources can be used as sources of information, the data are based on facts rather than opinions. Individuals often experience more difficulty understanding numerical data than understanding others' opinions.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 213-215]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
57. A
Increased compliance laws and regulations. Now, more than ever, the government is cracking down on corporate dishonesty. Companies must adhere to an increased number of compliance laws and regulations, and an appropriate information management program is a big part of that. Other trends in information management include increased competition, an increased number of electronic documents, and a decreased number of workers in the office.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
58. A
Copyright. Copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. If a business uses information that is copyrighted without obtaining permission from the copyright holder, the business is violating copyright laws. Copyright infringement is a legal issue because businesses can be sued and required to pay a substantial penalty. Patent, trademark, and contract laws do not involve the use of information.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 112-116]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
59. D
Electronic task organizer. Electronic task organizers and calendars help employees keep track of their appointments and tasks, which help them be more efficient, organized, and productive workers. Spreadsheet-software programs record and calculate numerical data. Instant-messaging programs allow Internet users to communicate in real time. Employees use desktop-publishing software to create brochures, newsletters, advertisements, and other types of materials that use both text and graphics.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Stroman, J., Wilson, K., & Wauson, J. (2004). Administrative assistant's & secretary'shandbook (2nd ed.) [pp. 93-95, 128]. New York: AMACOM.
60. B
$304,988.25. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses often use spreadsheet programs to calculate projected increases in sales and operating expenses. In this situation, the business expects increases in sales as well as operating expenses next year. To calculate next year's operating expenses, first determine next year's sales by multiplying this year's sales by the expected increase and adding that figure to the current sales figure ($675,500 x 5% or .05 = $33,775; $675,500 + $33,775 = $709,275). To determine next year's operating expenses, add the current rate to the rate of increase and multiply that figure by next year's sales (40% + 3% = 43%; $709,275 x 43% or .43 = $304,988.25).
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials [pp. 199-200]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. D
Outsourcing the task. Hiring a data processing center to handle record keeping is outsourcing the task of keeping records—one approach to record keeping. Other approaches include keeping the records personally, hiring an employee to do the job, or establishing a department to handle keeping specific records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
62. D
High interest rates will eventually get lower. Interest rates' fluctuating is an example of how environmental factors are dynamic, or always changing. The influence of factors on each other is an example of how environmental factors are interrelated. The government providing agricultural subsidies is an example of how certain factors impact some industries more than others.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
63. D
Data are specific to the company. Internal data are available within the business, such as in purchase orders, invoices, sales receipts, inventory reports, etc. The information contained in these records is specific to the company and reflects how the company operates. The advantage of reviewing specific data is that the information pertains to the company and can be used to solve specific problems. For example, inventory reports will indicate if certain products are selling well or if the business needs to make adjustments. This is not the type of information that the business can obtain by reviewing external data. Statistics are not necessarily expensive to compile. Employees often have unlimited access to a variety of company information. Research techniques are not necessarily complex. In fact, some are very simple.
SOURCE: NF:082
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 612). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
64. B
Following the manufacturer's operating instructions. Machinery can be dangerous to operate, so businesses should make sure that the employees who operate the machinery receive training according to the manufacturer's instructions. In some situations, the manufacturer will provide the training. Reading promotional materials will not provide employees with adequate training to operate complex machinery. Unless they are properly trained, employees should not perform maintenance activities on machinery. If the machinery is not handled appropriately, employees could be seriously injured and the machinery could be damaged. If some of the employees' responsibilities are to operate the machinery, then the supervisors' jobs should ensure that employees operate the machinery properly, rather than operate it themselves.
SOURCE: OP:006
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
65. B
Checking the customer's signature. Employees should be trained to compare the signature that appears on the credit card with the customer's signature on the sales check. This is done to verify that the person making the credit purchase is the rightful owner of the credit card. The use of security personnel and closed-circuit TV are precautionary measures against shoplifting and employee theft. Buzzer systems may be used to summon help during a robbery.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Kimiecik, R.C., & Thomas, C. (2006). Loss prevention in the retail business (pp. 111-113). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. A
Sales reports. Internal sources are resources found within the business itself. Company sales reports are an example of a source of information that Eli can obtain within the business. The public library, competitors' advertisements, and trade associations are examples of external sources.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
67. C
Coordinating all of the parts of the project. Benefits of project planning include coordination of all of the parts of the project, direction for making decisions and for keeping yourself on track, a standard for completion, clarification of misunderstandings, and motivation. Asking yourself important questions and setting an appropriate time frame are things you might do while you're planning, but they are not benefits. Monitoring the project is part of project management, not project planning.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
68. D
Communicate his/her feedback to the vendor. If an auto-parts buyer evaluates a vendor's performance and determines that the vendor is weak in certain areas, such as keeping promises or staying on schedule, one of the first things that the buyer should do is communicate her/his feedback to the vendor. The buyer should let the vendor know what its perceived strengths and weaknesses are, and the buyer should clearly state what the vendor needs to do to improve and keep the buyer's business. Unless a vendor's service is completely unsatisfactory, it is wise for a buyer to give the vendor a chance to change its ways before replacing the vendor with a more reliable one, demanding a refund, or informing others of the vendor's faults.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 709]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. A
Operating expenses. Operating expenses are the expenditures necessary to keep the business running. Gross profit does not take into consideration these types of expenses. Therefore, a business must deduct operating expenses from gross profit in order to arrive at net profit. Cost of goods is the amount of money a business pays for the products it sells or for the raw materials from which it produces goods to sell. Quantity discounts are deductions from the seller's price for purchasing large volumes of goods. Product rebates are returning part of the price customers pay for goods.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: MN LAP 57—Operating Expenses
70. B
Create a favorable impression. The overall impression customers receive as a result of a business's appearance and the condition of its equipment influences their buying behavior. Therefore, ongoing maintenance is important to properly maintain the facility and the equipment to create a good impression. The business should be kept neat and clean, but that is a housekeeping function, not maintenance. Packaging protects products, and a good display presents them effectively.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
71. D
Set realistic goals. Your goals should be ambitious; however, if you set them too high, you will experience unnecessary frustration. Take advantage of all available resources to help you reach your goals. Vague, general goals are useless, as they do not give very much guidance for changing behavior. Only when the end results are positive will you be motivated to work toward a goal for a sustained length of time.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. B
Public relations. Almost all marketing occupations involve creativity to some extent. One of its uses is in accomplishing public relations activities. Routine, immediately apparent, and mathematical activities call for more logical, traditional thought processes.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: PD LAP 2—Creativity
73. B
Aptitudes. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills. Individuals often succeed in occupations that require the skills that match their natural talents. For example, some people have an aptitude for working with numbers while others have an aptitude for working with their hands. People who have an aptitude for working with numbers might be successful in jobs that require those skills such as accounting or bookkeeping. Values are the principles by which people live. Behavior is the manner in which people act. Attitudes are the ways a person looks at life.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kelly-Plate, J., & Volz-Patton, R. (2004). Exploring careers (4th ed.) [pp. 9-12]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. A
Listening. It is important for job applicants to listen carefully to what the interviewers are saying and asking. Failure to pay close attention may result in the applicants' giving incorrect information or not completely answering the questions. Not listening also may indicate to an interviewer that an applicant is not interested in the position. Applicants should not read materials while an interviewer is asking questions. Applicants should wait until the interviewer has completed the question before talking. On occasion, applicants may write notes about what the interviewer is saying, but they should not let that interfere with their ability to listen carefully.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-68]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
75. A
Neatness. All résumés should be neatly prepared. Neat résumés make a good first impression on prospective employers who often form opinions of applicants based on their résumés. A neat résumé indicates that the person will be careful and thorough on the job. Also, employers are more likely to read neat résumés than those that are sloppy or contain errors. Résumés should not be creative but should contain exact information. Résumés should be brief rather than long. They should not be complex but easy to read and understand.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 122). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. A
Meet with potential customers. The purpose of participating in a trade show is to display goods and services to interested buyers. Businesses have representatives available to meet with potential customers to answer questions and explain the benefits of the goods and services in the hope of making sales. Some representatives may clean and stock the area, order replacement materials, or negotiate with the set-up crew, but those responsibilities are secondary to meeting with customers.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Quality. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service. Customers often associate price with quality: If the price is high, the quality is high; if the price is low, the quality is low. Therefore, businesses must set prices that reflect the quality of a product. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in a business. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that buyers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Economy is the system in which people make and spend their incomes.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
78. A
Deceptive. Deceptive advertising practices employ techniques that lead a customer to believe that the product holds greater value than it actually does. For example, a retailer publishes a very low price in a newspaper advertisement for a specific product. A customer enters the store with the intention of purchasing the product at that price. However, the customer finds out that certain criteria must be met to receive the published price. The business used a published price under false pretenses to get customers into the store. Inequitable, elastic, and compliant are not terms that are widely used to describe misleading advertising and pricing practices.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 326-327]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
79. A
Monitor inventory. Product/Service management is a marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. For some businesses, part of the product/service management function involves the purchase of goods for resale. Technology, such as Intranet systems and electronic data interchange systems, allow businesses to monitor their inventory and reorder products in efficient ways. Monitoring inventory helps a business make sure that enough products are available for sale. The selling function is responsible for obtaining higher sales volume, which increases a business's revenue. Advertising is a component of a business's promotion function. Finance is a business function that involves obtaining funds to pay for business activities such as expansions.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 510). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. A
Opportunity recognition. When people recognize that their ideal state is changing, they may recognize product opportunities that would satisfy customers. With individual development, a person is growing or changing such that her/his ideal state no longer exists. In this scenario, customers do not need to purchase related items, and there is no new information identified.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2006). Entrepreneurship and small business management (pp. 20, 50-51). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. D
Customer surveys. Businesses generate product ideas so that they can provide customers with the goods and services that they need and want. One way to find out what customers need and want is to review customer-satisfaction surveys. By reviewing the surveys, a business might learn about some unmet needs and wants which, in turn, stimulate product ideas. Sales receipts, status reports, and employee records probably would not be useful to businesses when generating product ideas.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Grewal, D., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (pp. 641-642). Woodland Hills, CA: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
82. C
Guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. Promising to refund customers' money if they are not satisfied with the clothing they purchase is an example of a guarantee. Guarantees are given for both goods and services. However, a warranty usually applies only to goods and is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service; usually offered by the manufacturer. Although stores often explain their guarantee policies, the policy of providing the refund is not an explanation.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 674-677). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. D
Product liability. Harrison Stroller Company will be held responsible for any injuries the product caused the children. Product liability refers to the producer's responsibility for any injury that the business's product may cause. Product deletion involves removing a product from the product line. Instead of removing the stroller from its product line, Harrison may decide to improve the stroller's safety by making changes to the product, which may involve issuing a product recall to fix or replace the faulty strollers. Consumer protection involves all the efforts to safeguard consumers from any kind of injury they might suffer in the process of purchasing and/or using consumer products. The Consumer Product Safety Act was passed in 1972. It gave the Consumer Product Safety Commission jurisdiction over the safety of consumer products.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2006). Entrepreneurship and small business management (pp. 167-168). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
84. A
To increase sales. Expanding the product mix with successful new products or product lines should increase sales for most companies. Profits should also increase as a result of increased sales. A business that expands its product mix often increases its costs and liability because more products are available. Expanding the product mix reduces risks by spreading the risk over a wider area.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3—Mix & Match (Nature of Product Mix)
85. D
Unique characteristics. The company is positioning its product according to unique characteristics because it is claiming that its product does something that no other product can do. The ink changing color in light is a feature, but it is a unique characteristic that is not available on other pens. The company is not positioning according to the quality or price of the pens or their relationship to other products.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 559-561]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. C
A common vision. Corporate branding refers to the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. While a company may carry a variety of product lines and products, the company's vision is the same for all aspects of the business. Vision is the future you desire to create. The vision should create a focus for setting business goals, making decisions, and implementing strategies and procedures. An example of a vision statement is, "We want to make our customers' lives easier." The key word is easy, so all of the company's activities should facilitate making the customers' lives easier—from providing convenience goods to designing easy to understand invoices or statements. Ethics are considered when developing the company's vi sion, so the business's ethics should not change. Services are intangible rather than tangible. Most businesses have several touch points, which are all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with customers.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 230, 234-235]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
87. A
Increased sales. The most direct way that business benefits from the use of promotion is through increased sales, which provide the opportunity for increased profits. Competition will not necessarily be decreased by promotion. Promotion also educates consumers about products, but the business doesn't benefit directly from this unless consumers buy its products. Promotion's increase of job opportunities benefits the economy.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. D
Persuade consumers to buy goods or services. The overall goal of product promotion is to persuade consumers to purchase goods or services. Promotion cannot substitute for salespeople, achieve immediate success for a company, or make people purchase goods or services they don't need.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
89. D
Materialistic. A person has a materialistic attitude when s/he obsesses about accumulating money and/or things, which often provides him/her with a feeling of status, importance, or security. Some people think that advertising and other promotional activities encourage materialistic attitudes because the primary goal of these efforts is to get people to buy products. Critics argue that ethical issues occur when people become more concerned about obtaining things than they are about making a positive difference in the world. Although some people think that promotion encourages uncompromising, resourceful, and responsive attitudes in society, it is materialism that is most often associated with ethics in a negative way.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 215-216). Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. A
Affirmative disclosure. When a government establishes a regulation that requires businesses to inform consumers about its products' limitations in promotional materials, it is often referred to as affirmative disclosure. For example, a government may require that automobile manufacturers publish EPA mileage ratings in print advertisements. Ethical verification, honorable verification, and assenting disclosure are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [p. 83]. Boston: Irwin/McGraw Hill.
91. A
Regional magazines. Regional magazines are intended for audiences within a certain geographic area. Regional publications appeal to customers within their state or province and attract advertisers who want to reach that specific market. Choosing to advertise in a regional magazine is one way to reach a large number of potential customers who live in the area that the chain services. Suburban radio stations and transit advertising serve only certain suburban and city areas and would not reach customers in the chain's entire area. National television would reach customers far beyond the chain's geographic area.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
92. A
Discount coupons. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Couponing is a sales promotion activity. Discount coupons are printed certificates which entitle the holder to a reduced purchase price. Coupons are a communication channel used in sales promotion because they are a means of providing information to others. Package labels, newspaper ads, and television commercials are not communications channels used in sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 383-384). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. C
To strengthen the theme. The elements of an advertisement include the headline, copy, illustrations, and signature. It is important to coordinate these elements to strengthen the theme of the advertisement. All of the elements should reinforce and promote the theme in order for the advertisement to be effective. It is not important to coordinate the elements in advertisements to analyze the objective, identify the message, or locate the audience.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 423-425). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. B
Target audiences. A target audience is a group of consumers who are the most likely prospects for a good, service, image, or idea. By participating in trade shows, events where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to build sales leads and interest, businesses are able to communicate with their target audiences. As a rule, only those consumers who are interested in the products being displayed will attend a particular trade show. Businesses do not participate in trade shows as a way of communicating with their out-of-town employees, investors, or sales staff. In many cases, employees, such as salespeople, are expected to participate in trade shows.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 404). Mason, OH: South-Western.
95. A
Competition. Businesses take into consideration their competitors and the types of promotions they are using when the businesses develop their own promotional plans. Businesses look at competitors' market share and the kinds of promotions their competitors use in order to create the best plan for competing against them. Business image, available budget, and sales objectives are internal factors that affect a business's promotional plan.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 15-16]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
96. A
Using product demonstrations. Salespeople who determine customer buying motives can then demonstrate to customers the features and benefits of a product that would appeal to them. This creates desire for products by showing customers how they will benefit from owning the products. Emphasizing the high cost of a product might decrease desire because customers cannot afford the price. Making a good impression on the customer should create a good selling atmosphere, but does not necessarily create desire for a product. Monitoring the competition should be an ongoing effort that helps the business to remain competitive.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (Nature and Scope of Selling)
97. C
Positive reputation. When salespeople consistently provide excellent customer service, customers are satisfied and are likely to purchase again. Customers are also likely to tell friends, relatives, and colleagues about the business. This word-of-mouth promotion is one way the business can build a positive reputation and increase its customer base. Excellent service does not always improve product quality. Higher commissions are positive outcomes for the salesperson rather than the business. When salespeople provide excellent customer service, the result can provide a business with a competitive advantage over its competitors rather than a disadvantage.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
98. A
Obtained from an industry trade show. A lead is the name of an organization or individual that might be interested in a salesperson's good or service. There are a variety of examples of leads that are provided directly through companies. They include current customers of other divisions of a company and leads generated through advertising, industry trade shows, and telephone and mail solicitations. Leads generated through cold canvassing, attendance at a service club, and personal friends are examples of personal sources.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
99. B
Make certain selling activities illegal. A variety of federal antitrust laws exist that are intended to promote competition among businesses and prevent the formation of monopolies. These laws affect a business's sales activities because they make certain actions illegal such as price-fixing and price discrimination. Businesses that violate antitrust laws are subject to severe fines and penalties. Antitrust laws do not require extensive reporting to government, establish a formal code of ethics, or create a standard for employee rights.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Tanner, J.F., Honeycutt, E.D., & Erffmeyer, R.C. (2009). Sales management: Shaping future sales leaders (p. 80). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
100. A
Ask an available, experienced employee. Experienced employees such as coworkers, supervisors, or buyers are generally willing to help new employees by sharing product information. This enables the new salesperson to serve customers more effectively and to give accurate answers to their questions. Salespeople who tell their customers to contact the manufacturer are not providing good customer service. New salespeople should not make excuses for their lack of knowledge or try to help customers without having the right information.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Anderson, R.E., & Dubinsky, A.J. (2004). Personal selling: Achieving customer satisfaction and loyalty (p. 311). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
Test 1045
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Judicial system. The U.S. government consists of three primary parts—the judicial, executive, and legislative branches. The judicial system (branch) is the court system. The courts interpret and apply the laws. The president and the presidential cabinet are part of the executive branch of the government. The legislative branch (i.e., the U.S. Congress) enacts the laws.
SOURCE: BL:068
SOURCE: Blackburn, J., & Klayman, E. (2005). The legal environment of business (7th ed.) [p. 63]. Boston: Pearson Custom Publishing.
2. D
Corporation. A corporation, which is owned by its stockholders, limits the losses or risks to the amount each individual owner has invested in the corporation. The other types of business organizations are not owned by stockholders. A partnership usually divides the risk among two or three partners. In a sole proprietorship, the owner generally assumes all of the risk. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Forms of Business Ownership)
3. A
Timeliness. Channel management is the process of coordinating channel members to move goods and services to the end user. The way that a business manages its channel members impacts customerservice levels. An important aspect of channel management in relation to customer service is making sure that the customers receive their products in a timely manner. In many cases, customers order items for a specific purpose and need them on a certain date. Therefore, it is important for the business to monitor channel members' activities to ensure that the products are moving through the channel in the most efficient manner. Taxes are monies that individuals or businesses must pay to the government. Protectionism is a government's policy to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
SOURCE: CM:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 347]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
4. A
Promoting products. Channel intermediaries are persons or businesses that perform channel functions in an indirect channel of distribution. They can be responsible for such marketing functions as buying, selling, pricing, marking, storing, packaging, promoting, and financing. Recruiting workers for the business, training employees, and monitoring union activities are human resource activities, not marketing functions.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Improves cash flow. For many businesses, the distribution function is expensive to operate because it involves storing, processing, and transporting products. Oftentimes, businesses bill customers for the costs involved in distribution and then wait for payment. By using the technology of digital money, cash can be transferred electronically from the customer's account to the business's account. This improves cash flow because the business does not need to wait long periods of time for payment. It can receive cash instantly. The technology of digital money does not increase productivity, create virtual reality, or manage information.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Coyle, J.J., Bardi, E.J., & Langley, C.J. (2003). The management of business logistics: A supply chain perspective (7th ed.) [pp. 586-588]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. A
The manager of a wholesale business awards a supply contract to his/her spouse's company. Awarding a contract to a company that is owned by a friend or relative might be perceived as a conflict of interest by others. Distributing product samples to potential customers is a common practice when trying to make a sale and does not generally illustrate a situation in which ethics are questioned. Negotiating carrier fees is not considered an unethical situation. Requesting to purchase inventory does not pose an ethical problem. Many companies have policies regarding employee purchases. Unless the warehouse staff operates outside the boundaries of the stated policies, the situation is not an ethical issue.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Monczka, R., Trent, R., & Handfield, R. (2002). Purchasing and supply chain management (2nd ed.) [p. 528]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
7. D
Promotion. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. In order to successfully sell its product, a business needs to coordinate all the components of marketing, which include distribution, promotion, product, and price. For example, if a business develops an effective distribution system but fails to promote the product, customers will not know about the product or want it, although it is readily available. Orientation is job preparation or induction training for new employees. Production is the creation of goods and services from economic resources. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract customer dollars.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Lane, K. (2006). Marketing management (12th ed.) [pp. 18-20]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
8. B
Know when to speak. By interrupting her coach before s/he was finished giving directions, Jackie was ignoring the step of knowing when to speak. When listening to directions, try not to interrupt the person speaking. Wait until s/he seems finished with a thought before speaking or wait until all the directions have been given before you ask for clarification. In this situation, Jackie is not ignoring the tips to make eye contact, eliminate distractions, or take notes.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says
9. A
Bias. Bias is prejudice or partiality that influences a person's perceptions. It is a major block to effective listening because it affects the way the listener hears what the speaker is trying to say. Feedback is the response received from another person. Emotion is feeling, and conviction is a firm belief in something.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 89-90, 330-331]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. A
Find out what other people in the group know about the product. Starting a meeting by learning about others' knowledge of the subject identifies what your team knows—as well as areas where more work will be needed. Some ground rules are needed to let everyone know how the group operates. Otherwise, unacceptable behavior may occur. Unusual ideas should not be avoided. Often these are the breakthroughs that lead to success. Use good listening skills, including making eye contact and using other nonverbal cues to let others in the group know you are listening.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put in Your Two Cents
11. D
It should encourage the reader to take action. Sales-oriented business letters should persuade the reader to respond by taking whatever action is appropriate—returning a postcard, calling a number, or visiting the business. The letter should catch the reader's attention in the opening paragraphs. This can often be accomplished by mentioning a problem the consumer might have that the product being offered can solve. Sales letters should avoid negative comments about the competition. They should emphasize product benefits and avoid mentioning price if possible.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Schatzman, B.E. (2004). Business communication essentials (pp. 242-245). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
12. C
Weekly activity report. This is a brief summary of work accomplished that is submitted periodically for management's review. Periodic reports usually are short and informal. A project proposal is usually a longer and more formal report. A personal letter is sent to friends and is not intended for management. A reservation record contains the names of guests who have reservations.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Schatzman, B.E. (2004). Business communication essentials (p. 271). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
13. A
Horizontal. An example of horizontal communication would be a memo from one vice president to another. Downward communication involves communications from management to subordinates. Upward communication entails communications from employees to management. Vertical communication may move up or down the chain of command.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [p. 15]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. B
Be thankful. Customers appreciate it when businesses show gratitude for their loyalty. Special benefits and perks such as coupons are one way for businesses to say thanks. Coupons do not necessarily relate to displaying courtesy, keeping promises, or being helpful.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Ask questions that can't be answered "yes" or "no." Silent customers are shy, insecure, or too sensitive to talk very much even when they need help. They are a type of slow/methodical customer, and they require special handling. The business employee should not do all the talking or wait for the customer to decide to talk. The employee also should not try to hurry this kind of customer by trying to close quickly. Instead, s/he should be patient, try to draw the customer out, and try to determine the customer's needs through appropriate questions.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. B
Consumption. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is consumption, which is the economic process or activity of using goods and services. For consumption to occur, goods and services must be produced, or made. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided between producers and resource owners.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
17. D
Keep products off the market. If businesses expect prices to increase substantially, they might wait to sell. That affects supply because businesses are keeping products off the market until the price is right. If businesses expect prices to increase in the future, they would not increase production now, ship more products to stores, or encourage consumers to buy.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
18. D
Relative. Relative prices come into play when both wages and prices rise or fall at the same rate, so that consumers are willing to pay the new price. Competitive prices are about equal to or lower than those of a business's competitors. Unfair prices are either too high for the good or service provided, or too low in comparison to those of competitors. Objective prices are fair and reasonable, relating strictly to the value of the product.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 64). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
19. B
The business performing the service. Service businesses perform intangible activities that satisfy the wants of consumers and industrial users. If a good is used in performing the service, its title, or ownership, is not given to the customers but is retained by the business performing the service. The customer receives the service, but the business owns the good. For example, a car-rental business leases the use of a car to a customer for one week. The business owns the car, while the customer simply buys the use of the car. The business retains ownership of the good, not the producer that made the good or the supplier that sold the good to the business.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 20—Business Connections (Business and Society)
20. D
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Competition is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system because it encourages people to go into business for themselves and develop the products that consumers want. Production, mechanization, and distribution take place in the private enterprise system as well as in other types of economic systems. These activities often are the result of competition because businesses are constantly trying to improve the way they produce and distribute products in order to attract customers.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
21. C
Compare their findings to other countries around the world. One of the reasons that countries measure GDP is to compare their findings to other countries around the world. This lets countries know how they "measure up" and how much they need to improve. GDP does not indicate the types or quality of goods and services produced. It does not give any information about distribution of wealth, either.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
22. A
Seeing an advertisement for a job and feeling that you could handle it. Self-esteem is how you feel about yourself at any given time. Your level of self-esteem can fluctuate from high to low. Feeling that you could do a job you have read about would indicate your level of self-esteem was high. Imagining how you would feel if you had already graduated is an example of visualization that can be used to support selfesteem. The other two alternatives indicate a low level of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 2]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
23. A
Interest and enthusiasm. The salesperson has shown an immediate interest in the customer's request and given an enthusiastic response. The salesperson does not have a negative attitude, which would be characterized by boredom and indifference. The extent of his/her product knowledge cannot be judged by the response to a single question.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 187]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
24. B
Interdependent. Personal traits are interdependent—dependent upon one another. Since each trait has an influence (direct or indirect) upon the others, no single trait can be truly independent. Traits are described as common when they are shared by many people. Unique traits are uncommon or unusual characteristics.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
25. B
Very valuable. Criticism is a valuable tool if you use it constructively to improve yourself. Making appropriate changes should result in less frequent criticism rather than more. For most people, criticism does not become desirable or anticipated.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
26. A
Cultural sensitivity. Culture is the customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. The way that different people interact with each other is an expression of their culture. Businesspeople need to be sensitive to the fact that their foreign customers may have unique customs such as bowing when they greet each other rather than shaking hands. They should accept these customs and try to make their foreign customers feel comfortable. Businesspeople who behave in this manner are showing respect for other customs and habits and are exhibiting cultural sensitivity. Communication skills are abilities to express yourself clearly and simply. Stereotypical behavior involves acting in a manner that conforms to a set image. Language differences occur when people speak different languages.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
27. C
Persuade consumers to buy. Marketers use communication to inform consumers about their goods and services. The ultimate goal is to persuade consumers to purchase those goods and services. In order to do that, communication must be encoded or presented in a way that will be understood by the target audience. The form of communication most frequently used by marketers is promotion. Communication is used to reach a specific market but is not a method of identifying the market.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 469-471]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
28. C
Assertive. Assertive behavior is characterized by a willingness to stand up for one's own rights while showing respect for the rights of others. The goals of assertive behavior include improving the general quality of relationships, self-esteem, mutual respect and understanding, and cooperation. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit others in order to achieve personal goals. Aggressive behavior is one kind of negative behavior. Independent behavior is characterized by the tendency to make decisions without consulting others.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
29. A
Treasury. A bond is a piece of paper (real or virtual) that says a governing body will borrow an investor's money at a particular interest rate for a particular period of time. As the borrower, a government issues treasury bonds to investors. Corporations issue corporate bonds to fund the business's operating expenses. Estate and common are not types of bonds.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 251-253). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. B
Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. The title for an item purchased on installment credit is made out in the name of the credit user; however, the seller retains a claim on the title until all of the payments have been made. Regular credit accounts are used to obtain small-ticket items during a set period of time, usually 30 days. Budget credit accounts advertise credit terms such as "90 Days Same as Cash." Revolving credit accounts involve setting a credit limit and paying the amount due each month or making minimum, monthly payments on the account.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
31. A
Validating credit history. If Eric had not checked his credit score, he would not have known that the credit bureaus mishandled his report. This example shows one of the steps for buying a house, but it is not an example of the importance of buying a house. Paying rent on time is one way to develop good credit; neither are truly illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: GettingaCreditCard.com. (2006-2009). Common practice of very responsible credit card users. Retrieved September 8, 2010, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article12.shtml
32. D
Risks. Risks are the possibility of financial loss. One way for businesses to reduce risks is to develop an efficient system to locate, gather, process, and use information for marketing decisions. Businesses need information systems for use in decision-making in order to effectively identify alternatives in planning. By gathering and using information, businesses often are able to recognize trends or potential problems and take steps to reduce risks. Businesses usually want to increase sales. Debts are financial liabilities. Taxes are part of the expenses of doing business.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
33. C
Accounts receivable. Accounts receivable are all monies owed to a firm by its customers. These customer debts are an asset, or item of value, of the business. Liabilities are debts, such as accounts payable, owed by the business to others. Trade credit is an agreement whereby the supplier sells products to a buyer but does not require immediate payment. Sales revenue is income that results from sales of a company's goods and/or services.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. C
Net income. The net income, or bottom line, is a business's final profit. It is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. Net income is the amount of money a business is able to keep after paying all expenses. Total costs are all of a business's expenses. Gross revenue is all the money earned by a business before expenses are subtracted. Net worth is the total value of the business.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
35. A
To organize the overall finances. Budgets can be developed for a company as a whole or for a specific department. Operating budgets are developed by businesses to organize the overall finances of the dayto-day operations. The operating budget is made up of other budgets that are developed throughout different areas of the business. These other budgets might contain estimates of replacement costs, managers' salaries, and inventory levels that may be included in the operating budget.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. A
Trainers. Businesses often use current employees to help orient and train new employees. Current employees are familiar with the business's facilities and ways of operating. They can take new employees on a tour of the property, introduce them to coworkers, and explain certain basic procedures. Current employees can answer questions for new employees and help them to feel welcome in their new environment. Businesses do not use current employees to interview, manage, or evaluate new employees during the orientation process.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Jackson, S., & Schuler, R. (2003). Managing human resources through strategic partnerships (8th ed.) [pp. 366-369]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
37. D
Marketing information. Marketing information is all the marketing-related data available from inside and outside the business. This data includes information about customers, the social and economic environment, and developing trends. Businesses need marketing information to make decisions about when to develop new products that will meet the changing needs of customers. They also need this information to decide when to change prices. Businesses that develop new products or change prices without obtaining current marketing information run the risk of developing products that customers do not want, or of making price changes that customers will not accept. Promotional research and advertising data will help businesses decide how to promote and advertise new products. Selling procedures are the steps that salespeople follow to achieve their goal of making a sale.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 594). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. B
Monitor the competition. Information about competitors' activities, such as new product development, is very important to a business. This information is so important to some businesses that they have a separate section of the marketing-information management system whose only responsibility is to monitor the competition. Businesses also use the marketing-information management system to reduce business risk, improve stock control, and expand promotional activities. However, these functions are not the responsibility of a separate section but are part of the overall information management system.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
39. B
Surveying a limited group of similar respondents to represent a broader universe. It is considered unethical to obtain marketing information from only a limited group of people who have the same opinions because the results of the survey will be biased. A few researchers collect information in this manner in order to substantiate a predetermined point of view. This method is unethical because it is not legitimate research but an attempt to use the predisposed opinions of a few people to support a broad claim. Most researchers survey a broad range of respondents in order to obtain a variety of opinions. Calling a wide variety of consumers, interviewing randomly selected participants, and contacting customers in a single geographic area are ethical methods of collecting marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 81-85]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. B
Customize its marketing efforts. Many businesses use computerized databases to sort and organize information about customers' purchases, brand preferences, dollar amounts spent, etc. The benefit to the business is that it can use this information to customize its marketing efforts and appeal to specific customers. For example, a business might use a database to organize customers according to geographic location, and send different promotional pieces to each area. The database allows a business to target specific customers based on certain criteria. Businesses do not use this type of customer information to prepare financial reports, develop inventory control plans, or maintain sales strategies.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 594-595). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
41. B
Informal. Marketing research can be done informally or formally. When a business pays someone to count cars, that is a form of informal research. Formal research would include not only counting the cars but questioning consumers and analyzing their responses. Causal research is marketing research that focuses on cause and effect and tests "what if" theories. Internal research is research carried out within the business itself.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5—Seek and Find (Nature of Marketing Research)
42. A
Customer survey. Primary marketing research is information that a business obtains for a specific purpose. Businesses use many techniques to obtain primary data, such as observation, interviews, and surveys. Surveys contain questions about the information the business wants to obtain. For example, a business might distribute a survey to its customers when it wants to find out what the customers think of the business's goods and services. Census data, trade-journal articles, and external reports are forms of secondary research.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
43. D
Problem. A problem is an issue that needs a solution. Often, a particular problem, such as low sales, is the reason for conducting marketing-research. The research helps the business determine why sales are continuously dropping so that it can determine how to resolve the problem. The example does not define a marketing-research risk, opportunity, or decision.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 36-38]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
44. C
Chance. It is highly unlikely that all 100 girls in a sample would be exactly the same height. However, it could happen by chance—even with little chance of occurrence. Interviewer bias occurs when the presence, actions, or attitudes of the interviewer influence a respondent's answers. The scenario provides insufficient information to determine whether non-response error occurred. This problem happens when researchers fail to sample the people who didn't respond to determine whether there were statistical differences between respondents and non-respondents. Inadequate information is provided to know whether the question was asked in such a way that it influenced responses.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: Mugo, F.W. (n.d.). Sampling in research. Retrieved June 3, 2010, from http://www.socialresearchmethods.net/tutorial/Mugo/tutorial.htm
45. A
To improve the effectiveness of salespeople. Sales reports contain a variety of marketing information that businesses often use to improve the effectiveness of salespeople. This includes information about number of new customers, number of lost customers, cost of selling, time spent with each customer, etc. By reviewing the information, a business can determine if the salesperson is effective, or might need assistance or more training to be better able to market the business's products to customers. For example, a sales call report might reveal that customers want detailed product information that the salesperson does not have. Then, the business can develop materials to provide the detailed information. This will help the salesperson to more effectively work with customers. Businesses do not use the marketing information contained in sales reports to qualify potential new customers or to develop negotiating techniques. Expense accounts are types of sales reports that often contain marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 594). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
46. B
Interview. The interview is a common method of collecting data from individuals. There are many types of interview procedures and one is the focus group, which is a group formed for the purpose of discussing a specific topic. In a focus group, a moderator asks questions and guides the group discussion to obtain information about a specific topic, such as a product. Observation involves watching what people do. Sampling involves identifying a segment of the target population. A focus group is not considered a technical method of collecting data.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 614-615). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
47. D
Optical scanning. Optical scanning techniques allow raw data to be read electronically, often by bar codes. It translates the data into meaningful information. Computer keyboarding is a manual method of handling raw data. Cyber-opting and voice networking are not commonly used terms to describe marketing-information management methods.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [p. 404]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
48. D
Mode. Mode is one measure of central tendency. The mode is the answer to a question that is given most often by respondents. Mean refers to the mathematical average of all responses. A median is the middle value of the established sample criteria; half of the data or responses are below the median value, and half are above the median value. Module is not a term used to describe a measure of central tendency.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 171). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
49. A
Questionnaire design. It is important to evaluate questionnaire design to make sure the responses will be valid and reliable. To do this, it is necessary to consider the wording of the questions so participants will be able to understand the questions. Also, researchers consider the order of the questions so they are logical, and that one question does not suggest the answer to the following question. Formatting issues, completion deadlines, and possible incentives are other factors that researchers consider when evaluating questionnaire design.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 618-623). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. D
Product/Service management. Marketing functions are interrelated activities that must work together to get goods and services from producers to consumers. The product/service management activities of a business involve obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Successful product/service management activities include calculating the costs of products. Financing is a business function that involves determining the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in business activities. Pricing is a marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' expectations of value. Accounting is a financial activity of business function that involves keeping and maintaining financial records.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
51. C
Employees. Tactics are specific actions that will be used to carry out strategies. In business, the employees are responsible for carrying out the tactics to achieve the marketing strategies. The executives are responsible for developing the strategies that the employees will follow. The customers are the ones for whom the marketing strategies and tactics are planned. Stockholders of a company are not involved in developing strategies.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 7—Pick the Mix (Marketing Strategies)
52. B
Target. The identification and selection of markets for a business or for a product is known as target marketing. In order for businesses to satisfy their customers, they need to determine who the market is for their products. Businesses use target marketing in order to plan effective marketing activities that will reduce marketing risk. Mass marketing is designing products and directing marketing activities in order to appeal to the whole market. An industrial market is composed of businesses that purchase items for use in the operation of the business, for resale, or for making other goods.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: IM LAP 9—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. B
Industry forecasts published by trade associations. There are a variety of reliable sources of external information that could be used in quantitative sales forecasting methods. Examples of these include government reports, articles in business publications, and industry forecasts provided by trade associations. These external sources can provide quantitative data about economic trends, population changes, and consumer spending. Viewpoints of customer-service personnel, predictions of company executives, and statements of customer satisfaction with products are examples of information that could be used for qualitative forecasting methods.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 160-164]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
54. D
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Many businesses use the Internet to obtain needed external information efficiently. For example, businesses can access the web sites of governmental agencies as well as competitors to find information about specific issues. This is a fast and efficient way to obtain information from a variety of sources without needing to visit the library and look through printed materials such as textbooks. Software instructs computers to perform specific operations. Not all software is used to obtain information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 139-143]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
55. B
Key words, query. A search engine is a software program that automatically crawls the Web looking for information pertaining to specified search terms and then displays a list of results. To conduct an online search, the employee enters specific or key words (terms, phrases, slang) that pertain to the topic of interest into the query field and clicks on the search button. The search will provide results that include the key words in the description. The words entered into the query field should be specific enough to generate desired results. For example, entering the term, “Washington,” will likely generate responses about the U.S. state, the U.S. capital, and the first U.S. president. If the researcher wanted information about manufacturers in Washington state, entering the words “Washington state manufacturers” into the query field would more likely provide the desired results; therefore, the more specific the key words, the more applicable the results. The field in which a person enters key words is not called a reply, answer, or subject field. Slang may or may not be a key word.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Google. (n.d.). The essentials of Google search. Retrieved September 9, 2010 from http://www.google.com/support/websearch/bin/static.py?page=searchguides.html&ctx=basic s
56. B
Database. Database software allows companies to collect, store, and organize customer information. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer information and to send postcards to specific customers. Word-processing, spreadsheet, and desktop publishing software do not perform the functions required by the dealer.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials [p. 199]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. C
Computerized. Moving from a "handwritten" to a "software" style of record keeping is called moving from a manual to a computerized style. "Common" and "scientific" are not terms used to describe styles of record keeping.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
58. C
Need for convenience. Need for convenience is a social/cultural trend, not a demographic statistic. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population, including such data as employment status, education, and religious affiliation.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
59. D
Statistical findings. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. For example, it may be important for businesses to find out how many customers are in certain age groups, and then convert those figures to percentages to determine which groups make the most purchases. By analyzing this type of statistical finding, businesses can make decisions about targeting certain groups to increase sales and profits. Businesses might analyze training results rather than training methods. They do not analyze information skills or privacy factors when making business decisions to improve the company.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 170-171). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. D
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [p. 86]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
61. B
Safety hazard. A safety hazard is any situation that has the potential to cause bodily harm. Machines and equipment can be hazardous to workers who don't know how to use them. Using specialized equipment without prior training can result in possible injury to the employee or a coworker. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Tension is stress.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial andsystems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 320-323]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
62. C
Tracking deadlines. This activity is important during the planning stages and while the project is being completed. It is necessary to keep track of due dates and not let the project fall behind schedule. Also, one part of a project may need to be completed before another part can begin. Project managers make sure everyone is focusing on the same objective rather than change the objective. Project managers usually give directions that workers are expected to follow. Effective project managers encourage others to do their part rather than giving orders.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
63. A
Inventory of supplies. All businesses need to maintain an inventory of supplies in order to produce goods and services for customers. Small businesses may only need office supplies while retailers also need supplies to wrap packages. Large manufacturing businesses need vast inventories of resources to produce products. Without an inventory of supplies, businesses will not be able to do even simple tasks. The result might be a loss of customers and a loss of income. Some businesses may need only one vendor rather than a list of vendors. Businesses do not need to maintain a schedule of accounts or copies of invoices to produce goods and services for customers.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 360). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
64. A
Update the product. A company's products may need to be updated or changed in order to compete effectively with similar products produced by other companies. Planning to update a product is part of a business's production process. Updating a product is less expensive than designing a new product. A popcorn company may decide to update its popcorn products by adding vitamins or flavorings rather than spending a lot of money designing completely new products. A business would not produce more popcorn unless there was an increase in demand. Changing production methods is expensive and would not necessarily make a business more competitive.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
65. D
Cost of replacement is less than repair. Companies schedule renovative maintenance to replace equipment when the cost of repairing that equipment exceeds the cost of replacing it. Renovation could include replacing heating and cooling systems, office furniture, and operating equipment. If the length of downtime would be shorter for repairs, it would be better to fix it. This is also true if repair parts are easy to find or the maintenance staff could easily fix the problem.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
66. D
Perform job expectations. The ability to perform job expectations and duties may be directly affected by the lack of exercise, sleep, and adequate relaxation. Employees might not be able to sustain the energy levels required for many job duties if they are tired, out -of-shape physically, or tense. Lack of exercise, sleep, or adequate relaxation do not necessarily affect an individual's ability to socialize with coworkers, enter training programs, or learn of new opportunities.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
67. A
Analyze the information. Problem solving is finding solutions for problems or obstacles. Although there are several approaches to problem solving, there are distinct steps that help employees find solutions to issues or solve work -related problems. First, the employee must define what the problem is. Then, the employee should state and check any assumptions that s/he might have about the situation. In many situations, the assumptions are inaccurate or false. After considering assumptions, the employee should collect the facts. After collecting the facts, the employee can then analyze the facts and determine which information is meaningful and useful. After analyzing the facts, the employee can come up with ideas to solve the problem, and then select (make a decision) and implement the best solution.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem (Problem-Solving)
68. A
Identified. An essential step in effective time management is to identify all of your required activities. These activities can then be classified according to type, prioritized according to importance, scheduled to be done at an appropriate time, and finally performed.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
69. D
Communications and media. This field involves jobs in radio, television, motion pictures, printing, publishing, photography, and communication systems. Many of the jobs require skills in speaking and writing as well as the ability to work with others and develop new ideas. A variety of clerical skills are necessary for the business and office field. Personal servi ces involves helping others and includes jobs in many service industries. Health and fitness includes jobs in the medical field, diet and exercise facilities, and physical therapy.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 7-9]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
70. A
Nickname. When signing the sections of an employment application that require a signature, applicants should always use their correct name, not a nickname. A nickname is a familiar form of a proper name and is generally used only by a person's family and friends. Nicknames are not considered to be professional and should not be used on applications, which are types of business documents. If an applicant has a title, such as doctor, it is acceptable to include the title with the signature. An individual's surname, or last name, is always included in the signature. Applicants should include their initials because it is possible for several people to have the same first and last names, but they usually have different middle initials.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
71. A
Radio. Radio ads are relatively inexpensive compared to the cost of television commercials, magazine ads, or spectaculars. Radio is frequently used by companies with a small profit margin or a small promotional budget. High-priced products with high profit margins are usually promoted in a combination of media, including radio, television, newspapers, magazines, and in some cases, expensive out-of-home media such as spectaculars, which are built to order.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
72. A
Price fixing. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Businesses that discuss their costs, markups, and prices with competing businesses may be involved in price fixing. In order to avoid possible price-fixing charges, businesses should not discuss any pricing issues with competitors. Variable pricing involves changing prices according to demand. Price lining is the practice of selling goods/services at a limited number of predetermined price points. Flexible pricing involves charging different customers different prices.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 364]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
73. C
Recession. A recession is a contraction of the GDP (gross domestic product) that lasts at least six months. During this phase of the business cycle, business activity slows down. As a result, unemployment occurs and consumers tend to buy less because they have less disposable income, which lowers demand. In response to lower demand, businesses often reduce their prices in order to survive until demand increases. Recovery and prosperity are phases of the business cycle that experience an increase in demand and spending. It is during these phases that demand can exceed supply. As a result, businesses are more likely to increase their prices. Deflation is not a common term used to describe a phase in the business cycle.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
74. B
It reflects the image of the business. The quality level of a product is an important part of product/service management because it reflects the image of the business. Product managers must choose not only the image they wish to portray but the level of quality that is appropriate to the products themselves. The way that a product works refers to its design. By offering warranties, product managers are protecting consumers. Labels identify a product's brand.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Product/Service Planning)
75. D
Competitors enter the market. The growth stage is the product life-cycle stage in which sales rise rapidly. As a result of increased sales, new competitors enter the market to take advantage of the opportunity for profit. The market continues to expand because the product is popular. During the growth stage, prices remain the same or are lowered slightly. A fad is a style or design that gains and loses its popularity within a brief period of time. Promotional budgets remain steady or increase a little to build product awareness.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 282-283]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
76. C
To compile customer databases. Businesses often use Internet technology to obtain valuable information about customers. Today, many businesses maintain web sites that are visited by many users who may be potential customers. When users visit the sites, the businesses often ask them to register in order to access the site. Then, the registration process involves answering a series of questions such as name, street address, e-mail address, personal interests, business associations, etc. The businesses compile this information into customer databases that they can use to send additional information to those visitors who fit the criteria of their target markets. Businesses do not use the information that they are able to obtain due to the advances in Internet technology to develop production systems, interview potential employees, or prepare operating policies.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 32]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
77. A
Advertising "100% juice" and emphasizing a picture of a fruit other than the one that is the main ingredient. Advertising "100% juice" and emphasizing a picture of a fruit misleads the consumer into thinking that the juice is 100% of the pictured fruit. That is considered unethical product labeling if that fruit is not the main ingredient. It is ethical to list ingredients, vitamins, and the name and address of the manufacturer.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Ferrell, O.C., Fraedrich, J., & Ferrell, L. (2002). Business ethics: Ethical decision making and cases (5th ed.) [pp. 34-35]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
78. B
Brainstorming. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Businesses often have groups of employees meet to review information in an attempt to identify product opportunities. Sales records are a valuable source of information to review because they contain information about product returns. Employees can analyze the reasons for the returns and brainstorm product opportunities that will solve the return problem. Reviewing a business's sales records for the purpose of identifying product opportunities is not an example of experimenting, negotiating, or questioning.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 279-280). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
79. D
Express. An express warranty is a promise expressed in a specific statement concerning the quality of the product. It may be in written or oral form. An implied warranty is an unwritten warranty that is understood by the consumer and the seller that the product will perform as expected. Not enough information is given to determine the extent of the promise; therefore, we do not know whether the promise covered all repairs (a full warranty) or only specific parts of the product (limited warranty).
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 674-677). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. C
Consumer Product Safety Act. The major provision of this act was to establish the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Among the laws administered by this commission are those covering hazardous substances, flammable fabrics, refrigerator safety, and the prevention of poisoning through packaging. The Federal Trade Commission Act established the Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act bans the production, transportation, and sale of misbranded or adulterated foods, drugs, cosmetics, and medical devices; requires testing of new drugs and generic labeling of all drugs; sets standards for production and sale of poisonous substances; and sets quality standards for foods. The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act requires product labels to identify the product, provide the name and address of the producer or distributor, and describe the contents of the package.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 126-130). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. D
Benefits. Product positioning is the customer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products. Benefits are the advantages that the customer receives from using the product. Easy assembly and operation are the product's benefits. Price refers to the amount of money a customer pays for a product. Value is the amount of satisfaction a good or service will provide a customer. Quality refers to a product's degree of excellence.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 645). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. C
Corporate brand. A corporate brand is the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Because a corporate brand may have several different products and/or product lines under its umbrella, the company may need to appeal to a variety of constituents. Stakeholders, employees, the media, and its various customers and target markets are a few of the constituents that the company must consider when it makes business decisions, which affect the company's overall image. Because the company may have several product lines or companies under the corporate umbrella (brand), product image, advertising, and assets may vary.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Roll, M. (2004, April 12). Understanding the purpose of a corporate branding strategy. Retrieved September 9, 2010, from http://www.brandchannel.com/print_page.asp?ar_id=81&section=brandspeak
83. C
Presell products. Promotion helps to presell products by informing customers about products and persuading them to buy. This makes the salespeople's job easier, but salespeople are still needed to complete the sale. Management is responsible for guiding business operations. Pricing is the marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Promotion)
84. C
The type and number of consumers and their location. These are all elements of the product's target market—the particular group of consumers who want or need a given product. Businesses must know their target markets well so that appropriate promotional mixes can be planned. The company history is a company factor. The product type and life cycle are product factors.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1—Promotional Mix
85. D
Stereotyping. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person or thing. An ad that portrays teenaged boys as lazy and middle-aged men as hard working is stereotyping, because that image is not accurate. Most businesses try to avoid stereotyping in ads because it may offend certain groups. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics. Sexism involves portraying men and women in traditional roles. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 393]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
86. C
Stealth marketing. Stealth marketing is a deceptive practice in which a business tries to stimulate interest in a product without disclosing to the public that the business is paying others to create the “buzz.” When a company pays a firm to develop and maintain a blog (online journal) about the company's new product and does not disclose that the blog content is being paid for, the company is being deceptive, which is unethical behavior. Placement promotion is an advertising technique that involves placing products in movies, television shows, etc. A sponsorship is an agreement that allows a company to pay a fee for the right to affiliate itself with a business, sports team, or event. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Anderson, N. (2006, December 13). FTC says stealth marketing unethical. Retrieved September 9, 2010, from http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20061213-8413.html
87. C
Corrective. Corrective advertising explains and amends information that was deceiving in a previous ad. If a business is found guilty of deceptive advertising, it is often required to develop corrective ads that will inform consumers about the misleading information and set the record straight. For example, if a business runs an ad that implies that a product will provide a certain benefit that it cannot provide, the business may be required to place a corrective ad that explains the inaccurate information. A comparative ad compares one product to another. Informative and affirmative are not specific types of advertising.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Clow, K.E. & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 391-392]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
88. B
The clutter in the media. Because more ads are being run, it's easier for an ad to get lost in the clutter. The high degree of clutter is one of the disadvantages of television advertising. A limitation of television as a medium is that advertisements do not reach select groups. Anyone who has a television turned on at the time an ad is run will be exposed to the advertisement. Message impact and interest in ad content have always been concerns for television advertisers. Shortened messages have not reduced this concern.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
89. B
Increased sales. Word-of-mouth communication is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. This type of positive communication often leads to increased sales for the business because it attracts new customers. When satisfied customers tell others about their positive experiences, they are encouraging others to buy from the business. This will not decrease advertising costs because the business still needs to advertise. Advertising is an operating expense. Word-of-mouth communication does not increase the product mix which is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet the needs of its market and its company goals.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 441-443). Mason, OH: South-Western.
90. B
Generate an immediate response. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. In sales promotion, coupons are a type of communications channel that are used to provide information about products to customers. The reason for using coupons is to generate an immediate response by offering reduced prices on specific items. The hope is that customers will be motivated to buy the product now because of the information they received. Sales promotion is usually intended to encourage a quick response, while advertising is intended to create long-term demand and persuade customers to remain loyal. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 383-385). Mason, OH: South-Western.
91. A
Direct selling. Direct selling involves salespeople calling on customers or potential customers. Small businesses often do not have a large sales staff which makes it difficult to contact a lot of potential customers. Participating in trade shows provides an opportunity for small businesses to make contact with many prospects. This is often a deciding factor when evaluating whether to participate in trade shows. Once businesses have contacted potential customers, they can begin to build relationships. Cause marketing involves promoting a cause or social issue. Retailing often involves customers contacting the business.
SOURCE: PR:255
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 404). Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. D
Target market. Target market is the particular group of customers a business seeks to attract. A business's target market is an external factor that has an effect on the type of promotional plan the business develops. If a business's target market is young adults, the business would develop a promotional plan that appeals to this group. The promotional plan that appeals to young adults might be very different from the type of plan that appeals to senior citizens. Vendor list, delivery system, and local media are external factors that do not affect the type of promotional plan that a business develops.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2002). Marketing (pp. 418-421). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. D
Manufacturers' promotional campaigns. Local businesses are able to gain the benefit of additional advertising by tying their promotions to the manufacturers' national campaigns. Manufacturers usually run special promotions several times a year, which gives local businesses the opportunity to obtain additional advertising without great expense. Competing businesses usually do not coordinate their promotional efforts. Coordinating a promotion with specials offered at the mall would be effective only if the business was located in the mall. Taking advantage of the discounts offered by one radio station would not be an example of coordinating promotional activities.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 409-410). Mason, OH: South-Western.
94. B
Planned. Knowing the features and benefits of products and how to use them helps salespersons to plan and organize their sales presentations. Since the salesperson is planning the sales presentation, it would not be considered spontaneous communication. The salesperson memorizes all information in a canned presentation. Selling is personal rather than impersonal because it involves communicating directly with customers.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (Selling)
95. D
Keep in touch. The best salespeople recognize the necessity of keeping in contact with their customers to maintain the partnerships they have established. This may require only a simple phone call or thank you card, or it may require a personal visit. The important thing is to let your customers know they matter to you and that you appreciate their business. It is important for salespeople to solicit feedback from customers rather than provide feedback. Salespeople should never be aggressive. Businesses, rather than salespeople, usually develop and use advertising to attract customers.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
96. B
Flexibility. Selling policies may be in writing or simply understood by employees. Opinions vary as to whether policies should be put in writing. Those against written policies claim they are too inflexible and restrictive. Some businesses prefer to have unwritten selling policies because of the flexibility that enables them to make frequent changes. Written selling policies tend to be more consistent, regimented, and conforming.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: Manning, G.L., Reece, B.L., & Ahearne, M. (2010). Selling today: Creating customer value (11th ed.) [pp. 100-101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
97. C
Sell online. Computer technology has made it possible for businesses to create web sites on the Internet that customers can access at any time. The result is that many businesses now sell online as well as through traditional methods. By adding the online sales feature, businesses have the opportunity to reach more customers and increase sales. Computer technology does not necessarily save money because businesses need to buy and maintain the equipment. Computer technology does not eliminate the need for inventory. Computer technology does not necessarily require businesses to increase staff, although businesses may replace some employees with those who have computer training.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Rayport, J.F., & Jaworski, B.J. (2004). Introduction to e-commerce (2nd ed.) [p. 21]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
98. B
Benefits. Benefits are advantages customers receive from buying a product. People buy benefits that are meaningful to them. If a feature doesn't offer a benefit to the customer, the feature is meaningless to that customer. Characteristics and qualities simply describe the product itself and not its benefits.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
99. D
Physiological. Physiological needs are the basic human desires needed to sustain life and the first level of needs in Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs. These basic needs include the need for food, water, and shelter. People are motivated to buy the products they need to live before they consider buying other products. Once people satisfy their basic needs, they are motivated to buy products to satisfy security needs, esteem needs, and finally, self-actualization needs.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Greene, C. (2003). Selling: Business 2000 (pp. 48-49). Mason, OH: South-Western.
100. D
Lack training in management techniques. Businesses often promote workers to supervisory jobs as a reward for good performance. These new supervisors often need training to help them assume supervisory responsibilities. First-level supervisors usually are familiar with the work because they have done it themselves. Long-range planning involves planning for the entire company and is a responsibility of top management, not the first-level supervisor. Wanting to move up to mid-level management is not a problem but a legitimate career goal.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1055
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. D
Bilateral contract. A bilateral contract is a mutually beneficial agreement between two parties in which both parties promise to perform certain activities. In the example, one company makes a promise to ship a certain product by a certain date, and the other company promises to pay for the products within a certain amount of time. An executed agreement is an agreement or contract that has already occurred. Exempt contract and defensible agreement are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 217]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. C
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. It is a form of ownership that appeals to individuals with business experience who want to be independent. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. A corporation is a form of business ownership owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. A franchise is an agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
Setting channel objectives. The first decision that marketers must make when managing channels is setting channel objectives. They can't make any further decisions until they've determined what they're trying to achieve. After channel objectives have been set, marketers can move on to decisions such as determining distribution patterns, selecting channel members, and determining channel responsibilities.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. C
Bar codes and EDI. Bar codes are a way of marking products that allows for electronic data interchange (EDI). This is an example of integrated information sharing that has advanced most areas of physical distribution. Merchandise information stored on the magnetic bar code is used for pricing, inventory control, reordering, market research, etc. PLUs or price look-ups are codes assigned to merchandise that typically changes price frequently. The number is entered into the checkout system and the assigned price ID rung. Outsourcing requires an outside business to complete a specified task.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 683-685]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
5. D
A tying agreement. A tying agreement is an illegal agreement requiring a customer to buy other products in order to obtain desired goods and services. Company A's goal is to increase sales by coercing Company B to carry and sell unwanted products. Intensive distribution and selective distribution are legal strategies for moving products. An open agreement may or may not be legal.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 442-443]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
6. A
Horizontal. Horizontal conflict occurs among channel members that are at the same level of the channel. These businesses usually are distributors for the same major organization and are selling within an assigned territory. Conflict often occurs when one or more channel members attempt to cut prices and lure customers away from other channel members. One fast-food franchiser trying to take business away from other franchise members in the same city is an example of horizontal conflict. Vertical conflict occurs between different levels of the same channel. Conventional and internal are not types of channel conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 395-396]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
7. A
Nodding, smiling, and writing down the idea. By nodding, smiling, and writing down Kevin's idea, Kevin's supervisor would indicate that he likes what Kevin said. The supervisor could also indicate his/her support of Kevin's idea by asking follow-up questions, maintaining eye contact with Kevin, and enthusiastically telling Kevin that he has provided a great idea. Sarcasm, frowning, crossing arms, and cutting off the speaker are rude and unsupportive actions.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. A
Chronological order. When assigning jobs or tasks to employees, managers need to provide employees with precise, easy-to-follow directions. Often, these directions involve performing tasks that need to be completed in a certain order. Then, the directions should be explained in chronological order so the employees will be able to follow them correctly. For example, employees need to know that steps one and two must be completed before step three. If directions are given out of chronological order, employees might not understand or be able to perform as expected. Directions that are explained in complex terminology, in excessive detail, or in technical language may be difficult for employees to understand and follow.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
9. A
Tone. Tone is the sound of a speaker's voice, which should carry the meaning of the subject. It is used to communicate emotions, feelings, and attitudes. Enunciation is speaking distinctly. Tempo is the rhythm of speech. Empathy is the ability to listen to what is being discussed from the speaker's point of view.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 76-77]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. D
To prepare. Oral presentations have one of three purposes: to inform, to persuade, and to entertain. Although preparing for an oral presentation is critical, it is not one of the three purposes.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: QS LAP 9—Well Said!
11. D
Appropriate way to cite his resources. To provide consistency throughout written documents, certain businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as Associated Press (AP) or Chicago Manual. Because each style manual varies and often follows different standards, writers should check the appropriate style manual to ensure that s/he is formatting a resource citation correctly. A computersoftware manual, the computer-software “help” function, or a computer-software web site provides information about setting up tables in documents. A dictionary or glossary provides formal definitions of words. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: California State University, Los Angeles. (2011, May 5). Style manuals and writing guides. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.calstatela.edu/library/styleman.htm
12. A
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An application is a form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives brief details about a project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Beare, K. (2011). Retrieved August 8, 2011 from Business letter writing: Enquiries--Asking for information http://esl.about.com/od/businessenglishwriting/a/w_make_enquire.htm
13. B
Face-to-face meeting. When a supervisor must address a sensitive, personal, or confidential issue (e.g., salary) with an employee, it is best to discuss the issue in a private, face-to-face meeting. Company newsletters, telephone conference calls, and staff memos are appropriate ways to communicate and share pertinent information with several people at one time.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Moghadas, K. (n.d.). Dealing with difficult employees: Have a one-on-one discussion. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/590691_2
14. D
Provide a meeting agenda to review. An agenda is a list of topics that will be discussed in a meeting. By having an agenda before the meeting takes place, employees can gather information and prepare notes for the discussion. Unless the department's financial status is the reason for the meeting, participants are unlikely to need a copy of the department budget. It is seldom appropriate to limit each participant's speaking opportunities.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2003). Management fundamentals: Concepts, applications, skill development (2nd ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. D
Create positive customer/client relations. Policies that establish appropriate attitudes toward customers/clients help to ensure that employees will treat customers in a way that will create positive relations. Such policies do not eliminate all product returns and refunds. These policies are not established for the purpose of making employees' jobs easier. Customer objections are reasons customers have for not buying, and they are handled with selling techniques that may involve disagreeing politely with the customer.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 26). Mason, OH: South-Western.
16. C
Arguing politely. Salespeople should never argue with the customer, not even in a polite manner. Allowing the person to express dissatisfaction will place the customer in a positive frame of mind. Therefore, you need to listen carefully, empathize with the customer's problem, and discuss the problem and possible solutions.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (pp. 54-55). Mason, OH: South-Western.
17. D
Sales force automation technology. Many companies use sales force automation (SFA) technology to support, coordinate, and increase the productivity of their sales professionals. SFA technology, which is a type of customer relationship management software, can help to automate many aspects of the sales process, such as tracking leads, prospects, and customers. Other SFA technology features include contact management, sales forecasting, and sales report generation. Campaign management software is used by marketers to develop, execute, and track the effectiveness of promotional campaigns to targeted groups of potential or established customers. Businesses often use personalization technology to target certain products to certain customers based on the customers' purchase history. Matching engine technology works in a similar manner. Based on a particular customer's needs or preferences, matching engine technology determines the product offering that would best appeal to that customer.
SOURCE: CR:018
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 192-195). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
18. D
Automation. Automation is the use of robots or other automatic equipment to do certain tasks. A business might make up for the shortage of qualified workers by relying more on the use of automated equipment or machinery. For example, the use of automatic telephone systems often eliminates the need for a business to hire experienced phone operators. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Specialization is the process of making the best use of resources in the production of goods and services. Conservation is the preservation and protection of resources and usually refers to natural resources rather than human resources.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
19. D
Increase. As prices increase, the quantity supplied will generally increase. Rising prices have the opposite effect on producers than on consumers. Increased prices will cause producers to increase supply, while consumers will demand less. Although the quantity supplied might vary, the trend with supply will be to increase as prices increase.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More is Less (Functions of Prices)
20. A
The business takes care of the responsibilities associated with having employees. Human resources management involves taking care of the responsibilities associated with having employees. Giving preferred customers a special discount is part of marketing. Including top-level managers in long-term planning is part of strategic management. And, acting on new information about a competitor can be marketing and/or operations management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
21. D
To save on taxes. One reason a company might organize itself under the laws of a different country than its "home" country is to save on taxes. Some countries, known as tax havens, have little to no taxes. A business would not necessarily organize itself under the laws of a different country to remain competitive, build brand value, or take advantage of technology—all of these objectives could be achieved without doing so.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business)
22. A
Misleading consumers. Ethics are the principles that guide a person's behavior. Ethics provide direction for a person when s/he is determining which actions are right and which actions are wrong. Society, which includes the business environment, provides us with general rules about ethical (right) or unethical (wrong) behavior. For example, deliberately misleading consumers is unethical business behavior. Misleading consumers involves not revealing the full truth about a good, service, or business activity. In some cases, misleading consumers can cause physical harm, which is clearly unethical behavior by societal standards. Identifying target markets, persuading others, and questioning standards are reasonable, ethical business activities.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [p. 42]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
23. B
The freedom to compete. In the U.S., people are free to compete for a job in any occupation, to go into business for themselves, and to compete actively in the marketplace. Government regulations protect this economic freedom. Consumers can never be fully satisfied, although efforts to do so are a critical element in marketing. Gross profit is the difference between the selling price of a product and its cost to the business.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
24. A
Personal consumption expenditures. This category of GDP includes the final market value of all services and new and used goods purchased for consumption by individuals. This would include such payments as tuition for higher education. Gross private domestic investment includes investment in both residential and nonresidential buildings and equipment as well as changes in the value of business inventories. Government purchases of goods and services include everything purchased by local, state, and federal governments. Net exports of goods and services is the difference between what the U.S. buys from other countries and what it sells to other countries.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
25. D
Growth. Other indications of economic growth are rising employment, wages, and profits. Little or no economic progress occurs during periods of economic stagnation, which is the opposite of economic growth. A recession is a downturn in economic activity that lasts six months or longer. A depression is a severe recession characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
26. C
Affirmations. Affirmations are positive statements about something you want to accept, incorporate, or develop. Roles are parts or positions that one plays in life in response to the various demands of society (e.g., student, parent). Images are mental pictures. Visualization is the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 40]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
27. C
Promptly. Honest people pay what they owe creditors when it is due. If some unexpected event makes it impossible for them to do so, they contact the creditor to explain. Paying debts sluggishly or eventually would not indicate honesty and integrity. Not all debts include interest.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 184). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. A
Feedback. Feedback is evaluative information given to you about the things you say and do. Terry's supervisor is suggesting ways that Terry can do his job better. This is part of the supervisor's job and is not unfair treatment. External training is conducted by persons or organizations outside the business, not by the business's employees. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. B
Ethics. Melissa has developed higher ethics by considering how her actions might affect other people and their feelings. Showing empathy and considering other people and their feelings does not have a direct impact on productivity, wages, or profit margins.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
30. C
Standing very close to others when talking. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals. It is sometimes described as "in-your-face" behavior because aggressive people tend to get "in the faces" of people to whom they are talking. Beginning a conversation with strangers, openly expressing negative thoughts, and refusing to do things you don't wish to do are examples of assertive behavior.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
31. D
Collaborate with others. Effective team members must be willing to help, work well with, recognize the strengths of, and listen to other team members. It is important for team members to be objective, provide positive and negative feedback in a courteous, respectful way, and offer their opinions as needed. Team members should be willing to perform any activities they can—even those activities they don't like to do, but they shouldn't take on complex or technical jobs that they are not qualified to perform.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork)
32. D
Level of uncertainty. The difficulty of a decision increases with the level of uncertainty. Amount of money, number of participants, and lack of competence may themselves increase the uncertainty, but it is the uncertainty itself that causes increased difficulty.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: QS LAP 27—Follow Me
33. B
Realistic. A vision must be realistic in order to be achievable. Although visions are made from abstract dreams and lofty goals, they must be achievable at some point in time. If a vision is unrealistic, there will be no way to obtain it. For example, you might have a dream of bringing about world peace in the next year. That's fairly unrealistic. Even though you want that to happen, you have no way of achieving it. Visions can be complex and expensive. However, they are still achievable if they are also realistic. A vision is a dream for the future rather than a current situation. However, it might involve changing a current situation or solving a current problem.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This!
34. B
Increased cooperation. When a business's employees practice good human relations skills, increased cooperation usually results because employees are willing to help each other. Practicing good human relations skills usually increases communication and loyalty. Benefits are not affected.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. D
Installment. Installment credit is often used to make major purchases such as cars and trucks. The title of ownership will carry the purchaser's name, but the seller may hold the title or have a claim against it until all installment payments are complete. Regular and revolving credit purchases pass legal ownership to the buyer at the time of purchase. Trade credit is credit extended by one business to another business.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
36. B
College fund. In many cases, paying for college is a future financial need for which many individuals and married couples plan. In order to make sure sufficient money will be available to pay for college, individuals often establish a college fund. This may be set up with a bank or an investment company. People often set aside a certain amount to invest on a monthly basis so the fund will have a certain value by the time it is needed to pay college expenses. A living will involves a person's wishes concerning medical issues. A work history is a list of jobs a person has had during his/her life. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 266). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. C
Amount due on an inheritance. A tax liability is a debt, or the total amount of tax an individual owes. There are many types of taxes, and one of them is an inheritance tax. When individuals receive an inheritance, they usually have to pay tax on at least a portion of the inheritance based on the amount of the inheritance. The inheritance tax is a debt that individuals must pay when they receive an inheritance. Deductions for a charitable contribution, interest paid on a mortgage, and the value of an exemption reduce the tax liability on the amount of income that a person earns.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 381-382). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
38. D
As soon as each check is written. To keep accurate records, you need to record all information in the check register as each transaction occurs. Otherwise, the date, check number, or check amount may be recorded inaccurately. Waiting to record check information can result in difficulties with balancing bank statements when they arrive. This could also result in checks being returned to you for inadequate funds.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Credit Union National Association. (2008). The balancing act part 1: Keep good records. Retrieved August 8, 2011, from http://googolplex.cuna.org/12433/cnote/article.php?doc_id=1608
39. C
Stocks. When people buy a company's stock, they are, in effect, becoming an owner of a piece of that company. Certificates of deposit, money market accounts, and savings accounts are examples of lending investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
40. A
Financial plan. The risk of financial loss is the basic risk in business. The key to reducing financial risk is the estimate of financial needs, capital, to support alternative target returns for each aspect of the business. Therefore, the development of a financial plan is a critical step in reducing business risk. The marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. The information system provides an organized way of gathering, sorting, analyzing, evaluating, and distributing the data the business needs. Cash-flow analysis predicts whether the cash generated by a business can cover the operating expenses and loan repayments. This analysis identifies the need for capital but does not create it.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Plan for the Worst...Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
41. B
How to manage cash flow. How to manage cash flow is not a capital investment decision. Cash flow is a concern addressed in working capital management. The three capital investment decisions are which projects to invest in, how to finance the investments, and whether or not to pay dividends to shareholders.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Nature of Finance)
42. D
Middle managers. Budgets are often prepared by the ones responsible for managing people and money, including everyone from top executives to middle managers. Middle managers often supervise business departments and are responsible for the financial activities of those departments. Not all employees prepare budgets. Inventory clerks and sales cashiers are entry-level employees who do not prepare a business's budget.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
43. A
Comfortable. One benefit of effective employee orientation is that it makes new employees feel comfortable on the job. Helping employees to adjust to their new positions makes them feel comfortable so that they are better able to do a good job and to be accepted by their coworkers. New employees usually do not feel experienced, accomplished, or invaluable until they have been on the job for a period of time after orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource Management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-334]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
44. A
Determine customer-satisfaction levels. Businesses obtain and use marketing information for many reasons. Businesses often ask customers for feedback to determine how satisfied the customers are with their goods and services. Some tools that businesses use to obtain this information are written surveys and telephone and personal interviews. After a business collects the information, it can determine what it is doing well and where it might need to make changes to improve customer-satisfaction levels. The primary purpose of conducting the survey is not to obtain demographic data, predict the feasibility of a product idea, or learn about trends in the marketplace.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 237-238). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
45. C
A customer survey would be conducted. Primary data are facts collected specifically for the problem or project at hand. Economic reports, trade publications, and sales records are examples of secondary data that have been collected for some other purpose.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2—Get the Facts Straight (Nature of Marketing-Information Management)
46. D
Leading manufacturer. More than 85% of the country's leading manufacturers have marketing-research departments. Businesses of all sizes can hire the services of outside market researchers, but large businesses often have their own marketing-research departments. Small retail businesses, local charities, and political candidates would conduct their own research or hire an outside researcher.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
47. B
Losing market share. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording and analyzing of data about a specific issue, situation, or concern. Marketers often conduct marketing research when they want to determine why problems are occurring, such as market-share loss. Market-share loss is a problem because it usually indicates that the business is selling less and losing profits. In other situations, the business wants to obtain information about competitors, new products, new market opportunities, or economic conditions (e.g., inflation), which are not always problems for the business.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 113-115]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
48. C
Attitude. Semantic-differential rating scales are used to measure attitude. Research participants are asked to check the box that best describes their feelings. Each box on the scale contains an adjective or phrase, such as courteous or discourteous. By checking a box, respondents indicate their attitude or how they feel about statements. Behavior is the manner in which individuals act. Personality is an individual's qualities or traits and behavior. Talent is an individual's aptitude for learning specific skills.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 348-350]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. A
Market share data for his company during the past year. Having the appropriate data is very important for marketing decision making. Knowing about his company's market share during the past year can help Ted while he is planning the new ad campaign. Sales volume data for the horse racing industry would not be helpful because Ted's industry is different. Strengths and weaknesses of local coffee shops would not be helpful because Ted's business isn't competing with these businesses. Demographic data for local dog owners would not be helpful since Ted's business caters to those who wish to take horseback-riding lessons.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: IM LAP 11—Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
50. C
Analysis. Coding is a process which assigns a score to each response within a data set. This is done to make analysis easier. Collecting data includes processes like conducting surveys. Presentation is the step where the conclusions of the research are presented to the business so that the business can act upon the results of the research. Preparation is the step where questions for the surveys are chosen, the sample size is chosen, and the method of data collection is decided upon.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 491]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. B
Range. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. Thirty-five dozen was the smallest number of red roses sold during a week, and 50 dozen was the largest number. An average (mean) is the sum of all of the responses divided by the number of options provided. The median is the middle value of the established sample criteria; half of the data or responses are below the median (numerical) value, and half of the responses are above the median (numerical) value. Mode is the most common value in a set of responses to a question.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 444-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. A
Simple words without jargon. Wording is an important consideration when developing a survey. To obtain objective, honest answers, respondents must be able to understand the questions. This requires the use of simple and clear (not vague) wording so respondents are not confused when they read the questions. Jargon is technical language, which may confuse respondents. Surveys should not contain words with dual meanings because these words may confuse respondents, too.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 276]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. D
May be inaccurate. The government is a valuable source of secondary information because government agencies collect data about many issues on a regular basis. However, some of this information may be inaccurate because it is collected at specific intervals of time. For example, census information is obtained every ten years, so it may be dated and irrelevant after a certain period of time. Secondary information obtained from government sources is inexpensive, easy to find, and not complicated to process.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Not keeping promises. This is an example of a business that hasn't kept its promise to customers. By not having the DVDs in stock, the video store has damaged the trust its customers have placed in it. This is not an example of using high-pressure sales techniques, delivering low-quality goods and services, or responding inappropriately to crises.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
55. B
Strategy. Marketing strategies are plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. In order to meet its goal of increasing market share, Heyman's planned the marketing strategy of participating in a variety of promotional activities. Tactics are specific actions that will be used to carry out strategies. A concept is an idea or a philosophy. Objectives are goals.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
56. B
Production quantities. Production quantities are set based on the projected sales for the company's products. The company's past sales records would be considered in preparing the sales forecast. The policies established by management for the operation of the company are not directly affected by sales forecasts. The target market is made up of consumers to whom the business hopes to sell its products.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 278-298]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
57. B
A business is planning to sell out to another company. When businesses merge or sell out to other companies, they need to provide records to prove their value to the other companies. Although businesses might retain documentation of employee anniversaries, press releases, and training plans, theses records have less significance than records needed to provide proof of a business's income, expenses, and capital investments.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Omar, S. (2004-2011). What every small business owner should know about record retention. Retrieved August 9, 2011, from http://www.isnare.com/?aid=298230&ca=Business
58. D
It is data put into a useful form. Data and information are not the same thing. Data are the necessary facts and figures, but information is what you get when data are in a useful form. Information is something an organization values, and it is not always simple to manage.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
59. C
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet provides businesses with the ability to post a lot of information (e.g., product information) in a cost effective way. The Internet also provides consumers with the ability to obtain a lot of product information from a central location at their convenience. Many web sites have employees who answer customers' questions in real time through chat-room and text-messaging capabilities. High definition television (HDTV) and satellite radio are forms of media that communicate information; however, they are expensive forms of media, and are limited in scope, depth of information, and interactivity. Scanners are electronic tools that transmit paper copies of text and graphics into a computer.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 10-12]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
60. A
Forward. By clicking the “forward” button, the message recipient can send the message to another person. The reply key allows the recipient to respond to the sender's message. The edit function allows changes to be made to an e-mail message. The new key allows the sender to create an e-mail message.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: About.com. (n.d.). How to forward e-mails. Retrieved August 9, 2011, from http://email.about.com/od/howtoforwardemails/How_to_Forward_Emails.htm
61. D
Cut and paste. Businesspeople use word-processing software programs to create text documents such as business letters, memos, reports, etc. Word-processing software programs have many features and functions that allow the computer user to manipulate text. For example, the cut function allows the user to select a block of text and remove it from a certain location. By moving the curser to another location and selecting the paste function, the user can place the previously cut text into a different part of the document. This process eliminates the need to delete text and retype it in a different section of the document, which can be time consuming. The copy function copies the selected text but does not remove it from its existing location. If the text is not copied before it is deleted, then it would not be possible to move the text to a new location in the document.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Gookin, D. (n.d.). How to cut and paste (move) text in Word 2007. Retrieved August 9, 2011, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/how-to-cut-and-paste-move-text-in-word2007.html
62. B
Sales. Many businesses are implementing customer loyalty programs. The purpose of the program is to encourage customers to buy from the business by offering incentives or rewards. By asking the customers to complete questionnaires, the business collects information about the customers' purchasing preferences and habits. This information can help the business understand what it needs to do to satisfy customers, which often results in sales increases. Although the overall business benefits when sales increase, it is sales that receive the direct benefits by obtaining and monitoring customer profile information.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
63. D
Respond to opportunities and threats quickly. A business should conduct environmental scans on a continuous basis so that it can respond to opportunities and threats quickly. Scanning on a continuous basis will not change customers' attitudes, save money, or allow a business to control the external environment.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
64. A
Bomb threat. Emergency situations usually occur unexpectedly. Therefore, business employees should know how to handle and report them even if it is unlikely they will occur. An example of an emergency situation is a bomb threat. Although most businesses will never have a bomb threat, employees should know what to do to be prepared if it happens. Internal theft, check fraud, and stolen identity are not examples of emergency situations.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Ball, D.A., McCulloch, W.H., Frantz, P.L., Geringer, J.M., & Minor, M.S. (2006). International business: The challenge of global competition (10th ed.) [pp. 281-286] Boston: McGrawHill/Irwin.
65. C
Support services. Support services are the technical or complicated activities that project members cannot do themselves. After you decide what type of additional help you might need to complete the project, you should identify the other people, organizations, and businesses that need to be involved in the project. Maybe you need the help of trained professionals to use complex equipment or different types of transportation. While determining the type of work that needs to be done, you might identify technical equipment. However, it is possible that a member of the group knows how to use this equipment. In many cases, it will not be possible to identify alternative tasks or replacement items. Then, it will be necessary to locate support services.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
66. A
Selecting vendors. Businesses often buy from several vendors, or ask several vendors to submit bids. Therefore, an important step in the process of purchasing equipment and supplies for the business involves selecting the vendors. Businesses often establish criteria for selecting vendors such as reputation, quality of goods, delivery time, price, discounts, etc. Then, the business may decide to use the vendors that meet the criteria. Reviewing revenues, monitoring competitors, and visiting trade shows are not important steps in the purchasing process.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 236-237]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
67. C
Production. This process makes resources more useful to ultimate consumers and industrial users. Marketing is all those functions involved in getting goods, services, and ideas to the final user. Refinement is the process of making ongoing product improvements. Entrepreneurship involves taking the risks of business ownership.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
68. A
To minimize errors. Quality control involves ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. Most businesses use some type of quality control method at work in order to achieve excellence and minimize errors. Quality control methods vary depending on the type of business, but they are all intended to help the business operate efficiently and correctly. An example of a quality control method might be having two people conduct an inventory count to minimize the possibility that one person will make a mistake. Businesses do not use quality control methods to organize employees, attract vendors, or guarantee safety.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 16]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
69. A
$526,750. A fixed cost is the sum of all the costs incurred by a business that usually remain at the same level no matter how many units of a product are produced or marketed. Fixed costs include rent, salaries, insurance, advertising, and the cost of maintaining a web site. Bonuses are a type of variable cost because they increase or decrease in proportion to sales volume. In this example, add the cost of rent, salaries, and maintaining a web site to determine fixed costs ($423,500 + $88,000 + $15,250 = $526,750).
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 767). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. A
Housekeeping. Housekeeping involves conducting activities that maintain the facility's appearance and cleanliness and facilitate positive working conditions. Changing worn-out or broken light bulbs is a housekeeping activity that facilitates positive working conditions. By changing light bulbs, employees can turn on light fixtures so they can see and retrieve the items they need to perform their jobs. Managing is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish a business's goals. Receiving is the acceptance of a shipment of goods. Warehousing is placing goods in safe locations until they are needed or are ready to be sold.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association. (2005). Lodging management program: Year 1 (2nd ed.) [pp. 220, 225]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
71. B
Doing things in an organized and methodical manner. People who are orderly and systematic act in an organized and methodical manner. They keep calendars and lists rather than trying to memorize what needs to be done. They put a lot of thought into planning their activities and carrying them out efficiently. This does not mean that they have rigid personalities.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-723). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
72. B
Occupational publications. The library is a good source for people to get information about career opportunities. Governments and private publishers often develop and print up-to-date reference books that contain information about career trends, salaries, skills, training and education for a wide variety of jobs. These types of reference books usually are available at the library. Fictitious magazine articles, technical books, and international data almanacs are not the best sources for Janelle to obtain credible career information.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 54-56). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. B
Proper names. Job applicants should always sign their proper names on the application form so that their names will be correct in the business's records if they are hired. The correct format is to sign the name in the order that it reads, which is first name, middle initial, and last name. Applicants should not sign their last names first. It is not correct to sign a nickname, even if the applicant prefers to be called by that name, or to use initials only.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
74. C
"Ms. Martin, I know that I can do this job, and I would like to have it." At the end of an interview, job applicants should let the interviewer know that they are interested in the job, that they can do the job, and that they want the job. This is similar to closing a sale—salespeople should ask customers to buy. In jobinterview situations, applicants should ask interviewers to buy their services (labor). Mr. Murray will doubt the applicant's ability to do the job—is there someone better qualified? Ms. Collins should be able to ask all of her questions during the interview without having to call the applicant again. Mr. Maxwell will feel that the applicant had not been listening when the reason for the job opening was discussed earlier.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 68-71]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
75. C
Learning a complex computer software program. Some computer programs are very complex to use and often require special training to learn how to use them. When a business does not have personnel who are familiar with computer software, it might hire an external trainer to come to the business to show employees how to correctly use the software. In some situations, employees might attend a class or workshop off site at a training center. Understanding the company's policy manual, interpreting a quarterly sales report, and analyzing the results of a research project do not require special training from a source outside the company.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 480-481]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
76. B
Trade shows. A trade show is a promotional method that many businesses use to introduce new products, generate new sales leads, and contact current customers at the same time. A trade show gives businesses the opportunity to display their products and meet with a large number of potential and current customers. Many businesses spend a significant portion of their promotional budgets on trade shows because they are an effective promotional method. Cash rebates involve returning part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. A sales contest is a way of motivating salespeople to increase their sales performance. Free samples are offers of a small amount of a product.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. A
Flexible. Economic hardships often force companies to lower prices to sell their products. Realistic prices are often associated with the quality of the product. Competitive pricing occurs when you try to meet or beat your nearest competitor's prices. Inflexible pricing occurs when a company refuses to change its prices to meet customer demand.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. D
Pure competition. In a pure competitive market, there are a great many buyers and sellers of nearly identical products, and businesses have very little control over pricing. More competition exists in this kind of market than in any other. In an oligopoly, there are relatively few sellers, and the industry leader usually determines prices. In monopolistic competition, there are many buyers and sellers, but there is a wide range of prices. In a monopoly, there is only one seller or provider of a product.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
79. B
Product managing. Product management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities and includes all activities from the time of a product's conception to the time of its elimination. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Positioning is a product-mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. B
Unconscious problem solving. Sometimes, people need to step away from the conscious creative thinking techniques, such as mind mapping, morphological analysis, and synectics, to allow their unconscious minds take over. During this time, people need to be open to listening to their relaxed minds and recording the ideas that come forth.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Idea Generation)
81. C
Government agencies, trade associations, and businesses. Government agencies are often responsible for setting grades and standards. The government grades many foods, sets standards for over-thecounter and prescription drugs, oversees interstate commerce and transportation, and enforces standards for fair advertising. Trade associations and professional organizations develop standards to guarantee product quality, safety, and uniformity. Businesses often set grades and standards for their own products, as well as their suppliers' products and components. To set their own standards, businesses may seek the input of their consumers, but consumers rarely set grades and standards themselves.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
82. A
Increased profits. Companies that build a reputation for carrying out the terms of their warranties and guarantees generally have higher sales, more repeat customers, and greater profits. Establishment of clear standards for the business is a business benefit concerned with better organization of the business. Increased feedback from customers is a business benefit of warranties and guarantees concerned with customers' providing information about problems and needed product improvements. Businesses should maintain a customer-oriented focus rather than a business-oriented focus. A customer-oriented focus for the business is a business benefit from warranties and guarantees concerned with meeting the needs of the business's market.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
83. D
Encourage future sales. Product bundling involves combining goods and/or services and offering them to customers as one product for a lower price than if the customers were to buy all of the products individually. The reason why businesses bundle products is to get customers to try a product they would not normally purchase. If the customers try the product, and like it, they might purchase the product as an unbundled item at another time, which encourages future sales. Businesses do not bundle products so they can limit returns, monitor promotional activities, or eliminate cash shortages.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 425-426]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
84. D
Avoid selecting a name already in use by another business. When selecting a brand name, a business should have several of its preliminary choices researched legally. Not only will this help the business ultimately protect its chosen name, but it will also help to avoid selecting—and becoming attached to— names that other businesses may already legally own. Legally researching names will not help avoid names that are unpleasant, nor will it help to stimulate consumers' buying habits. Other types of qualitative, consumer-based, and secondary research can help a business learn these things about potential brand names. The same holds true for determining if a name is adaptable to displays, signage, and advertising.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 10—Build Your Corporate Brand...Before Someone Builds It for You (Corporate Branding)
85. A
Company web site, sales calls, and trade shows. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions and experiences associated with a particular company. A successful corporate brand involves developing product and promotional mixes that communicate a desired image of the business. This communication occurs through a variety of touch points. Touch points are the opportunities that the business has to connect with customers and reinforce its brand. Some opportunities that the business has to communicate and reinforce the corporate brand are through the company's web site and during sales calls and trade shows. These opportunities involve the efforts of many of the company's employees, including the sales staff. Compensation policies, sales reports, and marketing audits are not targetmarket touch points.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Brighter Naming. (2011). Measuring your brand touch points. Retrieved August 10, 2011, from http://www.brighternaming.com/brand_touch_points.html
86. D
Value. A corporate brand is all of the impressions and images associated with a company in the minds of the consumers. To create these impressions and images, the company uses a series of activities; it positions the brand. This involves the company communicating its value to the target market. The value is the amount of satisfaction that the good or service will provide the target market. Slogans and logos are brand elements or touch points that marketers use to position the corporate brand. The brand's size is not usually a relevant factor.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Keller, K. L. (2006). Marketing management (12th ed.) [p. 316]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall/Pearson.
87. D
Institutional public service. The purpose of this type of promotion is to inform consumers of noncontroversial issues that are in the public's best interest. These types of promotions often build goodwill among the firms and the public. In this specific example, the businesses that used the "Just Say No" campaign were depicted as friends of the community. Primary product promotion focuses on creating consumer demand for an entire class of goods or services. Secondary product promotion attempts to create demand for a specific brand. Institutional public-relations promotions inform consumers of controversial issues that are in the public's best interest as well as being related to the company or its products. These promotions may improve a negative image or establish a positive one.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
88. B
E-mail. Electronic mail is a method of sending promotional messages via computer networks. Each computer has its own e-mail address or path. A street address is a number and street name of a facility that is set up to receive traditional mail service. A P.O. box is a location in a post office where customers can send their mail to hold until they pick it up. A secondary address is a general term used to describe an alternate address to send mail; it can be an electronic or traditional mail location.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 60]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. D
Pay a monetary fine to the government. When businesses fail to comply with government advertising regulations, some countries penalize the businesses by requiring them to pay fines. For example, in the U.S., a government agency (FTC) can fine a business up to $11,000 per showing of an advertisement when the business ignores a cease-and-desist order. A comparative disclosure form is not a common term used to describe government regulatory policies. A cease-and-desist order is a demand to stop running an advertisement. A cease-and-desist order is issued by a governmental agency rather than a business. An endorsement is an approval by a reputable external source.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Arens, W. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed). [p. 83]. New York: McGraw-Hill.
90. C
E-mail filter. An e-mail filter prevents messages with unfamiliar addresses from reaching an inbox. This means that an unsolicited advertisement is likely to never reach the intended recipient. Personalization has a positive impact on advertising because businesses can send e-mails with a recipient's name in the body of the message or direct targeted ads based on visitor behavior. Action and sound capabilities make Internet ads more memorable, much like television commercials. Linking allows a user to access an advertiser's web site, thereby increasing the likelihood of a purchase decision.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
91. A
Sales promotions. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Sweepstakes and contests are examples of communications channels, the means used to provide information to others, that are often used in sales promotions. Sweepstakes and contests attract a lot of attention and are effective ways to provide information about products. Sweepstakes and contests are used in sales promotions rather than in advertising campaigns and publicity programs. They may be advertised through commercials on various media.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 563-564]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. C
Want to read the message. The headline and the illustrations are two of the main elements in an advertisement. They should be coordinated to make the reader want to read the message in the copy, which is the third element in the ad. For example, the headline should attract attention and lead the reader to the illustration, which supports the headline. The coordinated headline and illustration create a desire in the reader to want to know more about the subject of the ad and, therefore, to read the message. It is not important to coordinate the headline and illustrations to make the reader appreciate the style of layout, understand the company name, or be aware of the cost involved.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 425). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. C
Participate in trade shows. When evaluating whether to participate in trade shows, businesses often take into consideration the size of their sales staff and the amount of their advertising budget. For businesses that have a small sales staff and a limited advertising budget, it is often worthwhile to participate in trade shows because this provides the opportunity to contact a large audience of potential customers. The trade show provides access to more contacts than the small sales staff can reach, and for less cost than extensive advertising. A business with a limited advertising budget probably would not develop television commercials or sponsor major sporting events because of the high cost associated with those activities. Buying space on billboards usually is not effective for businesses that sell to other businesses.
SOURCE: PR:255
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 563-564]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
94. A
Demographic trends. Demographic trends refer to the direction the population is moving in terms of physical (e.g., age) and social (e.g., income) attributes. These external characteristics can affect the manner in which a business plans its promotional activities. For example, a large portion of the population falls into the baby-boomer age group. As this group reaches retirement age, its needs and preferences change. Therefore, a business targeting its promotional efforts to this group needs to consider these changes, and adapt the promotional strategies appropriately. Product lines, staffing responsibilities, and pricing strategies are internal factors that affect a business.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 102]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
95. C
A business advertises a product and mails free samples to consumers. Promotional activities are coordinated when two or more different types of activities, such as advertising and sales promotion, are combined in order to achieve a goal. Cooperative advertising occurs when advertising costs are shared by members of the distribution channel. Using the same theme for ads in different media, such as an endorsement by an athlete, and developing a display schedule, are examples that demonstrate only one type of promotional activity.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. B
Favorable adjustment and return policies. The clerk informed Tim that he could come back and get the right size if the original-size nails were wrong. The hardware store is offering a liberal return policy which creates an environment that helps to build customer loyalty. Quality maintenance and repair services involve a company providing good services to back up its product. Readily available credit refers to a store providing credit, which may be needed for the sale of more expensive goods. Assistance with merchandising refers to the company and salesperson assisting with merchandising the product, such as helping with sales promotion ideas and/or point-of-purchase displays.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
97. A
Simply guessing. In sales ethics, when salespeople answer questions they don't really know the answers to, they are simply guessing. Whether or not they are displaying arrogance or acting aloof is not within the main focus of sales ethics. Plainly deceiving a customer is a legal issue. Guessing may or may not be considered outright deception.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Selling Ethics)
98. C
Fraud. Fraud is intentionally deceiving or cheating an individual or business out of money or property. By establishing legal guidelines for selling practices, consumers are protected from deceptive selling practices. Individuals or businesses that engage in fraudulent selling activities can face imprisonment and/or monetary fines if they are prosecuted. Therefore, the consequences of committing fraud often discourage individuals and businesses from engaging in fraudulent behavior. Debt is the money that individuals or businesses owe to others. Selling regulations do not lower business debt nor do they reduce taxation rates. Regulations are not generally established to lower competition.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Spiro, R.L., Rich, G.A., & Stanton, W.J. (2008). Management of a sales force (12th ed.) [pp. 494-495]. New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
99. D
Hidden benefit. A hidden benefit is an advantage of a product not recognizable unless it is pointed out by a salesperson. During the selling process, the salesperson should point out hidden benefits to further entice the customer to buy. If a business offers its customers a service such as a 24-hour helpline, the salesperson should let the customer know that the service is available—it might be something that helps close the sale. The example does not point out an obvious feature or exclusive want. There isn't enough information provided to indicate that the hidden benefit is a limited offer.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. A
Reaching closure. Reaching closure is the phase of the selling process in which the salesperson addresses customer objections and asks the customer to buy. Prescribing solutions is the phase of the selling process in which the salesperson recommends the specific products that will meet the customer's needs. During the establishing-relationships phase of the selling process, salespeople make their initial contacts with customers. When salespeople are discovering needs, they are questioning and listening to customers to determine what their customers really want or need.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: SE LAP 126—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
Test 1062
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. D
Regulated by various laws. There are several laws that regulate the use of credit. These laws are intended to guarantee that credit is managed fairly. The laws tend to improve the debtor-creditor relationship because there are rules in place that apply to both parties. Debtor-creditor relationships are not controlled by industry standards, intended to increase competition, or designed to monitor accounts.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [pp. 417-418]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Reduced risk of failure. The business-format franchise arrangement requires a close and continuous working relationship between the franchisor and the franchisee. Franchisors often provide training, financial guidance, and supply chains. Franchisees benefit from the franchisor's national advertising programs since they operate under the trade name. This type of assistance reduces the franchisee's risk of business failure. Disadvantages of the business-format franchise include strict operating hours, limited number of vendors, and uniform store appearance.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Forms of Business Ownership)
3. A
Channel length. The total number of members in a channel is called channel length. Channel length may be long or short depending on what makes the most economic sense. Distribution intensity and patterns have to do with intensive, selective, or exclusive distribution. Channel width refers to the number of middlemen available at the same level of a channel.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. C
Local consumers. A short channel can be used when the potential customers are few and/or located close together. The baby boomer, senior citizen, and Generation X markets have many potential customers who are widely dispersed.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. C
Distribution. Distribution uses technology for storage, product handling, inventory control, and order processing. The use of new technology makes it easier for channel members to share information and track the distribution of goods. Technology in planning is often used to collect and analyze research information. Technology in pricing is often used to verify credit or debit a sale. Technology in promotion is often used to create advertising and unique displays.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 510). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
6. D
Products are available to meet the demand. Channel members are the businesses or individuals who assist in moving goods and services from the producer to the consumer. When one channel member is planning a sales promotion, it should advise the other channel members so they can make sure products are available when and where they are needed to meet increased demand. If the channel member does not tell the producer about the sales promotion, it may not produce enough products to send to the channel member to sell to the end users. Transporters (e.g., trucking companies) do not usually need to hire order takers for another channel member's sales promotion. Although advising the producer about a sales promotion may reduce inventory stock-outs, the risk cannot be eliminated. Inventory shrinkage is the loss of inventory due to shoplifting, employee theft, breakage, misplaced goods, or poor recordkeeping.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Lamb, C.W., Jr., Hair, J.F., Jr., & McDaniel, C. (2003). Essentials of marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 43-46, 48-51]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
7. C
Authority to demand cooperation. Strong leaders have the authority and power to influence others and direct the actions of others. A channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to avoid conflict within the channel because the leader has the authority to set goals for the entire channel and demand cooperation, which reduces the possibility of conflict. The leader's authority makes it possible for the leader to assign specific responsibilities to each channel member and persuade members to accomplish their individual tasks. When each member is cooperating and working for the good of the channel, there is less chance of conflict. It is not necessary for the leader to develop friendships. Channel leaders usually do not provide training. It is not possible to regulate change, although an effective leader will help channel members adjust to change.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
8. B
Present supporting research for her suggestions in an unbiased way. By providing supporting facts, Morgan can actually show the staff how and why her ideas can improve the department's productivity. If Morgan presents research that indicates that other companies' productivity levels have improved by using approaches similar to the one that she is suggesting, then she is defending her ideas effectively. Telling Jacob in front of the group that his ideas are weak is likely to create unnecessary conflict. Restating suggestions, coming up with new ideas, and asking other group members for input are not ways to defend an existing suggestion for improvement.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 132]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
9. D
Project the image of the business. The way in which employees handle telephone calls projects the image of the business and its level of service. Handling calls in a businesslike manner can increase business. Using professional telephone techniques includes making the caller feel important, and not trying to be important. Being businesslike may enable employees to handle a great many calls or to qualify for promotion, but these are not primary objectives.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4 ed) [pp. 209-210]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. C
Determine the purpose or nature of the message. Oral presentations are given to provide entertainment, relay information, or persuade the audience into a change of attitude or behavior. The speaker needs to know the purpose of the presentation before s/he can gather information or research for the message or prepare visual aids. Although the size of the audience can be a factor in organizing the presentation, it is not the first element of the presentation that the speaker considers.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 188]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
11. A
Something is being sent with the letter. The word "Enclosure" at the bottom of the page indicates that other material accompanies the letter. This lets the recipient know s/he should look for additional material and lets the sender know if the material was not enclosed. Reference initials indicate who prepared a letter. The copy notation (cc) preceding a name (or names) signifies that copies of the letter were sent to persons other than the addressee. A request for a reply is usually included within the body of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2011). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/653/01/
12. D
Collection letter. A collection letter is a type of persuasive message that many businesses write to customers who are delinquent in making payments on their accounts. The purpose of the collection letter is to persuade customers to send payment or to contact the business to make some type of arrangement. Collection letters should not offend customers but should convince them to respond immediately. Many businesses write electronic mail, handwritten notes, and interoffice memos, but these types of messages are not necessarily persuasive.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 306-307]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. D
To help employees do a good job. One of the most important reasons for businesses to have effective staff communication is to help employees do a good job. Employees need to receive accurate directions and instructions on what is expected of them in order to do their jobs correctly. Supervisors need to be able to communicate this information to employees and be able to answer any questions. Without adequate communication, employees will not understand their role in the business and will not be able to do a good job. The purpose of staff communication is not intended to encourage personal relationships, develop business contacts, or promote social interaction.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 6-8]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Empathetic. An important part of building positive customer/client relations involves the way the business's employees treat the customers. When employees are consistently courteous, knowledgeable, and helpful, customers are likely to return to the business. To help customers, employees should try to be empathetic. Empathy is the ability to relate to another person's thoughts, feelings, and experiences. Employees who can "step into their customer's shoes" are able to see things from their customers' viewpoints. Being empathic can help calm angry customers, resolve problems quickly, and identify goods and services that will satisfy the customers' needs. A resourceful person has the ability to get the necessary things to perform a task or complete a project. A knowledgeable person has accurate or necessary information. An accommodating person gives others what they want. The ability to see things from a customer's viewpoint is not an example of being a resourceful, knowledgeable, or accommodating person.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 52). Mason, OH: South-Western.
15. D
Store policy. When a business has policies for its employees to follow in handling complaints, the customers are more likely to receive the same treatment. Procedures are the step-by-step processes that personnel follow in performing specific tasks. Customer service plan and customer complaint plan are not terms that businesses commonly use.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B.A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 250-251]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
16. C
Automobile. In order for something to be called an economic good, it must be a physical object, capable of satisfying human wants and needs, and have monetary value. Of the items listed, the automobile is the only economic good. The other alternatives are economic services.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10 Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
17. D
Determining what will put it in reach of its goals. Since Stacey's Steamers is acting with its long-term success in mind, deciding to add a self-serve laundromat should put the business in reach of its goals. This decision is part of strategic management. Establishing a system for retrieving information is part of information management. Promoting a new service to potential customers is part of marketing. While organizing the business to meet business objectives is part of strategic management, it is not what Stacey's Steamers demonstrated in this example. Organizing would involve setting up the business to be successful in providing the new laundromat service.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
18. A
Limit economic freedom. The private enterprise system provides a great many economic freedoms, but it does have certain limits. Laws that have been created to protect everyone, such as prohibiting the sale of unsafe products, are limits to economic freedom. Therefore, businesses do not have the freedom to sell dangerous products to consumers. Laws that prohibit the sale of unsafe products are not examples of factors that promote competition, reduce inflation, or increase production.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
19. C
Transfer. Purchasing insurance to cover a risk transfers the risk to the insurer. The risk is not retained, avoided, or prevented.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
20. C
Demand for products. When the economy is stable and growing, people have confidence in the future of the economy and increase spending. An increase in spending leads to an increase in demand for products, which also leads to an increase in production. When production increases, more people have jobs and money to spend, which also increases demand for products. This situation stimulates a continued growth in the economy. An increase in interest rates and unemployment levels often leads to a decrease in consumer spending. Increased spending does not lead to an increase in the scarcity of resources.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Arnold, R.A. (2004). Economics (6th ed.) [p. 185]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
21. B
The underground economy. An underground economy is one in which money transactions take place (such as tips received in a restaurant), but since no record is made of the transaction and the income is not reported to the government, the GDP does not reflect the exchange. The underground economy actually reduces the GDP. An uncounted production involves goods and services that are not sold in the marketplace so their value can only be estimated. Double counting involves counting a product or service more than once. Accuracy in counting refers to the vast amount of information that must be collected to calculate GDP which can easily lead to error in the final figure.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Sexton, R.L. (2003). Essentials of economics (pp. 288-289). Mason, OH: South-Western.
22. A
Posture. There are many verbal and nonverbal methods to express your feelings and thoughts. Your posture, or the way that you carry yourself, is one way that you communicate your feelings and feelings. A person who stands tall communicates a feeling of self-confidence. On the other hand, a person who slouches often communicates a feeling of insecurity. Gestures involve movement a nod, a wink, a wave.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [p. 352]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
23. A
Self-confidence. Taking initiative usually means accomplishing more. This increases confidence in one's abilities. People with initiative are less likely than others to be self-centered since they are alert to the world around them rather than being focused on themselves. Initiative does not increase anxiety or procrastination the tendency to put things off.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
24. A
Destructive criticism. The manager's action was an example of destructive criticism which demeans a person without just cause. Constructive criticism is evaluative information to help someone improve. Positive feedback involves praising the employee, and internal feedback is self-evaluation.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
25. D
Use of video cameras. Some businesses, such as retail establishments, use video cameras to monitor customers and prevent shoplifting. If these cameras are focused on employees, it might be considered a violation of the employees' privacy. Businesses that use video cameras should inform employees so they are aware that their actions are being recorded and monitored. Also, the business has an obligation not to use cameras in areas that are designed specifically for employees, such as break rooms. The use of time clocks is a method of recording time on the job rather than a violation of privacy. The use of security guards is a safety factor that benefits employees and customers. The use of computer passwords provides employees with a certain amount of privacy by allowing them to protect their computer systems from unauthorized access.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [pp. 936-938]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
26. D
Making appropriate eye contact with the interviewer. Appropriate eye contact means looking people in the eye without staring fixedly at them. People who are self-confident are not afraid to look others in the eye. They also speak in a moderate tone of voice that can easily be heard without being loud. Speaking in a very low tone is more likely to indicate timidity than self-confidence. Listening without interrupting demonstrates courtesy and good manners. Wearing casual clothes to a job interview indicates poor judgment rather than self-confidence.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2003). Working: Career success for the 21st century (3rd ed.) [pp. 67-68]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
27. C
Do not vote. Consensus building is the group's process of coming to an agreement. However, the members do not vote because voting involves being for or against a decision. The side with the greater number of votes wins. In consensus building, no one wins because all of the members come to an agreement. Each group member's opinion is of value and each member contributes to reaching an agreement. Therefore, each member has equal power. Consensus building does not involve following the leader or accepting majority rule.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: QS LAP 17 All Aboard!
28. C
Make a small amount of noise as you come near. Always let persons with vision impairment know that you are approaching so that you don't startle them. Coughing, clearing your throat, or making noise with your feet are all acceptable ways to announce your presence. Speaking loudly or touching people to get their attention could startle them if they aren't aware anyone is in the vicinity.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20 Fair and Square (Treating Others Fairly at Work)
29. C
Borrower. A promissory note is a legal form signed by a borrower promising to repay a loan. The person who signs a promissory note is called a borrower. A lender is the individual or financial institution granting the loan. A creditor is a person who extends credit or to whom money is owed. A depositor is a person who places money in the bank for safekeeping.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
30. C
Own the item. When an item is purchased, money is exchanged for the right to own the item. Using credit may be part of the purchase process. Filing a claim may occur later if the buyer's (or seller's) rights were not upheld. Paying for the item is the process of exchanging money during a purchase.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Guerrieri, D.J., Haber, F.B., Hoyt, W.B., & Turner, R.E. (2004). Accounting: Real-world applications & connections (pp. 46-47). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. B
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, working parents can deduct or subtract a certain amount of their incomes for the childcare expenses they incur while at work. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home mortgage interest, and charitable donations. Capital gains are taxes on earnings from the appreciation of an investment. Dividends are a portion of a company's profits that are paid to shareholders. A rebate is a part of the price that a customer pays for a good or service, which is usually offered by the product's manufacturer.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (p. 394). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
32. D
To identify trends. Through financial-information analysis, businesses can recognize what products are selling well and in what colors, styles, models, and sizes. Over time, this helps businesses spot trends in customer buying habits so that the businesses provide more of the products customers are buying and less of those that are not selling well. Selling strategies are largely determined by the nature of the product being sold rather than by financial information. Focus groups are used to collect customer reactions to and opinions about product features or company image. Businesses function in economic systems rather than creating them.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: ZeroMillion.com. (2002-2011). Financial ration analysis. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://www.zeromillion.com/business/financial/financial-ratio.html
33. B
Cash. With the cash accounting method, income and expenditures are recorded at the time the money changes hands. Because Jamie is recording the sale of purchases as the customers pay cash for them, he is using the cash accounting method. The accrual method of accounting records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. Systematic and automatic methods are not types of accounting methods.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. D
$533,750. A profit-and-loss (income) statement is a business's financial picture for a certain period of time. It includes revenue, cost of goods sold, gross profit, operating expenses, and net income/profit. The formula for calculating gross profit is revenue minus cost of goods sold ($875,250 - $341,500 = $533,750). Then, the business subtracts operating expenses from gross profit to determine net profit. Advertising costs are included in operating expenses.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
35. B
Spend their money. A budget estimates how a business will earn and spend its money. Businesses use budgets to estimate how they will spend the money they earn as income. Businesses have expenses, and budgets help businesses plan how to allocate income in order to pay those expenses. Businesses do not use budgets to calculate their assets, file their taxes, or depreciate their assets.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3 Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. C
Compensation. A commission or bonus is an example of a form of compensation. Compensation is pay for work completed. It comes in different forms for different employees. Some make an hourly wage; others, a yearly salary. Compensation may also include certain financial incentives, such as commissions or bonuses. HR management oversees compensation and benefits for all employees. Benefits are advantages employees receive in addition to their monetary compensation, such as health insurance, retirement accounts, paid vacation and sick time, etc. Employee contracts may include terms involving commission or bonuses, but these forms of compensation are not types of contracts. Employeeassistance programs do not involve compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
37. D
When to offer a discount on the product. Pricing strategies include determining what to charge for a product and also determining when to adjust the product's price by either raising it or offering a discount. Determining how much to spend on advertising is a promotional decision. Determining how much of the product to create is a distribution or "place" decision. Determining what products to offer is a product decision.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12 Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
38. C
Consumer trends. A marketing-information management system can help businesses to discover new or expanded markets and to use them. The system can gather and analyze information about consumer trends, target markets, changes in the environment, changing events, and the effects of these factors on consumers. A characteristic of useful marketing data is that they should be up-to-date. Historical data, therefore, would not usually be gathered. Employee absences are a management, rather than a marketing, consideration.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2 Get the Facts Straight (Nature of Marketing-Information Management)
39. D
Automated computer systems. Technological advancements, such as computerized telephone number selection systems, have made it possible for businesses to solicit survey responses quicker than by using manual methods. In addition, digital or electronic voice devices often expedite the survey process in a more time-efficient manner than staff interviewers. Interpersonal fax interviews and mechanical database networks are not terms that are commonly used to describe marketing-information research technological resources. Presentation software refers to computer applications that generate multimedia or slide shows.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 615). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. A
Primary. Primary data are facts that a business collects for a specific purpose or project. A focus group is a group that forms to discuss a specific topic. A business might form a focus group of customers to gather first-hand information (opinions) about its goods and services. The data are used to help the business resolve a problem or make decisions about product development, customer service, etc. Secondary data are facts that are collected for purposes other than the issue or project at hand. Statistical data are numerical facts. Oftentimes, businesses will assign numerical values to qualitative information to obtain statistics. Complementary is not a type of marketing-research data.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 184-186]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
41. D
What do we already know about this problem or opportunity? This is a question that would be answered through a situation analysis, exploratory research into the problem at hand as well as the total business environment. The other questions are specific decision problems that a situation analysis would be conducted to address more thoroughly.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 13 What's the Problem? (Marketing-Research Problems)
42. A
Objectives. There is a strong relationship between the research purpose and the research objectives which are the goals of the research. Businesses create research objectives to help answer the research problem. For example, if the problem is service, one objective might be to determine customer satisfaction with delivery. Strategies are plans of action, or activities, for achieving goals and objectives. A procedure is the step-by-step process personnel follow in performing a specific task.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 612). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. D
Itemized. Businesses often develop questionnaires to distribute to consumers in order to obtain relevant marketing information. The questions are often designed to require respondents to select one of a few options. The Likert scale is an example of an itemized rating scale because it rates response according to a numerical value. For example one option, strongly agree, is valued at 5 and strongly disagree is valued at 1, with other options valued in between at 2, 3, and 4. A constant-sum rating scale requires the respondent to assign a value (e.g., percentage) to the options provided on the questionnaire. A paired comparison scale asks respondents to make comparisons on the basis of specific circumstances or criterion.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Aaker, D.A., Kumar, V., & Day, G.S. (2007). Marketing research (9th ed.) [pp. 291-292]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
44. C
Income. Demographics refer to the physical and social characteristics of the population. Factors such as age, gender, education, occupation, and income are often considered when conducting marketing research. Opinions, traits, and values are considered psychological factors.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 307]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. D
Interview. Researchers often collect marketing data by conducting interviews with customers. The interviews can take place over the telephone, through the computer, or by holding face-to-face discussions (group or individual). An interview is a good method to use when the business wants in-depth information from the respondents. The disadvantage to holding interviews is the expense. Observation is a research method that involves watching customers. Relational and contact interviews are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 156-158]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. D
Unsatisfactory responses is low. Before a marketing researcher can analyze survey results, the raw data must be converted into a usable format, which often involves assigning numerical values to the responses. The researcher must review the raw data for errors, which occur when respondents do not answer all of the questions. If the number of error-filled questionnaires is low, the marketing researcher may decide to discard all questionnaires with errors. The number of or percentage of questionnaires that a researcher discards due to errors depends on many factors; however, a generally accepted figure is below 10 percent of all questionnaires that respondents fill out.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 496-497]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. B
3.7. The mean is the arithmetic average of a statistical sample. To calculate the mean, first multiply the value of each response by the number of responses (6 x 6 = 36; 5 x 10 = 50; 4 x 15 = 60; 3 x 12 = 36; 2 x 7 =14; 1 x 4 = 4). Then, add the totals (36 + 50 + 60 + 36 + 14 + 4 = 200). Next, tabulate the total number of responses (6 + 10 + 15 + 12 + 7 + 4 = 54). Divide the total by the number of responses to determine the mean (200 ÷ 54 = 3.703 or 3.7).
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 171). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
48. D
Tim did not answer the last two questions on a written survey. Response errors occur when respondents do not correctly answer or complete a survey. These errors may affect the quality of the overall data and the analysis process. Because Tim didn't answer two questions on a survey, a response error occurred. Errors may be intentional or unintentional. For example, a respondent might refuse to answer a question because s/he believes it is too personal, while another respondent might not answer a question because s/he did not see it. Incorrect coding is an editing error. When a sample group is not representative of the target market, a procedural error occurs. Developing open-ended survey questions does not indicate a response error.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 496]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. B
Internet survey. A survey is a marketing-research method that involves asking customers questions to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. For example, a business might obtain marketing information from its customers because it wants to determine their levels of satisfaction during their last encounters with the business. The business might e-mail a short, easy survey to its customers within 24 hours of their last business encounter. Because the survey is short and the encounter is fresh in the customer's mind, the customer is more likely to respond to the survey. The Internet is a quick, easy, cost-effective method for collecting this type of information. Face-to-face interviews and test marketing, which are types of field experiments, are often expensive, time-consuming methods for collecting marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 184-187]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
50. B
Wherever customers are. In an overall sense, marketing occurs wherever customers are. Advertisements, stores, and trucks are part of marketing and can be present when marketing occurs. But marketing occurs where customers live, work, study, recreate, etc.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
51. C
Industrial. An industrial market is a customer or potential customer who purchases items for use in the operation of a business, for resale, or for making other goods. The consumer market is a customer or potential customer who purchases goods or services to satisfy personal desires. Economic and production are not types of markets.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
52. C
Threats and opportunities analysis. A threats and opportunities analysis is the element of the marketing plan that provides information regarding the positive (e.g., potential markets) and negative (e.g., competition) factors that can affect the business's marketing strategies. Objectives and issues are generally addressed after the threats and opportunities are presented. The action program provides details about the specific activities that are needed to meet the stated objectives. The budget allocation provides details regarding the financial requirements that are needed to carry out the action program.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: MP LAP 1 A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
53. D
Reduce prices by 4%. Businesses use the information in sales forecasts to make decisions that will contribute to their success. One of these decisions involves price. If a sales forecast predicts a drop in demand for the business's product, the business may decide to reduce prices in order to generate more sales. If a sales forecast predicts a drop in demand, a business would not increase production or recruit new employees. Many businesses increase advertising when demand begins to drop in order to attract new customers.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Fastlinksolutions. (n.d.). Sales forcasting: Factors that influence sales. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://www.fastlinksolutions.co.uk/calculat.htm#factors
54. A
Identity theft. A risk involved with information management is leaving customers unprotected from identity theft. An information management program that does not use technology properly may put customers' personal information at risk. Appropriate information management will not necessarily protect customers from bad service, high prices, or faulty products.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
55. C
Worldwide. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Its scope is worldwide rather than regional because it is available to anyone who has access to a computer that has connectivity. Certain elements of the Internet are secure; however, that does not affect the scope. The Internet is not proprietary.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 208). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Reply. The reply key allows the e-mail recipient to write a response to the sender's message. The forward key allows the e-mail user to send or forward a message that s/he received to another user. The e-mail user clicks on the send key when s/he wants to transmit the message to the message receiver. The import key allows a user to bring documents, graphics, or programs into a computer program from another computer program.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Denton, C. (2009, June). E-mail basics. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://www.smartcomputing.com/editorial/article.asp?guid=&bJumpto=true&Isfrm=IN&article= articles/webonly/techsupport/55w10/55w10.asp&ArticleID=31112
57. B
Mailing labels. Database software programs have the ability to sort customer lists based on a variety of criteria such as zip code, name, type of business, etc. Once a list of customers has been identified based on specific criteria, the database software can generate mailing labels for the targeted customers. This enables a business to send information to select customers rather than to the entire customer list. Database software programs are not used to print sales catalogs, budget reports, or internal memos.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 199). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
Confidential. Some business records need to be maintained in a secure location because they contain confidential information. Some of these records contain confidential information about employees, such as pay rates and personal references. Other records that contain confidential information about promotional strategies and new product development might harm the business if they fell into the wrong hands. Historical information explains how the business started and is often published and made available to the public. Regulatory information is usually provided by the government.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
59. D
Demand for skilled nursing care rises as the population ages. The impact of demographics (the age of the population) on a specific industry (health care) shows that businesses have unique relationships with their environments. The aging of the population affects other industries, but perhaps not as directly as it does health care. An economy phasing through the business cycle and a shift in social/cultural attitudes are examples of how environmental factors are dynamic. New technology causing new laws to be enacted is an example of how environmental factors are interrelated.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
60. A
Wipe it up immediately. Spills may make the floor slippery and create a safety hazard. Others may not notice the spill, fall on the wet surface, and suffer injuries. All employees are responsible for helping to maintain a safe environment. They should not wait for the floor to dry, tell others about the spill, or leave it for the cleaning crew.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging Association (2006). Lodging management program: Year 2 (2nd ed.) [pp. 454, 456]. Lansing, MI: Educational Institute of the American Hotel & Lodging.
61. B
Set goals. It is important to develop a clear understanding of the project's objectives or goals. Without a clear understanding of the desired outcome, a project manager cannot effectively develop a schedule, negotiate terms, or monitor project progress.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
62. A
Selecting vendors. Purchasing is the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the business or for resale. An important purchasing activity is selecting vendors (suppliers) that have the products the business needs to use in its day-to-day operations, to make items to sell to customers, or to resell to customers. Pricing is a marketing function. Developing financial statements is an accounting activity. Managing employee benefits is a human resources management activity.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 492, 494). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. A
Risk levels of doing business with the vendor. If a vendor is not financially stable, there is a risk that the vendor may not have the resources to meet the business's needs. And, if the vendor's financial condition is extremely poor, the vendor may go out of business. A lack of financial resources may affect the vendor's products, its level of customer services, and its lead times.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 252-253]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
64. B
Making personal use of company property. Employees can help reduce expenses by respecting company property. One way that employees can do this is by not taking anything belonging to the business for their personal use. This can range from not making personal use of company vehicles to not taking home pens and pencils. Businesses must replace the company property that employees take for their own use, which results in additional expense for the business. Taking the initiative to find work, reporting incidents of shoplifting, and giving appropriate discounts to customers are ways that employees can help control expenses.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
65. B
Accidents. An accident is an unexpected happening that may result in injury, loss, or damage. Businesses reduce the possibility of accidents occurring by properly maintaining their facilities. Proper maintenance helps to eliminate hazards such as torn carpeting, damaged floors, broken stairs, and protruding counters. Accidents may occur at any time, but businesses can reduce the risk by properly maintaining their physical facilities. A robbery is a theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. A subsidy is government financial help given to a business. A takeover is an attempt by one business to buy out, or take over, another business.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [pp. 318-320]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
66. D
Dark pantsuit, blouse, and low-heel shoes. Because a chamber-of-commerce luncheon is a business function, Julianne should wear conservative business apparel. A dark pantsuit, blouse, and low-heel shoes (e.g., pumps) are appropriate clothing choices for business functions. Short skirts, bold or colorful blouses, sandals, casual pants, t-shirts, and athletic shoes are too casual for the event. A black, sequin dress; short jacket; and high-heel shoes are appropriate clothing options for formal evening events.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5 Brand ME! (Maintain Personal Appearance)
67. A
Helps to achieve the goal. Setting a time limit seems to keep most people working toward a goal. It is, therefore, a recommended technique. The length of time assigned to meeting the goal would depend upon the effort required. Putting your goal in writing is a technique for reminding you of the goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
68. B
Objective. An employee who is objective tries to view conflict in an unbiased manner and is not influenced by the opinions of others. Employees who remain objective and do not take sides in a conflict often are able to help solve the problem. By remaining objective, they are able to see both sides of the conflict and identify possible solutions that will satisfy all concerned. Employees who are judgmental form opinions before knowing all the facts. Employees who are emotional often make decisions based on their feelings rather than on the facts. Employees who are aggressive often ignore the rights of others and exploit them in order to achieve personal goals. Being judgmental, emotional, or aggressive often makes it more difficult to solve problems.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: PD LAP 17 No Problem (Demonstrating Problem Solving Skills)
69. D
Earned a bachelor's degree. The best business career prospects are available to candidates who have earned a bachelor's degree. Some jobs require only a high school diploma, but these are only entry-level jobs. A background in accounting or a stock broker's license may be helpful for certain careers or jobs, but neither of these is as useful without the foundation of a bachelor's degree.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15 Go For It! (Careers in Business)
70. D
Obtain the permission of the people whose names you use. Never give someone's name as a reference on a résumé unless you have asked the person if s/he is willing to be listed. This is not only courteous, but it gives the person time to think about what s/he should say about you if asked. References should be previous employers, instructors, or others who can verify your job skills, not personal friends who may not be able to answer questions about your skills. Initials may be used if the first name is unknown, but it is better to use the first name for the most accurate identification of the person.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 45]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
71. D
Increase. The price is likely to increase in order to cover the additional costs of an expensive promotional effort to introduce the product to a national market. The price is not likely to decrease, remain the same, or constantly change.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2 The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
72. A
Bait-and-switch advertising. This is an illegal tactic that involves promoting a low-priced item to attract customers to whom the business then tries to sell a higher priced item. In many cases, the low-priced item is in limited supply or completely unavailable when customers try to buy it. The business then shows customers a more expensive item and encourages them to buy. A loss leader is a product that is sold below cost. High-pressure selling involves putting pressure on customers to buy. Price-ticket switching is a type of fraud by which a higher priced ticket is removed from merchandise and replaced by a lower priced ticket.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Anderson, A. (n.d.). Examples of bait & switch. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-bait-switch-advertising-10575.html
73. B
Earning return on investment. Profit-oriented pricing objectives focus on creating profits for the business. The other category of pricing objectives is sales-oriented pricing, which focuses on increasing the total amount of income from sales. Becoming more competitive, creating an image for the business, and increasing market share are sales-oriented objectives.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3 Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
74. C
No; it can delay entry into the full market. Test marketing involves introducing a product to a limited market to see what its acceptance will be. Test marketing serves to guide the planning of actual marketing strategies. The product may be tried out in specific locations to get customers' and retailers' reactions before starting a wider distribution. However, not all new products need test marketing. Test marketing may not be used for some products/services because it is costly, delays entry into the full market, provides no guarantee of actual success, may not give an accurate picture of performance, and gives competitors an opportunity to steal the idea while it is being tested.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
75. B
Computer-aided design. Computer-aided design (CAD) is a type of software program that allows users to draw two- or three-dimensional illustrations on a computer. Many types of businesses use CAD software to design their products and use them as a blueprint for constructing the products. The program offers businesses the flexibility to customize products. Photo management, freeform application, and remote access are not types of software programs that businesses use to plan, build, modify, or customize products.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Hunt, J. (2005, December 22). Definition of computer aided design (CAD) software. Retrieved October 19, 2011, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Definition-of-Computer-AidedDesign-(CAD)-Software&id=117506
76. D
Provide replacement parts for the product. Businesses discontinue products for many reasons, such as decreasing sales and profits. In other situations, the reason is because the business has developed an altered version of the product or a new model. After deciding to discontinue the product, the business must decide whether to provide replacement parts. In some situations, many of the discontinued products remain in use in the marketplace. If replacement parts are available for purchase to fix the damaged product, then an owner can still use the product. However, if parts are not available and the product becomes unusable, then the owner may need to purchase another product, either the business's newer model of the product or a similar product that one of the business's competitors offers. This often creates an ethical dilemma because a very expensive, complex product, such as a piece of machinery, can be very costly to owners to replace. Reducing the prices of discontinued products is a common practice and is ethical if the business advises the buyer that the products are being discontinued. If there are a lot of similar products readily available, then advising the public about other similar products on the market is not necessary.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketingstrategy planning approach (16th ed.) [p. 276]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
77. A
Each member possesses a unique perspective. When more than one person is involved in the creativethinking process, different types of ideas are often generated because each member has a unique point of view. The success of the group creative-thinking process depends on many factors including group size, the quality and quantity of each member's contribution, and the situation requiring idea generation. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that each group member contributes in the same manner, that ideas are generated quicker, or that one technique (e.g., brainstorming) is more effective than other techniques.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11 Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Idea Generation)
78. A
Grading. Producers who grade products and indicate their grade with a letter or word on the product label enable customers to compare product quality without inspecting each product. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback. The labeling process identifies products and provides customers with product information. Combination branding is the use of both the company name and the individual brand name on the product (e.g., Kellogg's Sugar Frosted Flakes).
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8 Raising the Bar (Grades and Standards)
79. C
To compete effectively. The business with a deep product mix offers a great many items in the product line. This allows the business to meet the needs of a variety of consumers, use a range of prices, and compete effectively. A shallow product mix helps a business to control its costs. The use of a narrow product mix enables a business to specialize in a product line. The use of similar methods of distribution relates to the consistency of a company's product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
80. D
Bundle. Product bundling involves combining several products and selling them for one all-inclusive price. Businesses often bundle products to encourage customers to buy products that they might not otherwise want to buy. The price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. The lower price is an incentive to buy. As a result, customers buy the total package, which may include products that they ordinarily would not purchase. Businesses routinely promote, market, and display products. However, these activities usually are not very effective in encouraging customers to buy products that they do not want.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 553). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. B
Complementary and more or less equal in stature. Two brands join forces as "co-brands" for the purpose of increasing sales and market share for both. Each benefits from the other's brand equity. Co-branding works best when the two brands "go together," or are complementary, serve similar markets, and are essentially equal. The co-branding arrangement of Starbucks and Barnes & Noble exemplifies cobranding principles and has been extremely successful. Successful co-branding does not require that the brands be in the same industry segment. The two brands should actually not be competitors, nor must they be owned by the same parent company.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (The Nature of Branding)
82. B
Emotional connections with customers. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions and experiences with a particular company. An effective corporate brand creates specific images in the minds of consumers by using a variety of touch points to deliver consistent messages that reinforce the brand's values. For example, if the brand's values embrace quality and status, then the business will use strategies to communicate these associations to consumers. The operations function of business addresses the company's distribution needs and efforts.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices(5th ed.) [pp. 287-288]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
83. D
Persuade consumers to buy a good or service. Product promotion is used to stimulate consumer purchases of goods or services. Informing the public of the company's future and demonstrating the firm's social responsibility are examples of institutional promotion. Institutional promotions might also be used to enhance morale and recruit employees.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4 Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
84. C
Advertising. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. It can be used to promote products or any kind of business. Publicity is a nonpersonal form of promotion that is not paid for by the company or individual that receives it. Sales promotion is promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Personal selling is the form of promotion that uses planned, personalized communication in order to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities. Both sales promotion and personal selling would be more likely to be used in promoting products.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1 Spread the Word (Nature of Promotional Mix)
85. C
Graphic design software. Graphic design software consists of programs that instruct computers on how to create text, graphics, layouts, backgrounds, and other design components. As the technology evolves, the quality of printed products (e.g., brochures) continues to improve. An example of interactive viewing technology is videoconferencing capabilities. Participants in interactive communication control the content and pace of the message content. Printed promotional pieces are not considered interactive forms of communication. Spreadsheet software is used to calculate and analyze numerical data. Database tracking technologies are usually used in market-research efforts.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 200-201). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. B
Monetary. Regulators may deem an advertisement unfair if it causes monetary harm to consumers. That is, it coerces consumers to purchase products that they do not want. Even if an advertisement causes cognitive harm (reinforcing stereotypes), emotional harm (invoking fear), or behavioral harm (causing aggressive behavior), regulators usually don't consider it to be unfair unless it causes consumers to spend money on items that they don't want.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Fawkner, E. (2005-2006). Not just 6 lines, 65 characters. Retrieved October 20, 2011, from http://www.ahbbo.com/adsftc.html
87. D
Newspaper advertising. Apparel and accessories are regularly advertised in newspapers for many reasons. The ads can be illustrated, they have a short lead time, they cost less than some other forms of promotion, and they are seen by great numbers of consumers. Magazine advertising and fashions shows are more expensive than newspaper advertising. Radio commercials cannot show consumers what fashions look like.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
88. D
An apparel company mails its latest catalog to customers who have ordered items within a year. Direct advertising refers to promotional messages that are sent directly to the target market through a medium in which market response can be measured. Catalogs that are mailed directly to established customers represent an example of direct advertising. Unless interactive capabilities are available, television is usually considered a mass medium that has substantial reach but cannot always be measured effectively. Therefore, the options referring to soft drinks and hotel chains are not examples of direct advertising. Telephone surveys are considered a function related to market research rather than promotion.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 403-405). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. B
Communications channels. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. In sales promotion, businesses use several means to provide information to customers or potential customers. These include giving away samples so customers can have firsthand experience with the product; giving away premiums which are free gifts that remind customers of the business; and giving away advertising specialties, such as key chains that include the name and phone number of the business. The reason for using these communications channels is to encourage customers to buy. Samples, premium, and advertising specialties are not examples of publicity strategies, marketing activities, or selling techniques used in sales promotion.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Fennell, Z. (n.d.). Importance of communication channels in business. Retrieved October 20, 2011, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6511827_importance-communication-channelsbusiness.html
90. A
Elements in advertisements. The headline, illustrations, copy, and signature are the main elements in advertisements. It is important that all of the elements be coordinated to create an effective ad that will attract readers. One way to coordinate the elements is to make sure that they promote the same theme. The intent is for each element to reinforce the others and strengthen the message of the ad. Making sure that the headline, illustrations, and copy promote the same theme is not an example of coordinating principles of design, channels of communication, or arrangements in print.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 423-428). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. A
Public-relations activities. Public relations is a function of business designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. One of the uses of public relations is to promote products and increase awareness of the products and of the business. To do this, businesses use a variety of publicrelations activities to communicate with the public and provide positive information. Creative thinking is thinking in a creative way, using the creative-thinking process. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about problems relating to the marketing of goods and services. The purpose of cause-related advertising is to create awareness about social causes (e.g., poverty) rather than to promote products.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 655]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Most likely prospects. The target audience is a group of consumers who are the most likely prospects for a good, service, image, or idea. As a rule, only those consumers who are interested in the products being displayed will attend a particular trade show which is an event where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to build sales leads and interest. Therefore, participating in trade shows is an effective way for businesses to communicate with the consumers who are the most likely prospects to buy from the business. A business's major competitors usually participate in the same trade shows, but the competitors are not the target audience. Trade shows often attract consumers from throughout the country rather than only important local residents who may not be part of the target audience. Consumers attending trade shows usually are not potential employees.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 200-202]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
93. A
Will the competition be selling similar items? The buyer and store manager would not be overly concerned with the competition's product line at this moment. The attention would focus on confidence that the items would arrive on time in order to decide if the advertisement should be delayed or canceled altogether. Buyers always have to stay appraised of the arrival of merchandise to ensure that promotional and merchandising activities are coordinated.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Tradingpost.com.au. (n.d.). Removing ads. Retrieved October 20, 2011, from http://www.tradingpost.com.au/Help/Selling/Managing-your-ads/Cancelling-ads
94. D
Create desire for products. Through the selling process, salespeople are often able to create desire for products by demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services. By presenting the features and benefits, salespeople can explain to customers how the particular products will satisfy their wants and needs. As a result of creating desire, salespeople are often able to sell the product. Demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services does not add usefulness to products, develop new and improved products, or provide jobs for more employees.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. A
Promotes repeat business. Most companies realize that repeat business is important in order to be successful. One way to promote repeat business is to provide customers with good service that builds lifetime sales relationships. Customers who are satisfied with the service they receive usually continue to do business with the company. Good service helps to create loyal customers who are less likely to be influenced by competitors. Following up with customers, offering financial assistance, and suggesting new information are methods of providing customer service.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: Odgers, P. (2004). The world of customer service (p. 22). Mason, OH: South-Western.
96. C
Word-of-mouth. Word-of-mouth is a form of publicity since the business that benefits from it does not pay anyone for the endorsement or to sponsor it. People like to know about new businesses, so a good impression made on one person may be passed on to many others. Point-of-purchase displays are forms of promotion that are usually near the cash register and are used to generate impulse sales. Specialty advertising includes items such as pens, matchbooks, calendars, or key rings embossed with a company's name, logo, or promotional message.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115 Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
97. A
Manage contacts. Technology helps salespeople perform their jobs more efficiently. Computer software programs that store information, such as names, addresses, and phone numbers, help salespeople manage their customer contacts. The purpose of this type of software is not to help salespeople evaluate sales territories, develop reports, or plan presentations.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Futrell, C.M. (2006). Fundamentals of selling: Customers for life through service (9th ed.) [pp. 193-194]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
98. C
Obtain the necessary facts. A salesperson can get information about product features from many sources. These sources include manufacturers, coworkers, promotional materials, repeat customers, and the product itself. Once the salesperson obtains the necessary product information, s/he can develop a feature-benefit chart. A salesperson doesn't evaluate the competition's reactions or explain the product's apparent benefits before developing a feature-benefit chart for a product. A salesperson lists the product's features while s/he is developing the chart rather than before developing it.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
99. B
Use the selling process differently. There is a difference in the use of the selling process, depending on the nature of the product and the type of customer. Salespeople who sell inexpensive, frequently purchased items, such as bakery goods, do not need to prospect or qualify potential leads. Salespeople who sell large, expensive items, such as cars, usually need to do a lot of prospecting and spend time determining exactly what their customers want. Bakery customers usually know what they want, whereas customers buying cars may need a lot of assistance.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 261, 270). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
100. D
Employees. Human resources are all of a business's employees who work to produce goods and services. Many businesses believe that employees are their most important resource, because without workers, the business could not function. Office supplies and equipment are examples of material resources. Sales revenue is a financial resource.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Nature of Management)
Test 1069
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. B
Consistent treatment. Legal procedure refers to the methods and processes used to protect an individual's or business's legal rights. These rights include the right to obtain legal counsel, the right to be heard in court, the right to confront the accuser, etc. Legal procedure involves following the same steps and protocol to ensure that both the defendant and the plaintiff are treated in a fair and consistent manner. The purpose of legal procedure is not to ensure that each party receives ongoing advice. In most legal proceedings, one party is not going to be satisfied with the verdict or outcome. An indictment is a formal charge or accusation of a crime.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 116-117]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Corporation. Wal-Mart, Chevron Texaco, and Ford Motor Company are all large businesses owned by their shareholders, who own stock in the company. These businesses are operated under written permission from the states or provinces in which they operate. A sole proprietorship is a business owned and operated by one person. A partnership is owned by two or more people. A franchisee purchases the rights to operate a business using the parent company's (franchisor's) name.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 3—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. B
Getting their products to consumers more efficiently. Channels of distribution benefit businesses by getting their products to consumers more efficiently. This may help to raise profits, but it is not a guarantee. Channels may lower the prices of some but not all industrial goods. Channels allow businesses to share channel tasks, but they will not be able to avoid all channel tasks—every channel member contributes.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. C
Producer. The channel of distribution begins with the producer. The producer's goal is to reach the consumer as quickly and efficiently as possible. A retailer buys consumer goods or services and sells them to the ultimate consumer. A wholesaler buys goods from producers or agents and sells them to retailers. An agent assists in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services, but does not take title to them. The retailer, wholesaler, and agent are intermediaries because they operate between the producer and consumer to help the movement of goods and services.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. A
Introduce new items in the marketplace. A slotting fee is a cash premium that producers pay to businesses to cover the costs associated with carrying a new product. In many cases, the producer that offers the largest fee is the one that gets shelf space for its new product. This presents an unethical situation because many small producers cannot afford to pay large slotting fees, which limits the introduction of new items in the marketplace. Exclusive dealing is an illegal practice when it restricts competition; however, it may be legal when small businesses are entering the marketplace. Direct distribution is a channel of distribution in which products move directly from the producer to the end user. Slotting fees may hinder a business's ability to distribute its products to the target market, but the slotting fees do not limit the business's ability to identify potential target markets.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 399]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
6. D
Vertical. Vertical conflict involves disagreements among businesses on different levels of the same channel of distribution. Manufacturers and their authorized dealers are in the same channel of distribution, but they are on different levels. Conflict might occur if the manufacturers develop policies or restrictions that anger the dealers and which the dealers refuse to accept. Horizontal conflict occurs among businesses at the same level in a channel of distribution. Indirect and corporate are not types of channel conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 339]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
7. D
Credibility of the sources. When identifying sources that provide relevant, valid written material, the researcher evaluates a variety of factors, including the credibility or believability of the source. If the writer provides feasible supporting evidence to back up an opinion, outcome, or claim, the researcher may determine that the source is credible. Other considerations are the timeliness of the data or article, the relevance of the information to the topic at hand, and the expertise of the writer or publisher. Readability of the text involves the reader's ability to understand the content. If the researcher is evaluating a research study, s/he might analyze the margin of error of certain types of data as one factor in determining a source's credibility.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Young, D.J. (2006). Foundations of business communication: An integrative approach (pp. 293, 494). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. D
Follow directions. In order to follow directions or instructions, the person receiving them must listen carefully. Listening is an important skill for everyone, but it is especially important to workers who receive directions from supervisors about their job duties. Good listeners are often effective workers who are less likely to receive criticism and more likely to earn raises. However, listening skill does not enable workers to avoid all criticism, to earn frequent raises, or to become good speakers themselves.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 179-182). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
9. B
Actively. Active listening is giving full attention to what is being said. It enables the listener to note major points and to notice gestures or actions which give added meaning to what is being said. Passive listening is casual listening, or paying only partial attention to what is being said. Distractedly describes a listener whose mind is on other things, not just on what the customer is saying. Listening to customers should be thoughtful and rational, not emotional.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 52]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. B
Frustrated. Nonverbal cues can tell others a lot about your emotions. In this situation, Ryan's nonverbal behavior indicated that he was frustrated because he couldn't get his computer to do what he wanted it to do. If Ryan was patient, he would not continuously hit his keyboard, turn red, or frown. If Ryan was bored, he would be inattentive about his situation or surroundings. He might even yawn or do something other than computer work for a while. Enthusiasm is associated with a positive attitude.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-57]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. D
The use of toxic chemicals in the environment can result in the extinction of many species of waterfowl. This example indicates that the extinction of waterfowl (the end result or effect) is caused by the use of toxic chemicals (the cause). The public supports increased spending on national security, and a survey reports that over seventy percent of the citizens fear future terrorist attacks: This is an example of the use of a generalization with an example method of presentation organization. Monet and Cezanne were both impressionist artists; however, their painting techniques and use of color varied greatly: This is an example of the compare and contrast method of presentation organization. An example of the enumeration method of presentation organization is as follows: We will begin by discussing the basic steps used in developing effective time management techniques, and the first step is to prioritize all of your commitments.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [p. 191]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
12. A
Use abbreviations and symbols. Developing a system of and writing down abbreviations and symbols (i.e., shorthand) is much quicker than writing out long phrases and complete sentences. For example, to remember a very important point, Allison might place a star or asterisk by a key word, short phrase, or abbreviation. After the seminar, Allison can refer to her "shorthand" notes and write more comprehensive notes for future use. Writing on note cards, focusing on subtopics, and asking the speaker to provide handouts will not help Allison take accurate notes in real time.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Pearson Education. (2000-2012). Taking notes. Retrieved August 8, 2012, from http://www.factmonster.com/homework/studyskills2.html
13. C
Essential information. E-mail is a quick, efficient way to communicate with customers and coworkers. The primary reason for writing the e-mail message is to inform others about various business activities; therefore, it should be written in a friendly, professional manner that contains essential information. Businesspeople tend to receive a lot of e-mail messages, so it is important to get to the point quickly. The message should be concise, free of typographical errors, and grammatically correct. The e-mail message may or may not be urgent, persuasive, or encouraging in nature these factors depend on the purpose of the message.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 183-186]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. D
Routine. Employees often use simple written reports to provide managers with routine information, such as the number of items sold each week. Routine information is the type of data that managers need on a regular basis in order to monitor the operation of the business. Simple written reports are straightforward and direct and contain only routine business information. They do not contain analytical, extensive, or indepth information, which is usually presented in complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2004). Retail management: A strategic approach (9th ed.) [p. 190]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
15. B
Friendly. Positive customer/client relations are important to the success of the business because they help to create repeat business. Many businesses encourage employees to adopt a friendly, helpful attitude toward customers as part of their efforts to create positive relations. Being reserved could prevent employees from offering appropriate help and might be interpreted as coldness. Being talkative may offend customers or prevent employees from identifying their needs. Being authoritative is only appropriate when providing the customer with technical or factual information.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
16. B
Builds customer loyalty. Employee courtesy at the checkstand reminds customers that the supermarket appreciates their business, which builds customer loyalty to the store. Employee courtesy should not encourage rivalry among front-end employees. Building customer loyalty through courtesy would increase, not decrease, customer patronage. A decrease in employee productivity should not occur as the result of courtesy toward customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 281-282). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
17. A
Summarize benefits. Slow/Methodical customers need to have the salesperson draw out the needed information, to be treated patiently, and to have the benefits of the good/service summarized in order to guide them to a close. The other three approaches are aimed at the domineering/superior type, who need to do most of the talking, be complimented and praised, and allowed to sell themselves on the good/service.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
18. B
Producers and resource owners. Distribution examines how producers and resource owners divide the income that they receive from consumers. Anyone who uses goods and services is a consumer. Producers are individuals who make or provide goods and services to consumers. Resource owners are individuals and organizations who provide human resources, natural resources, or capital goods for use in production. An economizer is someone who strives to obtain the greatest satisfaction from his/her limited resources.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Concept of Economics)
19. B
Themselves. Consumers buy products to benefit themselves. Their purchases may also benefit marketers, producers, and/or retailers—but consumers aim to please themselves.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
20. D
It violates the unity of command principle. The matrix organizational structure violates the unity of command principle by giving employees more than one manager to answer to at a time. It does not make the organization less competitive. It does not lack flexibility. Balancing conflicting organizational objectives is an advantage of the matrix structure.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design)
21. A
Economic. Economic risks are changes in the market that force prices to be lowered, products to change, or even businesses to fail. Changes in the market that may make some products go out of style are a type of economic risk. Natural risks result from such natural causes as floods, tornadoes, fires, lightning, blizzards, and earthquakes. Human risks are caused by human weakness and the unpredictability of employees and/or customers. Incompetence is a form of human risk whereby the employee does not have the skills, knowledge, or attitudes needed to succeed in the position.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
22. A
Businesses; households. The net taxes paid by both are translated by government programs into goods and services for businesses and individuals. Resource markets provide resources to the government and in return receive government expenditures. The product market provides goods and services to the federal government and receives government expenditures as payment.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies(16th ed.) [p. 84]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
23. B
Diminishing returns. The law of diminishing returns states that, at some point, adding more employees does not proportionately increase productivity. Each business operates effectively with a certain number of employees who are able to make the best use of the business's resources. After that point is reached, hiring more employees causes an overabundance of employees in relation to the available resources. The additional employees get in each others' way, which causes an overall decrease in each employee's level of productivity. Negative returns is a stage of production in which businesses usually stop hiring employees. Marginal revenues and variable products are not economic laws.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [p. 395]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
24. C
Exports. Exports are goods and services sold to other countries. Imports are the goods and services that one country purchases from a foreign country. Gross private investments is the value of all capital goods created in the economy during the year and inventories held by businesses from current production. Personal consumption expenditures is the final market value of goods and services purchased for direct consumption by individuals, families, and nonprofit organizations.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: Clayton, G.E. (2005). Economics: Principles & practices (pp. 342-343). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
25. B
Comparative advantage. A country has a comparative advantage when it produces and sells those goods and services for which it will earn the most money, while trading for those which will earn relatively less money. A country has an absolute advantage when it can produce a product for less than another nation can. A trade deficit exists when a nation's imports are greater than its exports. A trade surplus exists when a nation's exports are greater than its imports.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (International Trade)
26. B
Adaptability. This is the ability to be flexible and to change with the times. Friendliness means to display good feelings toward others. Loyalty means giving steady support. Tact is the ability to say the right thing in all circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
27. B
Everyone is unique. There's no reason to draw distinctions between people because everyone is unique. There's no such thing as "normal." Everyone deserves to be treated with kindness and respect. In many cases, discrimination is illegal, but drawing distinctions between people is something that happens on a personal level and can only be controlled by ourselves.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. A
Blaming another person for a communication breakdown. When you accept responsibility for your behavior, you are willing to accept the consequences of your actions. In Cameron's situation, he is blaming another person for a work-related mistake. While Sam may be partially responsible for not communicating the stock outage to Cameron, Cameron did not follow up on the order. If he had followed up on the order, he may have detected that there was a problem. Cameron is not acknowledging his responsibility for the problem, and he is not stating facts on Sam's behalf. Sam may have another view or opinion about the chain of events. There is not enough information provided to determine if Cameron's manager made an inappropriate remark.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to take responsibility for your actions. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/how_4802685_responsibility-actions.html
29. C
Evaluate. Report cards are a form of feedback. In order for teachers to provide students with this feedback, they must first evaluate the students' work and behavior. Their findings are reflected in the grades and comments on the report card. Whether those findings are criticisms or compliments depends upon the students' performance. The results may indicate that the teacher needs to motivate the students to work harder, but motivation is not a part of evaluation.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
30. B
Anticipate. You must be able to anticipate and plan for changes that are likely to occur if you want some control over your future. Avoiding change is not possible. Agonizing over change or waiting for change to occur would not help you to control your future.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Lussier, R.N. (2008). Human relations in organizations: Applications and skill building (7th ed.) [p. 511]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
31. C
Communication. Communication is an exchange of information in which the words and gestures are understood in the same way by both the speaker and the listener. Persuasion is an important part of communication and is something you do almost every time you talk to someone. You want others to understand your message and agree with you. During the process of persuading, you usually try to motivate others to take some kind of action. Education involves learning. Self-control is restraint of your feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
32. B
Flexible. During a negotiation, one person may change strategies one or more times in order to confuse or distract the other person. To remain effective if this situation occurs, a negotiator must be flexible, patient, and aware of the tactics that the other person is using. Effective negotiators try to remain optimistic during a session under all circumstances, not only when the other person changes strategies. An indifferent or uneasy attitude often hinders the negotiating process.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
33. A
Become bored with the work. Burnout is a type of exhaustion that is usually caused by too much stress. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Burnout can occur when employees perform the same tasks over and over again, which causes them to become bored. Ongoing boredom can create a certain type of stress and burnout in some individuals, especially those who thrive on variety and activity. Receiving new work assignments and interacting with coworkers often relieve boredom. Receiving (positive) feedback from managers often motivates employees to improve or continue producing quality work rather than causing them to experience burnout.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Jackson, S.E., Schuler, R.S. (n.d.). Preventing employee burnout. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://selfhelpmagazine.com/article/how-managers-can-prevent-employee-burnout
34. D
Mental ability. A person's mental ability refers to his/her learning and thinking ability. People are born with different levels of mental ability. This ability is difficult to change. Job position is the worker's assigned duties and level of responsibility, which the worker can change by changing jobs or seeking promotions. Language usage is the way the language is used in certain parts of the country. People are able to change the way they speak if they so desire. Education is the amount of learning a person has acquired. Learning is an ongoing process.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work)
35. A
Transfer payment. Income is money received from outside sources. Sources of income include salaries, interest earned, dividends, rent, and transfer payments. Transfer payments are monies paid by the government in which no goods or services are received in exchange, such as welfare benefits, veterans' benefits, disaster aid, and unemployment. To receive transfer payments, individuals, businesses, or jurisdictions must meet certain criteria. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a product, usually from the product's manufacturer. A refund is a sum of money given back to individuals or businesses. Refunds are issued when an excessive amount has been paid (e.g., tax refund) or when items have been returned to a business. Wage garnishments are court-ordered initiatives that involve taking income taken from an employee's salary and submitting it to another person or organization. Examples of garnishments include child support and alimony.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: WebFinance. (2012). Transfer payments. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.investorwords.com/5050/transfer_payments.html
36. D
Add to the cost of the purchase. Using credit can add to the total cost of goods and services. For example, interest, or finance, charges are added to accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. When customers buy products with a credit card, they often pay over a period of time. Then, each month they pay interest on the unpaid balance. The interest charges add to the cost of the purchase. Interest charges do not increase the retail price because customers who pay in cash are not charged interest. Interest usually is calculated monthly rather than yearly. Interest generates profit for the credit-card company rather than the store.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. B
Car payment. Developing a personal budget helps individuals manage their income and expenses. An important consideration in budgeting involves identifying fixed expenses, which are the expenses (cash outflows) that do not fluctuate or change from month to month. Car payments, insurance, and rent are examples of fixed expenses. Groceries, home repairs, and clothing are variable expenses, or expenses that may fluctuate slightly from month to month.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2010). Managing your personal finances (6th ed.) [p. 165]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
38. A
Health insurance. Payroll deductions are monies that an employer withholds from an employee's gross earnings. A large portion of the deductions is the various income taxes, which the employer pays to the government on behalf of the employee. Other deductions might include health insurance premiums, voluntary savings, and child-support payments. Net pay is the amount the employee receives in his/her paycheck after the deductions have been subtracted from the gross earnings. Gross earnings are income before deductions. Overtime hours are the number of hours an employee works over his/her regular schedule. Pay rate is the amount of pay a worker earns at a set interval (e.g., an hour).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., Hughes, R.J., & Hoyt, W.B. (2005). Business and personal finance (pp. 612-613). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. B
Marley and Winston Commercial Bank. Commercial banks provide a variety of financial services for businesses and individuals, such as checking and savings accounts, loans, credit cards, and overdraft protection. Investment banks primarily work with corporations by underwriting securities, aiding in mergers and acquisitions, etc. CPA (Certified Public Accountant) firms provide accounting services. A brokerage firm buys and sells securities on behalf of investors.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: WebFinance. (2012). Commercial bank. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.investorwords.com/955/commercial_bank.html
40. B
Human. The possibility of financial loss in marketing is called risk. Human risks are those risks that result from human weakness and unpredictability. Economic risks are those risks related to changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, a change of product, or even failure of businesses. Natural risks are those that result from natural causes such as fires, floods, etc. Since shoplifting is theft by persons who are not employees of the business, it is not considered an internal risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance in Business)
41. A
Payroll and benefits. Payroll and benefits are often one of the largest sources of money flowing out of a business because businesses must pay employees for their labor. Many businesses also pay for employee benefits, such as health insurance, paid vacation, sick leave, tuition reimbursements, and retirement savings. Businesses bring money in by selling goods and services. Accounts receivable are all the monies owed to a firm by its customers. Profit and loss indicates if the business is making sufficient money to cover its expenses.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
42. C
Finance. This is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. If one of the goals of the business is to expand, then investing funds in expansion is part of the finance process. Depreciation is the reduction in value of goods or assets occurring over a period of time. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Capitalism is an economic system that depends on honest, healthy competition among businesses.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [p. 667]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
43. D
Orient. One of the main sources of printed information that businesses use in order to orient new employees is the company manual. A manual usually contains the information that a new employee needs to know about company benefits, vacation policy, absenteeism, etc. Businesses usually encourage new employees to thoroughly read the company manual because it will answer most of their questions about routine policies. Businesses do not use their company manuals as a source of information to recruit, manage, or select new employees.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Noe, R.A., Hollenbeck, J.R., Gerhart, B., Wright, P.M. (2010). Human resource Management: Gaining a competitive advantage (7th ed.) [pp. 333-334]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
44. D
To increase production. To meet the potential increase in demand, the manufacturer should increase production. An expanding market implies a positive outlook, while laying off employees and dropping product lines are actions taken with negative outlooks. Buying insurance does not indicate an expanding or contracting market.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 235-237). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
45. A
Intranet. An intranet is an organization's private, secure network that allows authorized users to share information while reducing waste of materials, time, and effort. The Internet is a worldwide network of linked computers that allows the transfer of data from one computer to another anywhere in the world. Email (electronic mail) is the basic Internet tool for sending messages to other computer users. An extranet is a private network that companies use to share information with selected people outside the organization.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B.A. (2012). Principles of business (8th ed.) [p. 264]. South-Western, Cengage Learning.
46. C
Primary market research. Concept testing involves exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback. Concept testing is one way to conduct primary market research, which results in obtaining new information specifically for the project at hand. The benefit of conducting primary market research is that it provides information that is relevant to the concept being tested. Other ways to conduct primary market research include analyzing focus groups, evaluating readership, and pretesting.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Lane, W.R., King, K.W., & Russell, J.T. (2005). Kleppner's advertising procedure (16th ed.) [pp. 468-469]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson/Prentice Hall.
47. B
Purpose dictates design. Research purpose and design have a very important relationship. Purpose dictates design. If the design is not appropriate to the purpose, a company can waste a lot of time and money. Both are very necessary ingredients of a research project; one is not more important than the other.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: IM LAP 14—Better By Design (Marketing-Research Designs)
48. B
The larger the sample size, the better. The size of a sample does matter. Generally speaking, the larger the sample size, the better. It leaves less room for error. Marketers decide on sample size after they have defined their target population. Sample size is not more important than sample design.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
49. A
Company sales reports. The data needed for sales volume analyses and market share analyses come from the facts and figures in sales reports. Expense reports let a company know how much money is being spent on employees' food, lodging, travel, etc. Sales invoices don't show sales in relation to goals, budgets, prior time periods, etc. Customer records don't include sales data for the entire company.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: IM LAP 11—Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
50. B
Volume-tracking scanner. A scanner is an electronic device that reads or translates codes that are placed on products and enters the product information into a computer. Scanners are commonly used during a sales transaction, which is the point of purchase. This is a popular method of collecting information about customers' buying habits and inventory status because the scanning system can track large volumes of goods. Once enough data are collected, researchers evaluate the data to determine how fast or slow certain products are moving, which is information they can use to make business decisions. Photographic scanners, e-mail surveys, and statistical surveys are not data-collection methods that researchers use during the point-of-purchase process.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 256-257]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. B
Keyboarding. The most popular technique for entering marketing data into a computer for analysis is keyboarding. The keyboarding technique involves the use of a keyboard that is connected to a computer. An individual types in the information via the keyboard and then saves it to the computer for future use and analysis. Before the data are entered into a computer, they are edited for mistakes. Screening is a method of validating the accuracy of the data. After the data are entered into a computer, researchers are able to tabulate and analyze the information.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 153]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. D
Response error. One of the issues associated with collecting research information is the possibility that some of the information will be incorrect. A participant providing incorrect information is an example of a response error that may affect the accuracy of the research results. There are many reasons why a participant might give an incorrect answer, such as not understanding the question. A participant providing incorrect information on a questionnaire is not an example of a negative answer, a false positive, or a feedback method.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 380]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. A
Assess timeliness. To be useful, research information should be timely and current. If the information is outdated, it might be inaccurate and not helpful in addressing the research problem or issue. As a result, it is important to assess timeliness when collecting research information to make sure it is as current as possible. It is not possible to determine the usefulness and accuracy of research information by organizing a database, calculating frequency, or developing a profile.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. C
The product is expensive. Because money is a limited resource, customers tend to spend more time comparing and evaluating the features and benefits of expensive items before making a decision to buy. Individuals tend to spend more time evaluating options when buying homes, cars, and computers. Businesses tend to spend more time evaluating items such as operating equipment and contract services (e.g., ad agencies and tech support) before making a decision. Customers are less likely to spend a lot of time evaluating perishable items (e.g., food) or things that they need immediately (emergency health care). If a customer has a high level of loyalty to a specific brand, then the customer will spend less time evaluating competitors' products before making a decision to buy.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 145]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
55. D
Potential consumers. A market is composed of individuals who have unfulfilled desires and are willing and able to spend money in order to satisfy those desires. Without knowing the needs of professionals, homeowners, or laborers, it cannot be determined if they are potential consumers.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
56. D
Internal and external. The environmental factors that businesses consider when conducting a situational analysis may be internal as well as external. Internal factors are those within the business itself that have an impact on the business's marketing effort, such as the distribution system or the pricing strategy. External factors are those that exist outside the business and over which the business may have no control, such as the state of the economy or the number of competitors. Businesses examine both types of environmental factors in order to adapt to change and make effective marketing decisions. For example, a business might decide to adjust its prices to remain competitive if the economy is slowing down. Physical and personal, ethical and legal, and formal and informal are not types of environmental factors that businesses consider when conducting a situational analysis.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 43-44]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
57. A
Factual information. Facts contain true data or information. Microsoft has multiple sources of documentation that indicates it generated $51.12 billion in revenue in 2007, which makes the statement a fact. It is important for companies to verify facts when they are making business decisions. Basing decisions on incorrect information can be very costly to a company. Unwarranted criticism is inappropriate, biased, or exaggerated feedback. Inconclusive evidence means that the presented facts do not indicate a distinct or unquestionable outcome of a situation. The amount of money Microsoft generated occurred a few years ago; therefore, the statement does not contain current data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: WiseGEEK.com. (2003-2012). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-the-difference-between-fact-andopinion.htm
58. C
Businesses serve customers more effectively. Managing information appropriately helps businesses focus on the important task of serving customers more effectively which, in turn, may help lead to higher profits, although it is not a guarantee. A business's financial decisions may or may not have to do with serving customers.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
59. D
Multiprocessing. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time. Augmented and hosted are not types of operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia. (2012). Operating system. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
60. D
Dictionary. Many word-processing software programs contain a dictionary, which enables businesses to check the spelling in their documents. The dictionary feature identifies words that are incorrectly spelled and provides several alternatives. This feature helps businesses to prepare accurately-written documents and avoid sending letters or reports to customers that contain misspelled words. Some word-processing software programs include a calculator, which helps businesses with mathematical tabulations. A flowchart is part of spreadsheet software programs. Businesses with Internet capability have access to online encyclopedias.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials [p. 199]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe McGraw-Hill.
61. A
Manage all aspects of the operation. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to manage all aspects of the operation, including planning sales, marketing, etc. For example, businesses can monitor the manufacturing process to track the level of inventory to know when products will be available to ship to customers and then generate invoices. Word processing software is used to develop research reports. Spreadsheet programs are used to prepare routine budgets. These programs, as well as programs that enable businesses to search the Internet, may be combined in an integrated software application package.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 206). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
62. D
Groupware computer. Groupware computer software allows employees to share and access the same information from a variety of locations. The ability to access the same information allows each employee to have the necessary data to complete his/her portion of the project in a timely manner. Using groupware computer applications can increase productivity and efficiency. Businesspeople use presentation software to develop computer-operated visual aids that support an oral presentation. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Data mining is the process of searching computer databases to look for patterns and relationships among information.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 109]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
63. B
Types of products being purchased. Businesses maintain a variety of records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing. These records are usually known as sales records. By analyzing past sales records, businesses can determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not maintain customer sales records that contain information about the discounts offered by manufacturers, the cost of paying commissioned salespeople, or the suppliers that provide the goods.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
64. C
Assurance. This clothing manufacturer is using quality assurance. Quality assurance is a process businesses use to prevent defective products from being created, not just to eliminate or correct them after they've already been produced. Quality inspection is a process businesses use to check for defects after products have been produced. Quality guarantee and quality delivery are not traditional terms used in operations or quality control.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. B
Safety programs. These programs include accident prevention instruction and educational presentations such as safety lectures, slides, films, and booklets. Hiring fewer workers or providing suggestion boxes would not reduce the number of accidents on the job. Surveillance cameras are used to prevent shoplifting.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 407-408]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
66. A
Robbery. Cash drop boxes are built into the floor of the business and cannot be removed or opened by employees. Businesses using drop boxes often attempt to prevent robberies by posting a sign indicating that they use a drop box. Fraud, deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money; burglary, any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft; and pilferage, theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items, are all types of losses that businesses try to prevent.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2012). About retail security. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.ehow.com/about_7217080_retail-security.html
67. D
Prepare a report. When a project has been successfully completed, it's a good idea to have a final meeting. Group members often will have suggestions for improvement that the manager can include in a report. Managers usually prepare some type of brief report that explains the project, what worked, and what didn't work. This is particularly helpful if the project is one that will be completed again. The information in the report will make next year's project much easier to plan and manage. In many cases, there is no front office to close. Managers do not actually give up power or authority. The project they were in charge of is simply over. After the project has been completed, managers often obtain feedback from the group to include in a report.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
68. C
Discussion of specific challenges encountered. After the stakeholders receive the deliverables, the project manager often meets with the team members to discuss what went well and what didn't go well with the project. The team members also discuss how processes could have been improved. The information obtained from the "lessons learned" meeting is summarized in a "lessons learned" document, which can be used by teams that execute similar projects for the organization in the future. The project's purpose and the stakeholders' expectations are explained during the initiation phase of the project. The allocation of resources is determined during the planning phase of the project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management (4th ed.) [pp. 335-336]. New York: Penguin Group.
69. C
Cost of utilities. This is an expense that is part of a business's day-to-day operation. Sales revenue is income coming into the business from sales. The cost of goods is the expense of purchasing the goods. Returns and allowances are refunds or price adjustments given to customers.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Ivancevich, J.M., & Duening, T.N. (2007). Business principles, guidelines, and practices(2nd ed.) [pp. 523-524]. Mason, OH: Thomson.
70. C
It is an ongoing responsibility. Keeping the sales areas of a retail business clean and neat is not a onetime or monthly activity, but an ongoing responsibility. It can include dusting, straightening stock, picking up debris from the floor, getting rid of empty boxes, or any other light housekeeping chores that are needed. It is important to the success of the business for customers to find sales areas as neat and clean as possible.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 407]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
71. B
Saving enough to buy a DVD. A short-term goal is an objective or want that takes less than a year to achieve—normally set for a day, week, or month. Saving money for any purpose, such as purchasing a DVD, is a financial goal. Starting your own business would be a career goal that includes long-term financial goals. Walking a mile every day is a physical goal. Getting a promotion within five years is a long-term career goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go For the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. A
Nontraditionally. To solve problems innovatively, you must be able to break away from traditional, systematic, methodical thought patterns. By no means, however, does this imply that creative thinking should be illogical.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Wallace, H.R., & Masters, L.A. (2006). Personal development for life & work (9th ed.) [pp. 331-333]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. B
Values. In order to develop self-understanding, you should examine your values because they affect everything you are and plan to become. Feelings are the emotional responses (positive or negative) elicited by values, issues are points of interest and/or disagreement, and interests are the things that we are involved with, concerned for, or curious about.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. D
Write N/A in the space. Some questions on job applications do not pertain to all applicants, such as military service. In those cases, the applicants should write N/A, or Not Applicable, indicating that they have read and understood the question, but that it does not pertain to them. Applicants should not leave the space blank because businesses may think that they overlooked the question or did not understand it. It is never appropriate to make up an answer or to purposely ignore a question.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
75. A
References. Many job applicants include the names, positions, and addresses of several people who have agreed to be their references. References are people who can provide information about an applicant's character and qualifications. References often include former teachers and employers and long-time family friends. Companions and associates are terms for people who work, travel, and participate in activities together. Colleagues are coworkers.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [pp. 45-48]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
76. B
National Restaurant Association. Members of the National Restaurant Association all have interests in the field of food service. Merchants' associations and chambers of commerce unite individuals who represent the same geographic region but different areas of marketing. SMEI is a professional organization for sales executives who work in a variety of industries.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. B
Interdependent. Pricing plays a key role in marketing. In fact, it is one of four factors in marketing: product, price, place, and promotion. These factors are interdependent because a change in one of these will change the others. The four factors are not in competition, nor are they unique or unusual. The marketing factors are not equivalent or the same.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
78. A
Consumers have fewer choices. Predatory pricing is the practice of pricing goods extremely low with the goal of driving the competition out of business. If a company forces its competitors out of business, consumers have fewer items from which to choose or fewer places to purchase goods. Predatory pricing practices might leave fewer choices for consumers, but they do not necessarily lead to higher property taxes. Small companies are often the businesses that are most affected by predatory pricing.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [p. 364]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
79. A
Business risk. A company that spreads its business risk over several products is in a much better position than a company that relies on one or two products for its income. If one of those products fails, and no replacement products have been planned, the company may be in serious trouble. Product/service management is supposed to increase profits, sales, and financial success rather than decrease them.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. A
Mass customization. Computerization and the technology of mass production have created the method of mass customization which allows businesses to produce customized products for one customer or only a very few customers. Businesses that use a mass-customization method can produce large quantities of one product in many different varieties. This method allows businesses to meet the individual needs of many customers by making variations of one product. Automatic production, computerized robotics, and intermittent conversion are not methods that allow businesses to produce products that are specialized for a very few customers.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices(5th ed.) [p. 220]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. D
Using tamper-resistant packaging. Many businesses produce products that might be harmful to consumers if the products are tampered with or become contaminated. To protect consumers, businesses often use tamper-resistant packaging which makes it extremely difficult for someone to get to the product without damaging the packaging. As a result, customers are able to easily determine if this type of packaging has been tampered with, which warns them not to buy the products. Using tamperresistant packaging is an ethical procedure that businesses follow in an effort to protect their products and ensure the safety of their customers. Products usually are not wrapped in plain paper. Placing informative commercials on television and explaining the new manufacturing process are not ways of protecting consumers.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 661-663). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
82. D
Product opportunities. A product opportunity occurs when a favorable circumstance to market a product exists. Entrepreneurs uncover these circumstances by being attentive, watching trends, and pinpointing problems. Financial strategies are plans of action for achieving financial goals. An intangible goal is an objective or desired outcome that cannot be detected through the senses. True motives are the real reasons for taking a certain course of action.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 279-280). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
83. B
Forced analogies. A forced analogy is a synectics technique that compares a problem with something totally unrelated. Arbitrary metaphors, discretionary comparisons, and deliberate allegories are not terms widely used to describe a synectics creative-thinking method.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Idea Generation)
84. C
Make product improvements. Businesses receive benefits from offering warranties and guarantees. One benefit is getting feedback from customers about unsatisfactory products. Without this feedback, the company would not be able to make corrections and improvements in its products. Companies do not use information about problems with products to select promotional media, hire employees, or modify brand values.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
85. C
Precautions when using the product. Labels for nonhazardous products should list all ingredients, any additives or preservatives the product contains, fiber content, acceptable uses, unacceptable uses, or proper circumstances for use. On the other hand, producers of hazardous products can use the product label to warn consumers of any dangers involved in using the product and tell them what precautions to take. For example, the makers of a drain cleaner print a poison "death's head" on the label and tell consumers how to protect themselves when using the cleaner. All label information should be accurate and as easy to understand as possible.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 664-667). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
86. A
Personality. Just as with a person, the brand has an essence, or a personality, that embodies what it is, what it stands for, and how it behaves. Brand equity is customers' goodwill that accumulates over time, while brand identity consists of a brand's representations, including a name, logo, and possibly, a trade character. A logo is a brand symbol—that part of its identity that cannot be spoken.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (The Nature of Branding)
87. B
Promotion. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas. It is used by businesses to inform consumers about products and to persuade them to buy. Distribution is the marketing function that is responsible for moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Purchasing is a business activity which involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the operation of a business or for resale. Financing is a business activity which involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Promotion)
88. A
Use drugs they do not need. Advertising prescription drugs is often a controversial topic. Those who feel it is ethical to advertise drugs believe that the ads are simply providing information. Those who feel that this type of advertising might be unethical believe that it persuades customers to ask their doctors for drugs they do not need. If customers see ads for certain drugs, they may decide they would like to try them. Oftentimes, doctors will write prescriptions for patients if they are persistent, even if the doctors don't think the drugs are necessary. Also, promoting name-brand prescription drugs encourages customers to ask for them rather than comparable generic drugs that are less expensive. Customers usually are unable to buy drugs they cannot afford. Prescription drugs usually must be purchased from a licensed pharmacy rather than from the manufacturer. Persuading customers to order inexpensive drugs is not an ethical issue.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: NGP. (2012). Pharmaceutical marketing: Just what the doctor ordered? Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://www.ngpharma.com/article/Pharmaceutical-marketing-just-what-the-doctorordered/
89. A
Electronic mail. Electronic mail (e-mail) refers to the electronic transmission of messages across computer networks. Businesses often use electronic mail to send promotional messages to customers or potential customers in a cost-efficient manner. Encryption card, interactive banner, and exclusive kiosk are not technological terms that are commonly used to describe a means of sending promotional messages.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 503-504]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
90. B
Suburban newspapers. Newspapers are the main advertising media for supermarkets. Suburban newspapers are intended for audiences within a certain geographic area. These newspapers contain articles that appeal to customers who live in that area and attract advertisers who want to reach that specific market. A statewide chain of supermarkets might choose to advertise in suburban newspapers in order to reach a large number of potential customers who live in the area that the chain services. Transit advertising serves certain city areas and would not reach customers in the chain's entire area. Regional magazines and national television would reach customers far beyond the chain's geographic area.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
91. B
Providing information to activists to share with others. Word-of-mouth promotion involves customers who tell others about their satisfaction with the business. Amplified word-of-mouth promotion involves the use of proactive efforts (campaigns) in which the business provides specific information to customers (activists) to pass along to their friends, family, and business contacts. On the other hand, organic wordof-mouth promotion occurs naturally. Because customers are satisfied with the business and its products, they tell others about this satisfaction in the course of normal conversation. For example, if a business shows a sincere interest in the customer by asking for feedback, taking actions to ensure customer loyalty, or improving products, the customer is likely to share those positive experiences with others.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Digital Vibes. (2008, June 1). Word of mouth: Organic or amplified. Retrieved August 9, 2012, from http://digitalvibes.wordpress.com/2008/06/01/word-of-mouth-101-organic-vsamplified/
92. A
Newsletters, annual reports, and the company's web site. Public relations involves establishing good relationships between the business and the public. A business tries to maintain positive relationships with different groups that make up the public, such as employees, local businesses, government officials, the media, and the business's shareholders. Because the shareholders are the owners of the company, it is important to develop and maintain positive relationships with them. The public-relations department does this by communicating with them through newsletters, annual reports, the company's web site, and online social networks. Print advertisements and commercials are forms of nonpersonal advertising. Businesses use press releases and news conferences to convey information to the media. Policy manuals help guide employees' actions on the job. Consumer blogs can be developed by anyone to communicate positive and negative information about various goods and services. A sponsorship is a partnership in which a company pays a fee to affiliate itself with a team, league, or event.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices(5th ed.) [pp. 432-435]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
93. A
The media. The media are the message channels used by a seller to promote a good, service, or ideas, e.g., radio, television, newspapers, magazines, Internet, etc. Businesses often use the media to disseminate positive information about themselves and their employees to external audiences in order to establish good relations with those audiences. For example, businesses might prepare press releases or hold press conferences so the media will publicize the information and inform external audiences. A marketing-research firm conducts marketing research for clients. A creative writer puts the information in a written format but does not disseminate it. An infomercial is a lengthy commercial that looks like a television program.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 356-357]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
94. B
Holding product demonstrations. A trade show is an event where businesses communicate information about products to build sales leads and interest. Trade-show participation is a way for businesses to communicate with the individuals or businesses most likely to buy the business's products. When a business's salesperson demonstrates the product, trade-show attendees see the product's attributes and how it works. In some demonstrations, the show attendees often have an opportunity to try the product themselves. Businesses send direct mail to their customers' homes and businesses. A billboard is a form of outdoor advertising. Direct mail and billboards are not the most appropriate ways to communicate at a trade show. A contest is a sales promotion activity that offers a prize or award. Holding a contest, rather than developing one, is a good way to draw attendees to a trade-show booth, so the business can communicate information about its products.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 579]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
95. B
Coordinated. Advertising and display should work together and have a common theme in order to do an effective job of selling the business's products. Such coordination results in a comprehensive promotional approach, rather than a disjointed one that would result from independent, contradictory, or competitive efforts.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
96. A
Constantly providing new choices for consumers. There is much competition between businesses, which leads to increased competition to produce better products. Businesses need to develop new or improved products in order to make more sales than their competitors. A company that raises or lowers the prices of existing products may make temporary sales gains, but only a company that provides choices based on the needs of its consumers will enjoy a long-term sales increase. Elimination of a slow-selling product line may not increase sales for a business.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
97. D
Selling. Selling policies are general rules established by management to guide the personal selling effort and outline how things must be done. Salespeople may encounter problems when they are not knowledgeable of their company's selling policies, and are unable to explain them to potential customers. Salespeople may risk losing a sale if they are unable to explain policies about issues such as credit terms and delivery service. Operating policies regulate the actual running of a business. Employee policies are guidelines explaining how employees are to act and how they are to deal with customers. Purchasing policies are guidelines that direct purchasing decisions.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B.A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 251-252, 262]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
98. D
What is the right thing to do? With a high level of selling ethics, you would typically ask, "What is the right thing to do?" You would not consider what you could get away with, and you would not do only what is required. Although you might consider someone else's advice, the right thing to do may be different from that advice.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Selling Ethics)
99. D
Smartphone. Smartphones, such as Blackberries and iPhones, are mobile devices that salespeople can use to make telephone calls, access the Internet, manage contacts, schedule appointments, and send wireless faxes while calling on customers. Smartphones also contain digital cameras, which are often useful when salespeople must take photographs of goods or spaces that require customized products. Because smartphones have many applications and are small enough to fit into a coat pocket, salespeople no longer need to carry around laptops, personal data assistants, etc. Pagers have capabilities such as telephone message notification and e-mail, but do not have the same capabilities as smartphones. A kiosk is a stand-alone structure placed in public places that is designed to provide information and sell products. Micro kiosks are smaller and more compact than traditional kiosks. A router is a device that intercepts and forwards signals on a computer network, allowing users to obtain wireless Internet access.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N, LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2008). Professional selling: A trust-based approach (4th ed.) [pp. 277-278]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
100. B
Affiliation. By understanding peoples' needs and the factors that motivate them to buy, a salesperson is in a better position to help his/her customers make appropriate purchasing decisions. Many theories exist that try to explain peoples' needs and the factors that motivate them to behave in certain ways. The Acquired Needs Theory places needs into three categories—achievement, power, and affiliation. The Acquired Needs Theory suggests that one of the three needs tends to be dominant in an individual, and the dominant needs guide or motivate the person's behavior. A person's self-esteem and her/his desire for advancement and enrichment are possible factors that affect the individual's level of need for achievement, power, and affiliation.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2009). Essentials of management: Instructor's edition (8th ed.) [p. 377]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
Test 1076
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Contract. Contracts are agreements among two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. If one business promises to do something for another business in return for receiving compensation, the two businesses have a contract. Then, the businesses are obligated to fulfill their part of the contract. In most cases, contracts benefit both parties, although promising to do something in return for receiving compensation is not necessarily a benefit. Treaties are trade agreements among two or more countries. An enterprise is another term for a business.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Providing notice. Due process is the concept that the government must respect all of the legal rights that are owed to individuals and businesses according to the law of the land. Legal procedure refers to the methods and processes that are used to protect an individual's or business's legal rights. In many societies, these rights include the right to be notified of accusation or lawsuit (providing notice), the right to obtain legal counsel, the right to be heard in court, the right to confront the accuser, etc. Obtaining witnesses is a pretrial activity. Awarding damages is a possible remedy or outcome of civil litigation. Due process involves presenting evidence, not creating it.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 199-200]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. C
Risk. Channels of distribution allow channel members to share risk. Moving products through a channel requires financing and includes an inherent financial risk. Channel members do not share profits, equipment, or employees.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. B
Retailer. A retailer is a business that buys goods and sells them to the final consumer. Wholesalers are intermediaries who buy goods from producers or agents and resell them to other businesses. Agents are intermediaries who assist in the sale of goods but do not take title to them. Producers are growers, providers, or manufacturers of goods and services.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. A
Box or container. Radio frequency identification (RFID) involves storing an order's product information on a computer chip and then attaching it to the shipment's box, container, or pallet. When a shipment arrives at a business, warehouse personnel use computer scanners to receive the items quickly, which increases efficiency. The computer chip is not attached to the delivery truck's antenna, the customer's inventory report, or the receiving dock.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 360]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
6. A
Coordinate a regional advertising campaign. Channel members are all of the businesses and individuals that assist in moving goods and services from the producer to the consumer. In many situations, producers will assist other channel members (e.g., dealers, distributors, retailers) in sales promotions. One way to assist channel members planning a sales promotion in a certain area is by providing resources (e.g., money, product samples) to develop an advertising campaign. The goal of the advertising campaign is to communicate information about the sales promotion to consumers in order to stimulate interest and sales. The producer may provide assistance by developing new products and identifying market trends, but these activities do not relate to a specific sales promotion. An accounting system refers to the methods and procedures a business uses in handling its financial information.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [p. 117]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
7. D
Strong leadership. A channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to manage or avoid conflict because the leadership has the power to assign specific responsibilities to each channel member. Strong leadership has the authority to set goals for the entire channel and demand cooperation, which reduces the possibility of conflict. When a channel has strong leadership, channel members work for the good of the channel rather than for their individual goals. A channel of distribution does not need updated technology or limited competition to manage or avoid conflict within the channel. Equal authority might create conflict because there is no clear leader who has power and control over the channel.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2004). Contemporary marketing (11th ed.) [pp. 444-445]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
8. A
Precise speech. Precise speech involves choosing the words that most accurately communicate what you want to say. This makes your communication effective because it has clarity, and the listener will be most likely to receive the message you want to transmit. Effective verbal communication should also be tactful and should not include slang.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 76-77]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. C
Supporting ideas with research. Ideas that are research-based are more easily accepted than those that are not. Primary information is new information collected for the issue at hand. DiAnn is collecting secondary information, which involves obtaining information that has already been collected by others. The research does not create alternative ideas. It is meant to add validation to the original idea. Clarifying an idea involves explaining it in more detail.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leitch, M. (2006, February 15). Giving ideas. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://www.internalcontrolsdesign.co.uk/advice/index.html#all
10. A
Offer to schedule a second call. In some situations, you will call an important customer at a time when the customer is busy or in a hurry and is unable to speak to you. Then, it is appropriate to offer to schedule a second call at a time that will be convenient for the customer. You should not try to continue the conversation or explain that the call will be short if the customer indicates that this is a bad time. It is your responsibility to return the call rather than ask the customer to call you.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 45]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. D
Written. Written communication involves putting ideas, thoughts, and agreements into words and writing those words in a document or letter. Written communication is often considered to be formal because a copy of the information exists which indicates that all parties involved received the same message. Businesses often use formal written communication in order to document important transactions and preserve the information for future reference. Verbal communication involves speaking. Lateral communication is between people on the same level. Upward communication is from employees to supervisors or managers.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 282-303]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. C
Are often seen by people other than the recipients. When writing e-mail messages to customers and coworkers, the correspondence should address various business issues; therefore, writers should develop the messages using a concise, friendly, and businesslike tone. If the writer uses language that is very casual, personal, or questionable, there is a risk of offending the recipient or others to whom the recipient forwards the message. Because many businesses have e-mail policies and can monitor the contents of e-mail messages going into and out of their companies, e-mail writers should take care not to send inappropriate messages. Business e-mail messages do not need to be entertaining or informal, nor do they need to include graphics. Many businesspeople save important e-mail messages and flag them for follow-up at a later time.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 183-186]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. D
Makes the product appealing. Persuasive messages usually are intended to encourage someone to do something. In the case of a sales message, the goal usually is to persuade a customer to buy a product. In order to do this, the message should make the product appealing to the customer so the customer will understand the benefit of buying and want to buy. The sales message should persuade the customer to spend money. Persuasive sales messages are not intended to simply remind the customer of the product or discredit the competition. Persuasive messages should not use loaded language, which is often biased and stereotypical.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Lehman, C. & DuFrene, D. (2005). Business communication (14th ed.) [pp. 290-291]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
14. C
Being efficient. Being efficient demonstrates the customer-service mindset. Specifically, this means knowing how to operate equipment and software, becoming familiar with all the products the business offers, and keeping work spaces organized for action. Being accurate is demonstrated through doublechecking work for accuracy. Following-through means always doing what you say you're going to do. Following-up with customers suggests to customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [pp. 622-623]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
15. C
Help them along by not overwhelming them. Helping them along by not overwhelming them is the best way to deal with slow/methodical customers. Be patient. Mirror their methodical behavior. They will come around when they trust your good intentions. Avoiding jumping to quick conclusions is the best way to deal with dishonest customers. Letting them have their say is the best way to deal with domineering/superior customers. Serving non-emotionally is the best way to deal with insulting customers.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 3 Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
16. D
People. Human resources, people, are the most important economic resource because they combine the other resources to produce goods and services. Without the work of people, land would not be used to grow crops, roads would not be built, and equipment would not be used to manufacture goods. Minerals and energy are natural resources. Equipment is capital goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. C
The earth has certain boundaries. Currently, the earth provides most of our natural resources. As the population of the world increases, there will be more and more people living within those boundaries and demanding more resources. Therefore, there will be fewer resources per person. Lack of training and technology advancing faster than training are reasons for limited human resources. Natural resources are found in nature, rather than being manufactured.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 32-33). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
18. A
Freedom of competition. In a market economy, businesses are free to compete with each other for labor and for customers. The government taxes the profits made by businesses and the money earned by workers in order to provide services to the people. The role of the government in our economy is limited to protecting private property, ensuring competition, and preserving law and order. Workers are free to choose the type of work they want and are limited only by their own abilities and finances.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (Private Enterprise)
19. B
Increased interdependency. Increased interdependency means workers need to rely on each other. It is a disadvantage of specialization. All of the other alternatives are advantages of specialization. Production rates increase because the speed with which workers perform their specific tasks increases. Workers become highly skilled as job tasks are performed repeatedly, and this results in increased efficiency. Training of workers is simplified due to the limited nature of the tasks to be performed.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Murray, J.L. (n.d.). Three types of interdependence in an organizational structure. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-interdependenceorganizational-structure-1764.html
20. C
Indicates positive and negative trends. Price stability means that price levels remain fairly constant. When prices are stable, they do not drastically fluctuate up or down. Price stability is one way to measure the condition of a country's economy. If prices are stable (a positive trend), the economy is also stable. Large upswings or downswings in prices (negative trend) indicate that the economy is not stable. When the trend is negative, governments take steps to correct the problem. The concept of price stability does not reflect the rise in wages and benefits, does not match the effects with the causes, and does not compare revenues with expenses.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: McConnell, C.R., & Brue, S.L. (2005). Economics: Principles, problems, and policies (16th ed.) [pp. 8-9]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
21. C
High unemployment. The peak phase of a business cycle is considered the high point of economic activity. It is characterized by high dividends, high production, high prices, high interest rates, and high employment. High unemployment is characteristic of the trough phase of a business cycle.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 64-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Dependable. A dependable person is one who can be relied upon to do what s/he is supposed to do. Dependable employees comply with such rules as coming to work at a certain time every day. An independent person is self-reliant and likes to be in charge of his/her own life. A creative person is imaginative and able to come up with original ideas. An honest person tells the truth and behaves in a straightforward manner.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9 You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
23. A
Apologizing and giving the right answer. A responsible person acknowledges his/her mistakes as soon as s/he is aware of them and then corrects them whenever possible. Since an incorrect answer may have caused a problem for the other employee, an apology is also in order. Letting the other employee figure out that the answer was incorrect, pretending that the right answer was given, and refusing to answer questions in the future are examples of irresponsible behavior.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
24. B
Personal information. Many businesses gather personal information about their customers that they store in a database. This might include information about a customer's credit rating, financial status, education, etc. Such information should be available only to employees who need to know it in order to do their jobs. Businesses should limit the number of employees who have access to customers' personal information in order to protect the privacy of their customers and prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining and using this information. A customer's telephone number, purchasing history, and identification code are types of routine business information that usually are not considered to be private.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 172]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
25. D
"Thanks anyway; maybe another time." This is an appropriate response because it expresses your thanks for their response and lets them know you understand and will ask them again. Reminding coworkers that you had helped them earlier is attempting to make them feel guilty, which they will probably resent. Saying that you won't bother them again indicates you are offended by their refusal. Saying you don't know how you'll get done (without help) is whining, which is a very negative habit that annoys other people.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
26. B
Permanent results. Good visions have permanent results. They are something that other people can carry on for many years even if the person who had the vision is not around. Examples include the right to vote, equal rights, and vaccines for diseases. Visions are abstract rather than concrete. Visions should be simple enough that anyone can understand rather than overly complicated. Some visions are expensive to turn into reality but are worth the price; however, some visions may not justify the price.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11 Picture This!
27. D
Themselves. Achievement-oriented people rely on themselves to set the standards for their work. They don't allow others to set the standards for them.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: EI LAP 10 High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
28. C
Persuasive. Business managers who want to lead change in the company need to have certain characteristics to be effective. They should be persuasive which means they have the ability to get people to see things their way, do things their way, or agree with them. Change doesn't just happen on its own. Change leaders need the involvement and help of many different people. Effective change leaders are able to persuade the right people to go along with them and help make the change happen. A manager who wants to lead change does not need to be emotional, forceful, or conservative.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: QS LAP 23 20/20 Foresight
29. D
Dividends. Individuals and businesses acquire income in many ways. Dividends are earnings that are paid to investors or stockholders for their investments. When Pedro purchased shares of Tabor stock, he became an owner of the company. As an owner of the company, Pedro has the opportunity to earn a percentage of the company's profits, which are paid to him in the form of dividends. Wages are the income that workers earn for the work that they perform. Interest is the reward or cost of lending or borrowing money, usually figured as a percentage of the amount borrowed. An inheritance is the assets (e.g., property, goods, money) that a person leaves to others upon his/her death.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 447-448]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
30. C
Impulsive spending. Choosing to buy an item at the check-out counter is a classic example of impulsive spending. Poor use of credit may or may not be involved. Choosing not to buy the item would illustrate financial control and would be a good example of smart shopping.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up
31. A
Return. Investors are willing to take a risk for the potential of return (reward or benefit they might receive). The return is what the investment can potentially earn for the investor. Prizes are awarded to players in sweepstakes contests. Bonuses are added to employees' paychecks. And, recognition is positive attention for extraordinary achievements. Prizes, bonuses, and recognition do not provide the motivation for investing.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32 Risky Business?
32. C
Natural. Natural risks are chances of loss which result from natural causes. These are natural phenomena occurring outside anyone's control. Economic risks are chances of loss due to changes in the market that force a lowering of prices, change of products, or even failure of businesses. Human risks are chances of loss caused by human weakness and unpredictability. Marketing is not a classification of risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
33. A
The profit-and-loss statement. This income statement reports total revenue and expenses for a specific period of time. A balance sheet identifies a business's assets, liabilities, and capital on a given date. The difference between total sales and cost of goods sold is the gross profit. The cost of goods sold is the purchase price of the goods that were sold.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. C
Growing in value. When return on capital is positive, the company is growing in value. When return on capital is negative, the company is losing value. A high return on capital would not indicate that a company is low on cash. Businesses can have a high return on capital but not pay out dividends.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
35. D
Communicate it to all employees. To make sure their budgets are effective, businesses should communicate them to all employees. Even the best, most accurate budget is ineffective if no one sees it. Effective budgets are those that have been clearly communicated to all employees, so that each person in the company is aware of his/her effect on the company's profits. All employees should receive this information, not just top managers. Businesses usually send annual financial statements rather than budget information to their stockholders. Specific budget information usually is not posted on company bulletin boards.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3 Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. C
Screening. In the human-resources function, screening involves "weeding out" the applicants that do not meet minimum requirements for the job or have not satisfactorily completed the application. On-boarding activities are human-resources tasks that must be performed when a new employee joins the company (e.g., orientation and paperwork). Prospecting is a sales activity that involves identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product. Negotiating is the process of influencing someone to take a certain course of action in order to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
37. B
Monitor the competition. Information about competitors' activities is very important to a business. An important responsibility of a marketing-information management system is to gather and analyze such data as improvements planned for competitive products, new products that are being introduced, or the competition's market share. Comparing warehouse procedures, analyzing promotional methods, and improving stock control are other functions of a marketing-information management system not related to monitoring the competition.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2 Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
38. A
Offering a free product in exchange for personal data. Certain ways of obtaining marketing information may be considered unethical even though they are legal. An example is offering free products in exchange for personal data. Consumers may be persuaded to provide information that they normally would not provide simply because the offer is so tempting, or they need the product being offered. Furthermore, consumers have no guarantee that the business will keep the personal data confidential. In some cases, businesses try to obtain this information in order to sell it to others. Most businesses follow ethical procedures when obtaining marketing information about consumers. These procedures might include conducting a random survey, sending questionnaires to a specific audience, and developing a scientific experiment.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Aaker, D.A., Kumar, V., & Day, G.S. (2007). Marketing research (9th ed.) [pp. 20-23]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
39. D
Already exist. Secondary research is cost-effective for marketers because the data already exist. The organization does not need to pay the costs of undertaking original research. Secondary data are not necessarily cheap to purchase, nor are they specific to the research project at hand. Secondary data may be incomplete; however, this is not a reason that secondary research is cost-effective.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: IM LAP 15 What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
40. A
Make little financial sense. Managers should avoid marketing-research projects that make little financial sense in other words, the costs of conducting the research don't outweigh the potential benefits. Even if a marketing-research project gives unfavorable results, managers can still use the information to make the best decisions and strategies for the company. It shouldn't make a difference if a marketing-research study takes a long time to complete or involves new products it can still be useful.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 13 What's the Problem? (Marketing-Research Problems)
41. D
Qualitative. The results of exploratory research are often qualitative, or based on thoughts, opinions, or feelings. They are not necessarily specific. They are usually not quantitative, or measurable. They are usable for generating hypotheses or familiarizing marketers with the problem at hand.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: IM LAP 14 Better By Design (Marketing-Research Designs)
42. C
Their target population. Marketers draw samples from their target population, or the specific group of individuals or units they are studying. The target population may or may not include media stories, current and former employees, or groups of university students.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16 Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
43. B
Level of agreement. The Likert scale measures the respondents' level of agreement with a statement. For example, a questionaire might contain the statement, "The PTR Company consistently provides excellent customer service." The response options might include phrases such as strongly agree, agree, no opinion, disagree, and strongly disagree. The respondents select the option that corresponds to their feelings. Marketing researchers do not use the Likert scale to measure the respondents' knowledge, specific beliefs, or levels of intuitiveness.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Aaker, D.A., Kumar, V., & Day, G.S. (2007). Marketing research (9th ed.) [p. 297]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
44. A
Reading annual reports. Businesses often monitor their competitors' activities in order to make marketing decisions that will help them to stay competitive. Businesses can obtain valuable information by reading their competitors' annual reports that often list major customers and describe successful promotional activities. Annual reports also include information about profitability, sales volume, new product development, and expansion. Businesses can use this information to develop similar products or to expand their sales area. Economic factors involve the state of the local economy. Regional data include geographic and demographic information about the area. Buying motives are the reasons or benefits that cause people to make purchases to satisfy wants and needs.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 742). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. B
Customer survey. Primary marketing research is information that a business obtains for a specific purpose. Businesses use many techniques to obtain primary data, such as observation, interviews, and surveys. Surveys contain questions about the information the business wants to obtain. For example, a business might distribute a survey to its customers when it wants to find out what the customers think of the business's goods and services. Census data, trade-journal articles, and external reports are forms of secondary research.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 614-615). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
46. A
Toward the end of the interview. By asking potentially sensitive questions toward the end of an interview, the researcher can avoid having the participant cut off the interview before important information can be collected. By asking the questions at the beginning, in the middle, or throughout the interview, the researcher risks prematurely ended interviews.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Agriculture and Consumer Protection. (n.d.). Chapter 4: Questionnaire design. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://www.fao.org/docrep/W3241E/w3241e05.htm
47. C
Code for evaluation. Businesses assign codes to survey responses in an effort to use the information in a numerical mode. Open-ended questions are designed so that respondents react to questions in a manner that requires more than "yes" or "no" as an answer. Because possible responses are not controlled or limited, coding is often more difficult. If businesses are not able to assign codes to the responses, the survey results may be extremely difficult to evaluate. The results of surveys that contain open-ended questions are not difficult to store for future use, to enter into a database, or to distribute to management.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Aaker, D.A., Kumar, V., & Day, G.S. (2007). Marketing research (9th ed.) [p. 433]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
48. C
Conducting exploratory research. Exploratory research is marketing research that collects information to help the business define its issue, situation, or concern and decide which direction to go in order to address it. Surveys that consist of open-ended questions require respondents to provide more than a "yes" or "no" answer. An open-ended question is a type of unstructured question that allows a respondent the opportunity to express opinions, state issues, and provide ideas. By obtaining this type of in-depth, qualitative information, the researcher may be able to define the problem and determine in which direction to proceed with the research. Long and technical surveys tend to overwhelm the respondents; so open-ended questions may not be answered fully, if at all. The use of open-ended questions yields subjective responses.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 81-82]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. A
Pertains directly to the issue. Internal information is information located inside the company. One of the strengths of using internal information is that it often pertains directly to the issue. For example, if the issue is the popularity of a specific product, current sales and inventory data can provide information about how well that product is selling. Internal information often is not available to outside users. Although the information might relate to industry problems, that is not one of its strengths. Internal information may, or may not, be organized by department.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 612-614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. C
Customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction is a measure of how well your business or product meets or exceeds customer expectations; in other words, how happy is the customer? It may be one type of customer attitude. Customer loyalty is a customer's preference for a business; in other words, how often does the customer purchase the business's goods or services? It is observed in customers' behavior.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
51. C
Redesign. Marketing strategies are influenced by many factors not within the direct control of the business. These include the actions of competitors, the influences of governmental agencies, and changes in consumer attitudes. When any of these factors change, the business may need to change, or redesign, its marketing strategies in order to continue to meet company goals. The strategies should already have been identified and implemented in an established business. The business may publicize its goals or its achievements but would probably not publicize the strategies used to achieve those ends.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. B
How often a person attends the opera. This example is determining the frequency with which a product is being used. It is the only example of product usage. A person's heritage and age are demographic characteristics. The activities in which a person participates is an example of psychographic segmentation.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. B
To ward off problems. Businesses conduct situational analyses to obtain information about changes or trends that are beginning to develop in the environment or marketplace. This procedure allows businesses to identify changes at an early stage and ward off potential problems. It is important for businesses to understand changes in their external environment in order to adapt and avoid problems. Without this information, businesses may be unprepared to deal with problems that might cause them to lose their competitiveness or even fail. A business would not conduct a situational analysis to identify customers, forecast expenses, or redesign products. However, a business might redesign products after conducting a situational analysis and finding that they were losing their appeal in the marketplace.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 564]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin
54. C
Access a database. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. Most businesses maintain a database of information that is relevant to the business, such as lists of customers and vendors, inventory levels, prices of materials, etc. When businesses need information, they access the database to obtain the data efficiently. For example, a business could access a database to find out how many customers in a certain area purchased a specific product during a specified time period. Scheduling an interview, reading a book, and contacting a competitor are not ways for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
55. C
Key points. Employees use presentation software to develop computer-operated visual aids that support an oral presentation. Slides for the presentation should include key points that highlight or reinforce the most important information, which may or may not include numerical data. Colorful graphics and creative transitions often make a presentation more interesting, but they are not necessary elements for each slide.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 537]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
56. D
Who will be responsible for record keeping. The phases of record keeping include getting started, implementing the process, and monitoring/adjusting the process. At the "how to keep them" point (in the "getting started" phase of record keeping), the business must set policies and practices, deciding whether or not the records should be kept digitally and who should be responsible for creating, maintaining, and destroying the records. Where competitors keep their records is not an issue in a firm's own record keeping. Employees may or may not dislike record keeping. No client should be excluded from the records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
57. D
Migration. Migration is a population trend that indicates movement of people throughout the country as well as into and out of the country. Migration trends are important to businesses because businesses need to know where their customers are located. For example, many people are leaving colder climates and migrating to what is considered the Sunbelt. This movement affects businesses because the types of products they sell and the way they sell them will change. Also, the increased migration of ethnic groups into the country creates a need for new goods and services that meet the needs of a multicultural population. Lifestyle, consumption, and behavior are not population trends; however, these factors also affect how businesses market their goods and services.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: OECD. (2004, January 21). Trends in international migration reflect increasing labour-related immigration and persistent integration problems. Retrieved August 13, 2009, from http://www.oecd.org/document/50/0,2340,en_2649_201185_24968882_1_1_1_1,00.html
58. C
Internal records. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Businesses monitor their activities on an internal basis. Trade publications, industry trends, and government statistics are examples of external data.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
59. C
It consists of your surroundings. The term "environment" refers to your surroundings. This could mean anything your living room, a classroom, the mall, etc. Although the term is often used to refer to the earth and its resources, its true meaning is much broader. Your environment has an effect on your performance and your decisions. Businesses exist within environments just as individuals do.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
60. D
Quality. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service how good it is. Quality is an ethical issue that might affect the operations function because businesses decide the quality of the products they provide. For example, a business might decide to use low-quality materials to make products that are of low quality. Also, the business might decide to cut corners in the production process to save money. The result is low-quality products. However, it is unethical if the business does not make it clear to customers that the products are of low quality and may not be durable. Utility is usefulness. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 293-295]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
61. A
False, employees can be trained in accident prevention. While it is true that machines can't be prevented from malfunctioning and employees are always going to make mistakes, workers can be trained to use safe work habits, to report hazards and unsafe conditions, and to be ready to handle accidents that do occur.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Spears, M.C., & Gregoire, M.B. (2004). Foodservice organizations: A managerial and systems approach (5th ed.) [pp. 320-323]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
62. C
Computer systems. Company information is a type of intangible property that most businesses want to protect. Today, most of this information is stored on internal computer networks or systems. As a result, businesses establish rules to control access to computer systems to protect confidential or sensitive company information from being stolen or destroyed. Employees are expected to follow the rules, such as regularly changing passwords or not opening suspicious e-mails, to help protect the information. Protecting company information and intangibles does not involve following the rules established to control access to inventory methods, cash registers, or storage facilities. The inventory kept in storage facilities and the money in cash registers are tangibles rather than intangibles.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 722). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. A
Production. Production is the creation of goods or services from economic resources. Promotion communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Purchasing involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain products for use in the operation of a business. Distribution is responsible for moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
64. D
Reduce operating expenses. Operating expenses, or overhead expenses, are the amounts of money a business pays out in order to produce and/or sell its goods and services. Since operating expenses include salaries and wages, as well as equipment, eliminating free services would reduce operating expenses. The business would save the costs of delivery vans/trucks, the expense of packing for delivery, and the wages paid to delivery personnel. This would not control inventory shrinkage which is caused by employee theft and shoplifting. It would be likely to decrease customer satisfaction and to make the business less competitive if its competitors do offer free delivery.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 325-330]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
65. A
Protect the health of customers/clients. Public restrooms are a breeding ground for fungi, bacteria, and germs that are harmful to people. Regular, thorough cleaning helps to keep these elements under control and to protect the health of all who use the restrooms. Keeping restrooms clean does make them look better, helps to preserve the fixtures, and may create a good image. However, none of these reasons is as important as sanitation.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: CanadianCentre for Occupational Health & Safety. (2008, June 23). Workplace housekeeping—Basic guide. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://www.ccohs.ca/oshanswers/hsprograms/house.html
66. A
Select. The first step in achieving goals is to choose one that is meaningful to you. You may want to start with a single goal or a set of goals. Before you can reach a goal, you must have a clear idea of your goal from the beginning in order to achieve it. To complete or to fulfill a goal is to achieve it. It is not necessary to adjust an appropriate goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
67. C
Forced association. Forcing associations means making a connection between two things where an obvious connection doesn't already exist. By forcing associations, you make yourself think differently, which results in more creativity. For example, making associations with the color yellow might result in developing connections with taxis, school buses, daisies, bumblebees, the sun, etc. Cooperation is working together toward a common goal. Implementation is carrying out an idea or activity. Manipulation involves controlling or managing people or circumstances.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: Innovative Styles. (n.d.). Tools and techniques: Generating innovative solutions. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://innovationstyles.com/isinc/content/toolstechniques0.aspx
68. D
Friends. Letting friends and acquaintances know that you are looking for a job is one of the most effective methods of locating job leads. These people often will be willing to pass on information about new openings, resignations, and retirements they learn about. Retirees, nonworkers, and minors usually are out of the mainstream of the employment scene and would not have information concerning job leads.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 112-113). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. B
Former employers. The reference section of a résumé should list two or three people who can provide information about you. The best references are former employers, because they can accurately describe your work habits, abilities, and attitudes towards the job. Prospective employers will want to contact these references to find out if you performed satisfactorily in former positions. Potential employers usually do not want to contact your classmates, family members, and coworkers because they are personal references who may be unable to provide unbiased information about you.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 49-50]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. D
Voluntary. A chamber of commerce is an organization that supports businesses and business growth in the community. It also helps local businesses resolve common problems. Membership is voluntary, not required or necessary. Member businesses often display their membership plaques because they feel it benefits them for customers to know they are part of the organization.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. D
Socially responsible. Social responsibility is the duty of business to contribute to the well-being of society. Businesses are being socially responsible if they refuse to take advantage of unfortunate situations, such as damage caused by natural disasters, by raising the prices of goods and services that people need in order to rebuild. Businesses that focus on contributing to society usually build goodwill within the community and develop long-term relationships that are far more profitable than the quick money they earn by raising prices during a disaster. Therefore, refusing to raise prices is not economically unsound because the business will profit in the future from its responsible actions. Refusing to raise prices during a natural disaster is not a political or legal issue.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 139-140). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
72. A
Internet. More than a new way to take orders and deliver merchandise, the Internet has proven valuable to consumers as a source of information and a new way to compare prices and products. The Internet provides customers with more information about more products in less time than they can obtain from making telephone calls or by reading the newspaper or a catalog.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Khurana, A. (n.d.). Advantages of e-commerce. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://ecommerce.about.com/od/eCommerce-Basics/tp/Advantages-Of-Ecommerce.htm
73. B
To get a fair share of the market. Gaining market share is often an important pricing goal. Businesses may lower prices in order to attract new customers and increase their market share. This could create goodwill in the community, but that is not the purpose of the tactic. Price levels are not used to attract employees. Competitors' activities would be tracked before prices were set.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 285]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
74. D
To eliminate some ideas. Screening ideas for new products is intended to eliminate obviously bad ideas and recognize the value of good ideas. It is a quick look at ideas to see if they have value, not a careful or thorough analysis. New ideas must already be generated before screening can occur. Market research would be done to determine if consumers will purchase the good or service.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
75. B
Internet. The Internet allows businesses in the travel, hospitality, recreation, and insurance industries to bypass intermediaries (agents and brokers). Consumers can easily go directly to the service business to make the purchase. This enables the businesses to reach more customers and sell at any time of the day or night. Fax machines are widely used as a means of sending information quickly rather than as a selling tool. Key card entry systems are used mainly in the hospitality industry. Interactive television is not as widely used by consumers as the Internet.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2001). Marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 309-310]. New York: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Trend research. Identifying product opportunities often involves research. One type of research is trend research to find out the general direction in which people or events are moving. For example, trend research might indicate that people want smaller cars or larger televisions. As a result of trend research, businesses are often able to identify product opportunities. Once the opportunity is identified, businesses usually analyze the idea. If the idea is feasible, businesses may conduct trial runs and production tests.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 279-280). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
77. A
Standards. Standards are statements that specify a product's size, contents, and/or quality. Grades are ratings that tell to what extent the standards are met. Warranties are promises made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Testimonials are statements by an identified user of a product, proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8 Raising the Bar (Grades and Standards)
78. B
Replace or repair a faulty product. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A full warranty provides that if the product does not work properly, is defective, or does not live up to the warranty, it must be made good within a reasonable time. The company providing the warranty may not put time limits on any implied warranties the product may have. A limited warranty would only cover specific parts rather than the whole product. Most warranties state that improper use or handling of the product will void the warranty.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4 Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
79. B
Business selling computer, printer, and scanner as a unit. Product bundling involves combining several products and offering them to customers as one product. Usually, the bundled products are offered for one, all-inclusive price. An example is a business selling a computer, a printer, and a scanner as a unit. In many cases, the bundle is less expensive than the cost of each item sold separately. Sometimes, the products can only be purchased as a unit and are not available separately. A lumber company selling wood chips as small-animal bedding is an example of selling by-products. A theme park charging admission and then selling ride tickets is an example of two-part pricing. A garden shop discounting prices of seasonal merchandise is an example of adjusting prices.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 356]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
80. C
Competitive advantage. Businesses often gain a competitive advantage over competitors by offering customers a value or benefit that their competitors do not provide. If a business offers the best quality and service at a reasonable price, it has a competitive advantage over competitors that provide lower quality or higher prices. When businesses position themselves as providers of quality and service, customers often think of them in those terms and prefer to buy from those businesses. Businesses do not gain promotional consideration, geographic benefits, or marketing incentives by positioning products as the ones offering the best quality and service for the price.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 220-224]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
81. D
Licensing. Licensing allows a brand name to be used by another company for a fee. Brand positioning attempts to create a certain image or impression of a brand as compared to competitive brands. Brand extension is the use of successful brands to launch new brands. Brand repositioning reevaluates and changes the brand in order to change the ways consumers see the brand.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
82. D
Identity. Corporate branding refers to the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. A corporate brand may include a variety of products, but the name or corporate brand provides all products with a common identity. For example, PepsiCo is a corporate brand under which its Pepsi, Quaker Oats, Tropicana, Gatorade, and Frito Lay products are sold. Corporate brands do not necessarily provide a common platform, ranking, or strategy for products.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Dhruv, G., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (p. 284). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. A
Purchases. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Businesses use promotion to inform buyers about goods and services in order to encourage them to buy. By purchasing the goods or services, buyers give feedback to senders. Buyers let the senders know that they received the promotional message and respond by making purchases. A complaint is a customer's expression of a dissatisfaction. A suggestion is a recommendation. Referrals are individuals or businesses to whom salespeople are recommended.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Promotion)
84. A
A January white sale. A January white sale is an example of product promotion that aims to persuade customers to buy a good or service. The alternatives are examples of institutional promotion that aim to create a certain image in the eyes of consumers; also known as corporate promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4 Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
85. B
Exaggerating a product's attributes in an advertisement. When a business exaggerates a product's a products or benefits, such as stating that a product is "the best" or that it can "work miracles," the business is engaging in puffery. This practice is an unethical advertising practice because it is misleading and provides unproven information. Developing an advertising campaign about environmental issues, using testimonials in print advertising, and placing product pricing in an advertisement are ethical actions.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [pp. 72-73]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
86. A
Incarceration. While the penalties upon marketers who run false or deceptive advertisements may be severe, these marketers are rarely criminally charged or sentenced to jail time. A cease and desist order requires marketers to stop running the offensive advertisements. If these same marketers run false or deceptive ads in the future, regulators may impose monetary fines on the marketers. If regulators determine that a company is running deceptive advertising, that company may be required to run corrective advertising.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Fawkner, E. (2012). Not just 6 lines, 65 characters. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://www.ahbbo.com/adsftc.html
87. B
Word-of-mouth communication. This is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Therefore, customers recommending the business to their friends is an example of word-of-mouth communication. In many cases, these recommendations lead to additional sales because people tend to believe their friends and take their advice. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Verbal assertiveness is a confident attitude that involves the use of words. Recommending a business to friends is not an example of one-on-one selling.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 662-666]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
88. B
Public relations. Public relations is a function of business designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. One way to establish good relations is to communicate with the public. Businesses often hold press conferences and give interviews to communicate information and pass on positive news about the business. Corporate management involves managing the business. Personal selling is the form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Target marketing is the identification and selection of markets for a business or for a product.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 652]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. D
Logotype. The logotype is the name and/or symbol used by a business. Businesses believe that having a unique logotype creates an image that people will come to recognize and associate with that business. The logotype clearly identifies the product's brand or advertiser to consumers. An illustration is a photograph, drawing, painting, or graphic such as a chart, table, or graph. A headline is text set in large type and usually positioned at the top of an advertisement. A photograph is an illustration.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 427-428). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. D
Coordinating speaking engagements for employees. The public-relations department is a division of a business that is responsible for establishing good relations between the business and its publics. The various publics include the business's target market, its stakeholders, the local business community, its employees, and local residents. One activity that a public-relations department coordinates is speaking engagements for the business's employees. For example, a local civic group might ask the publicrelations department if a member of the business's executive-management staff could speak to the group about a particular issue that is affecting the community. The public-relations department would work with the appropriate employee to schedule the speaking engagement. The research and development department conducts product research and develops product prototypes. Developing job descriptions is a human-resources activity. The advertising department selects media for the business's advertising.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 657]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. A
Pass on positive information. One of the main functions of a business's public-relations activities is to reach external audiences, those groups that are outside of the company. These groups include the local community, government officials, customers, suppliers, creditors, etc. The external audience has a significant impact on the business because customers buy products, government officials enact rules and regulations, and creditors loan money. If the business does not maintain good relations with the external audience by providing positive information, it may have difficulty operating or even fail. Public-relations activities are not intended to sell useful products, measure the community response, or compile customer databases.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 652]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. C
Strategy. A promotional plan is the framework for the promotional activities of a business. The promotional plan includes several components. The strategy component provides information as to exactly how the business will achieve its established goals. The budget component outlines the financial resources the business will need to carry out the promotional activities. The situation analysis is a determination about the company's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed. A promotional plan's evaluation component provides information about how the business will determine if its promotional activities are successful.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Small Business Notes. (n.d.). Promotion plan. Retrieved October 23, 2012, from http://www.smallbusinessnotes.com/marketing-your-business/promotion-plan.html
93. A
Product displays. Product displays are the ways in which goods and services are visually presented to prospective buyers. Businesses often display products in windows, on racks and tables, etc. Businesses often discount products and promote (advertise) these discounts to attract customers and stimulate sales. To encourage customers to buy during the sales event, the business should display the advertised products in an attractive way because customers are usually more willing to buy when the products are organized in a visually appealing manner. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about a specific issue, situation, or concern. Stock handling is the loading, unloading, and movement of goods. Marking down merchandise is a pricing activity rather than a promotional activity.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. B
Technical terms. When appropriate, salespeople will need to use technical terms and to be prepared to explain those terms in plain English. Some goods and services require a technical explanation, and salespeople must be able to adequately communicate that information to customers. Salespeople must be able to explain technical terms in a clear and simple way that customers will understand. Salespeople should avoid using complex sentences, slang words, or foreign phrases.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. B
Competition. Because product quality and price can easily be matched, customer service becomes a key component in business competition. In selling, customer service is where the real competition among businesses begins. As a salesperson, you must have the ability to show your prospects that your company meets (and hopefully exceeds) customer service expectations. Customer service is not a key component in business careers, business communication, or business forecasts.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130 Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
96. A
Assess sales staff performance. By assessing sales staff performance, managers can determine the success of the employees and the selling policies. Salespeople interact with potential customers and explain policies. Regulations are determined by federal and state governments along with regulatory agencies. Salespersons' responses are directed by the established selling policies.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 251-252]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
97. C
To communicate with customers. An electronic data interchange (EDI) is a computerized information system. This technology allows a business's computers to communicate with customers' computers and share information. An advantage of using EDI is that the computers keep track of sales and inventory and automatically place orders when inventory reaches a certain level. The system facilitates the sales process, which usually results in more satisfied customers and more sales for the business. Businesses do not use electronic data interchange systems to identify potential accounts, fax sales data to employees, or access competitors' web sites.
SOURCE: SE:107
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 510). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
98. D
Customers. An excellent source of information about what a product can or cannot do is customers who have actually used the product. The other alternatives provide excellent information about other aspects of the product such as care, proper usage, construction, price, and size.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Manning, G.L., Reece, B.L., & Ahearne, M. (2010). Selling today: Creating customer value (11th ed.) [p. 130]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
99. A
Benefits. Benefits are the advantages that the product provides. Effective salespeople know that customers do not buy the product itself; rather, they are buying what the product can do for them. For example, customers do not buy weight-lifting equipment they buy the ability to workout in the privacy of their own homes. Therefore, the salesperson must translate the features (characteristics) of the product into benefits. A customer does not purchase a product because of a person's attitude.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. D
To have realistic expectations for workers. Even though managers don't do the actual jobs, it is important for managers to understand the jobs of the workers they supervise. This helps managers to know how workers should do the work, to be realistic in the amount of work they expect workers to complete, or even to fill in when workers are absent or there is an emergency situation of some kind. Managers do not need to know how to do the work to establish a chain of command. Coordinating employees' efforts and creating a team spirit are managerial responsibilities that improve the output of workers but are not related to managers' knowledge of the jobs to be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1093
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Case. Case law is a primary source of law that is based on previous court decisions. Constitutional law is the supreme law of the land and is based upon the U.S. Constitution. Uniform laws address issues such as trade and commerce. Uniform laws provide legal consistency among the states that adopt them. The U.S. Congress enacts statutory laws.
SOURCE: BL:067
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [p. 5]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort. However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee (defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop its own laws.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 259-260]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. C
A large piece of farm machinery. Exclusive distribution means selling a product through just one middleman in a geographic area. Marketers use this method when they need to maintain tight control over a product. This is why exclusive distribution is often used for specialty products that are technical in nature or require specialized services such as installation or repair. Examples of these products are airplanes and large machinery. Milk and magazines are examples of convenience products, which usually use intensive distribution patterns. A silk necktie is an example of a consumer shopping good, which usually uses a selective distribution pattern.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. D
Agents. These are businesses or individuals that assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. Wholesalers are businesses that buy goods from producers or agents and sell to retailers. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods and services and sell them to ultimate consumers. Industrial users are businesses that buy materials or goods that will be used to make other goods and services or in the operation of the business.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Refusing to sell to uncooperative retailers. This type of action may be considered a violation of antitrust acts. Meeting or surpassing customer expectations establishes brand loyalty and encourages retailers to carry the brand with fewer demands on the manufacturer. Customizing the distribution channel of key retail customers also reduces these demands by individualizing to meet these same retailers' specific needs. Establishing their own distribution strategies around smaller stores and eliminating the demands of the larger retail chains can also give manufacturers more control in distribution channels.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 398-399]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin
6. B
Making sure products are in stock before advertising a sale. It is important for businesses to coordinate distribution with the marketing function of promotion because products must be in stock and available to sell when they are advertised. Businesses that are planning to advertise a sale must first make sure the products are in stock. If customers visit a business to buy products that are not available, they may become irritated with the business and go elsewhere to buy. Promotion includes writing a news release to announce a new product line and organizing a contest to attract customers to the business. However, these activities do not involve distribution. Placing an advance order to obtain a seasonal discount is a distribution function, but it does not involve promotion.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 402). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. D
A restaurant franchisee uses unauthorized food suppliers that compromise brand integrity. Horizontal conflict is defined as disagreement among channel members that perform distribution activities at the same level. For example, restaurant franchisees must follow the rules that the parent company (franchisor) establishes in the franchise agreement. Using unauthorized suppliers is not only a breach of contract, but is compromising brand integrity by using products that the franchisor might consider below standard. This can create conflict among other franchisees who are following the rules. Direct distribution is the channel of distribution in which goods and services move directly from the producer to the consumer or industrial user. Since the manufacturer is a new company, it is not creating conflict by engaging in direct distribution since it has not established a dealership arrangement. A manufacturer that provides authorized dealers with rebate programs does not necessarily create conflict among its dealers. Soliciting bids and awarding contracts are common business practices and can create normal economic competition.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 426). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
8. C
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or list former local competitors.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Locker, K.O., & Kaczmarek, S.K. (2007). Business Communication: Building critical skills (3rd ed.) [p. 307]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
9. B
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [p. 79]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. D
Sharing and understanding. Sharing means that there must be one who sends the message and one who reacts to it. Understanding means that both sender and receiver grasp the same message. Telling/Informing is a one-way process. All messages have words but meanings are generally not included. Personal beliefs and attitudes determine if you care about a message or not.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [p. 2]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
11. D
Offer to get the information and call back. When a customer asks for information you don't have, apologize for not knowing and offer to get the information. No one is expected to know everything, but you should know where to find necessary information. Always offer to call the customer back. It may be inconvenient for the customer to call you again, and s/he should not be asked to call someone else. Asking the customer why s/he needs the information would be rude.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 417-419]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. A
To declare your opinion. It's important to participate in a group discussion for several reasons: to think critically, to organize your thoughts, to develop your understanding of a topic, to know when to change your mind, and to gain confidence in speaking to other people. Declaring your opinion, which may or may not take place during a discussion, is not a reason to participate.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29 Put In Your Two Cents
13. D
Quantitative primary data are costly to obtain. The writing process typically involves several steps: prewriting, drafting, revising, editing, and publishing. During the editing step, the writer or copyreader should review what has been written to determine if it meets certain criteria to be published and/or shared with others. These criteria include proper sentence structure, appropriate grammar and punctuation, correct spelling, etc. "Quantitative primary data are constly to obtain" is the only statement that is properly structured, contains appropriate grammar and punctuation, and is spelled correctly. (The word "data" is the plural of "datum".) The word "quota" is singular, so "Roger's weekly sales-volume quota are $8,500" contains an incorrect verb. (The verb should be "is," not "are".) In the statement "Carole is developing a prodect analysis sheet", the word "prodect" is spelled incorrectly. (The correct spelling is "product".) The phrase "Frank, Gus, and Bob" is a plural subject, so the wrong verb is used in the predicate of the sentence. (The verb should be "are" instead of "is".)
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bright Hub. (2013, September 13). Middle school lesson on the writing process: How to edit. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.brighthubeducation.com/middle-schoolenglish-lessons/7570-teaching-writing-process-how-to-edit/
14. D
Knowledge of the products being promoted. Information regarding planned promotions of products prepares salespeople to handle customer inquiries. The store's promotional budget and policies would not provide information pertinent to this customer's inquiry. Personal customer information also would not help to answer the customer's question.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 402). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. B
Continuous improvement. When a business evaluates its business processes to make them more efficient and effective, it is conducting continuous improvement. Continuous improvement can help a business in its efforts to establish and maintain positive, long-term relationships with its customers. Employee training involves educating workers on how to best perform their job duties. Organizational structuring refers to the way business functions relate within a company. Business process management focuses on aligning a company's objectives and activities with customer needs.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. D
Consumption. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is consumption, which is the economic process or activity of using goods and services. For consumption to occur, goods and services must be produced, or made. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided between producers and resource owners.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
17. C
Studying and analyzing customer satisfaction. One of the marketing department's duties is studying and analyzing which product features bring customers the most satisfaction. Manufacturing new products, maintaining adequate stock levels, and making sure that the finished product gets where it needs to be are all important ways to create and enhance utility, but these tasks are completed by other departments.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
18. A
Delegation emphasis. The organizational business structure is the way a company sets up its workflow. Primary characteristics of the organic organizational business structure include sharing (decentralized) authority; delegating responsibility among employees; and cultivating a broad range of job skills and knowledge (de-specialization) among workers. The advantage of the organic organizational business structure is that it provides the company with a great deal of flexibility.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: EC LAP 23—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
19. A
United States. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups own or control most or all of the means of production. Sweden and Great Britain have socialist command economic systems. China has a communist command economic system.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
20. C
Spending. If consumers are choosing to spend rather than save, it means they are confident that the economy will remain strong, and they will be able to cover the costs of any future debts. High levels of inflation, saving, and prices are usually indicators that the economy is heading into a recession, where both businesses and households are trying to accumulate as much money as possible to achieve financial security.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: da Costa, P.N. (2013, September 4). Fed: Consumer spending fueling economic growth. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.dailyfinance.com/2013/09/04/consumerspending-economic-growth-cars-homes-financing/
21. A
Growth. Other indications of economic growth are rising employment, wages, and profits. Little or no economic progress occurs during periods of economic stagnation, which is the opposite of economic growth. A recession is a downturn in economic activity that lasts six months or longer. A depression is a severe recession characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
22. B
See the reasons people behave the way they do. As we become more emotionally intelligent, better social awareness helps us to understand why someone is behaving the way s/he is. Emotional intelligence does not give us control over someone else's emotions, nor does it mean we should respond on the same negative level. Instead of standing our ground and not giving in, emotional intelligence means we are open to negotiation.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
23. C
Discuss your feelings with someone you trust. Often, this is all that is necessary to restore your selfesteem. It is never helpful to your self-esteem to bottle up your feelings, to withdraw from life, or to go over past mistakes repeatedly.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [p. 39]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
24. B
Make a job change. When an employee can include a letter from a previous employer saying that s/he is an honest worker, it is usually easier for the worker to obtain a job at a new company. A recommendation would not help workers to select career goals and learn technical skills. Being recommended as an honest worker would not mean that a worker could work without supervision in all circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 640]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
25. A
Benefits. Learn to look at changes in your personal life or your career as opportunities to learn and to become a better person. Focus on good outcomes of change rather than on the change itself. Have a positive attitude rather than looking for possible drawbacks or shortcomings. The side effects of change cannot be accurately predicted.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Dalton, M., Hoyle, D.G., & Watts, M.W. (2006). Human relations (3rd ed.) [pp. 366-367]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
26. D
Acknowledging differences as assets. Valuing diversity means openly acknowledging differences and believing that they are assets instead of problems. It does not mean ignoring or minimizing differences.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: EI LAP 11—Getting to Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
27. C
Assertive. The goals of assertive behavior are to reduce anxiety/conflict and to improve self-esteem, mutual respect and understanding, cooperation, and the general quality of relationships. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others or exploiting others to achieve personal goals. Passive behavior is characterized by failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. Ambivalent behavior is waffling back and forth from one side of an issue to the opposite side.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
28. D
Control over employees. Leadership style ranges from the authoritarian style that exercises a great deal of control to the laissez-faire style that provides only guidance. A supervisor's income and education have no direct bearing on leadership style. While experience may be a factor in the development of leadership style, it is not a factor in classifying style.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
29. C
Scarcity. Scarcity of resources has little to do with the time value of money. It's relevant to a discussion of pricing or economic resources. The time value of money is a measure of its opportunity cost, or what the spender is foregoing by spending now instead of saving. Interest rates are a measure of that opportunity cost. Future value is the value of money at some future point.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2008). Personal finance literacy (p. 68). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
30. D
Sales. Sales tax is a fee that the government charges on retail products. Businesses collect sales taxes from the customers and pay the government the taxes at set intervals. Property tax is a tax on land and buildings. An excise tax ("sin" tax) is a specific type of sales tax on specific goods such as gasoline, cigarettes, and alcohol. Excise taxes are often included in the price of the product. Income tax is a tax on the income a person earns, such as wages earned by performing work for an employer.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 370-371). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. A
24-hour account access. One of the advantages of using an online brokerage firm is 24-hour access to your account. Many self-directed investors like being able to access this information at any time without having to call or visit their broker. Online brokerages do not offer personal guidance from a live broker or many additional financial products and services. Online brokerages usually have low commissions rather than high ones.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2013). Brokers and online trading: Full-service or discount? Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/broker/broker2.asp
32. C
Variances. Businesses analyze their financial information to determine the differences between what they had forecast and what actually happened. By doing this, they can account for those differences and improve future forecasts. In this scenario, equipment costs were not a factor. The business could not determine from its financial information whether the supply of raw materials decreased or demand increased. Forecasts are estimates based on information known at the time the forecast was made and will not be exactly what actually happens. In this scenario, therefore, the variances would not be considered forecasting errors.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: Consoli, A. (2006, June 23). Entrepreneurs know how to use financial information. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Entrepreneurs-Know-How-to-UseFinancial-Information&id=228042
33. C
$4,000. Liabilities are debts owed by the business. In this case, the business owes the $4,000 it borrowed from the Fifth National Bank. The $7,000 worth of inventory is an asset because it's owned by the business. The $24,000 is the business's equity or net assets.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. D
To provide external sources with accurate financial information. The accounting function collects and records the financial information in the appropriate format. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. For example, some governments require large businesses to use a specific accounting method, such as the accrual method. The accrual accounting method records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. An advantage of using the accrual method is that it provides investors, creditors, and customers with a more accurate picture of a business's cash flow over time. Governments do not require businesses to use a specific accounting method to ensure that they are complying with intellectual property laws, to control the ways in which businesses develop credit policies, or to monitor how businesses establish sales goals and budgets.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Fishman, S. (n.d.). Cash vs. accrual accounting. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/cash-vs-accrual-accounting-29513.html
35. B
To plan purchases. Budgets guide financial decisions, such as what to buy and how much to pay. Businesses use budgets to estimate income to know how much money will be available to spend on purchases. By knowing when income is expected, businesses can plan to make purchases during a specific time period. Businesses do not use budgets to estimate income in order to increase losses, increase shrinkage, or develop services.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
36. B
Career and education planning. Career and education planning is an example of an employee-assistance program a company may offer. Employee-assistance programs are part of the HR management activity of employee relations. Compensation is pay for work completed, not extra assistance. Training on the use of dangerous power equipment is a compliance issue. Corrective action is a training and development issue that occurs when an employee's performance is not up to standard.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
37. C
The marketing environment is constantly changing. Marketers need information in order to keep up with these rapid changes. Other reasons that marketers must gather information include an increasing geographic scope for businesses, hard-to-please consumers, and increasing competition.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
38. D
Selling consumer information without consent. Some businesses engage in unethical practices when gathering marketing information, such as selling consumer information without consent. When this occurs, it makes it difficult for other businesses to obtain data because consumers are reluctant to provide personal information that may be sold to others without their consent. Ethical marketers always tell research participants how their information will be used and give them the opportunity to indicate that they do not want it to be sold to others. Ethical marketers explain research procedures in detail, identify the sponsor of the research project, and ensure the anonymity of all participants.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 151). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
39. D
To merge a variety of data into one database. Businesses often obtain information about customers from a variety of sources such as questionnaires, warranty cards, or sweepstakes entries. All of this information is valuable if the businesses are able to merge it into a database that is easily accessible. A business's customer database might include information about name, address, types of recent purchases, dollar amounts spent, general interests, income, brand preferences, etc. Businesses use the merged database to target specific customers or identify trends in order to remain competitive. Businesses might purchase software in order to prepare questionnaires or direct-mail pieces that will be sent to customers, but not to manage marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 220-221]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
40. A
An article written by an industry expert. An article written by an industry expert is an example of external data—it exists outside the organization's "in-house" information system. A retail "loyalty" card, a sales report, and a profit-and-loss statement are all examples of internal data.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: IM LAP 15—What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
41. B
Situation. A situation analysis is a tool that is often used to gather background information about a current business situation or problem. Researchers use the information that they gather via a situation analysis to familiarize themselves with the complete problem or issue. This information may help researchers to identify what caused the problem, as well as possible consequences of the issue. A competitive analysis is the process of comparing a business's income statement with that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that investigates a business's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats in an organized fashion. A break-even analysis is a financial analysis whose purpose is to identify the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at various prices.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 13—What's the Problem? (Marketing-Research Problems)
42. C
Represents a larger group. A sampling plan is the course of action for gathering marketing information from a section or portion of a target market. A business gathers data from a portion of the target market because the market is often too large to obtain data from each market member. Therefore, researchers use the sample group's responses to represent the larger group's opinions and ideas. Sampling plans use different methods to select and gather information. The marketing-research issue or problem and the way the sample data are collected influence but do not eliminate the respondents' bias and error rates. Observation is a method of collecting primary data, which may or may not be more reliable than other research methods.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16—Take Your Pick (Sampling Plans)
43. A
Balanced. Marketing researchers can use many types of itemized rating scales on a survey. An itemized scale provides respondents with a set of options from which they must choose an answer. A balanced itemized scale provides an equal number of favorable responses (e.g., extremely satisfied, satisfied) as it does unfavorable responses (e.g., dissatisfied, extremely dissatisfied). A continuous scale is a type of non-comparative scale that allows respondents to place a slash mark on a line that is bounded by two opposite variables (e.g., the worst; the best). Spliced and sequential are not types of survey rating scales.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 358]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
44. D
Sales invoices. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit, discount terms, and other data regarding the sales transaction. Invoices usually possess key marketing and sales data in one location. Researchers often use this data to analyze information, such as product movement and account activity. Accounting reports summarize financial data as it relates to business activities. Freight bills are invoices that relate to the transportation of goods. Although freight bills might be used in marketing research, freight information is often included on the sales invoice. Utilization summary is not a marketing term that is commonly used.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: IM LAP 11 Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
45. A
Mail survey. A survey is a marketing-research method that involves asking consumers questions in order to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Researchers often use mail surveys that are sent to individuals' homes as a way of collecting data. A message board is a gathering place for transmitting ideas or information through electronic communication. A case study is an instructional method that involves giving trainees a written description of an organizational problem and asking them to determine the problem and potential solutions. Behavior chart is not a common method of collecting research data.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 694). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
46. A
Point-of-sale scanners. Many businesses use data from their point-of-sale devices (computerized cash registers) to collect marketing information. Because the point-of-sale scanner records all of the customers' purchases, a business can use the device to (indirectly) "observe" its customers' purchasing habits on an ongoing basis. The business can use the data to determine its fast-moving items and its customers' brand preferences. Comment cards are small, short, preprinted questionnaires. Manual equipment is too broad a term to specifically address how marketing researchers collect data. Marketing researchers do not use sound-wave meters to collect information about the types of products that customers are buying.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 68-69]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
47. D
Present an overview. One of the functions of a marketing research brief is to present an overview of the proposed research project. Before businesses invest time and money in research, they need a clear understanding of the purpose of the research and the problem it will attempt to solve. The research brief provides an explanation of the research and why it is important. A marketing research brief does not process the data, state a conclusion, or analyze the evidence.
SOURCE: IM:290
SOURCE: B2B International. (n.d.). The art of the brief. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.b2binternational.com/publications/market-research-brief/
48. A
Recording. Errors can occur at any stage during the marketing-research process. When a researcher transposes numbers while transferring information from surveys or other research documentation into a computer spreadsheet or in a written document, it is a recording error. The example does not present a measurement, sampling, or response error.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [p. 456]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
49. A
Concise and objective. A questionnaire is a set of written questions designed to gather information. So that a business can obtain the most reliable information possible, questionnaire developers should make sure that the questionnaire is clear, concise, and objective, or free of bias. If the questionnaire is designed in a way that it is ambiguous (vague), complex, or adaptable, the business risks not obtaining reliable data.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 292). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. A
Cultural influences. Cultural influences have the strongest effect on a consumer's buying behavior, even stronger than social influences, individual influences, and situational influences.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: MK LAP 6—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
51. C
A stable economy. Marketing strategies are plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. These strategies need to be changed or adjusted when changes in the business environment make the strategies less effective. A stable economy would not create the need for change since no major economic changes are occurring. New technological developments, changes in the attitudes of consumers, and the influence exerted by government agencies are all factors that can cause a firm to change strategies.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
52. D
Income. Demographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of characteristics people have in common that affect their purchasing power. Income is one of those characteristics. Geographic segmentation divides markets according to where consumers are located. Lifestyle and personality are psychographic segmentation factors that group markets according to people's interests, values, activities, traits, and behavior.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
53. C
To identify emerging trends. Environmental monitoring involves tracking a variety of data and statistics to identify emerging trends. The benefit of environmental monitoring is that it enables businesses to understand trends and make changes in order to remain competitive. For example, environmental monitoring might indicate that consumers are buying more American-made products than products made in foreign countries. Businesses do not engage in environmental monitoring to develop recyclable products, to segment target markets, or to analyze ethical issues.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Dalton, J.G. (2011, August). The basics of environmental scanning. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.asaecenter.org/Resources/ANowDetail.cfm?ItemNumber=111955
54. A
Obtain written permission from the copyright owner. To avoid copyright infringement, it is important to contact the owner of the copyrighted materials (e.g., written works or artistic works) to obtain permission to reprint in other formats. Written authorization provides clear documentation that the copyright owner has provided approval to reprint. Approval to reprint copyrighted material usually includes acknowledgement of the copyright owner, who may be the author or the author's employer. Trademarks provide legal protection to prevent unauthorized use of symbols, designs, or words. Patents are legal protection for inventions.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 709-710]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
55. B
A customer registers on the company website. The Internet gives businesses great opportunities to gather information on customers and learn to relate to them better. When a customer registers on the company's website, the company is using technology to aid in information gathering. Filling out warranty cards in the store, writing letters of complaint (as opposed to emails), and receiving coupons in the mail are all non-technological methods of information gathering for customer relations purposes.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: NF LAP 4—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
56. B
Operating system. An operating system runs the computer, serving as a go-between for hardware and software applications. In addition, the operating system provides security for the computer system. A server is any combination of hardware or software designed to provide services to clients. Application software is software that enables the users to perform specific tasks, such as word processing. A computer's hard drive is the element of the system that stores software applications, the operating system, and other data.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Webopedia.com. (2013). Operating system. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/O/operating_system.html
57. D
Detailed reports, memos, and contracts. Businesses use word-processing software to create a variety of business-related documents including reports, memos, contracts, business plans, letters, and tables. Spreadsheets are generated by other types of software programs (e.g., Excel) that organize, calculate, and analyze numerical information. Although many word-processing applications have basic drawing capabilities to produce simple graphics, the more complex graphic elements are generally created by special graphics and design programs (e.g., Freehand).
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 213). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. C
Meta tags. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. HTML, or Hypertext Markup Language, is the program used for creating pages on the World Wide Web. It uses tags placed in strategic places to help the browser identify and locate various elements of the web page. ASCII, or American Standard Code for Information Interchange, is plain text from which the HTML document is usually created. The browser moves from one place to another within the page or to another site by means of a hyperlink.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Miles, J.E., & Dolce, C. (2006). E-Commerce (pp. 14, 338). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. B
Inventory. All the stock that a business has on hand is called inventory. Businesses keep records of their inventory to determine which items are moving quickly, which items are moving slowly, and when it is time to order additional items. Credit, accounts payable, and sales expense reports do not provide a company with information about the movement of its products.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 565-566, 569). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Daily. The operations function consists mainly of activities that are performed on a daily basis. Operations are the day-to-day activities that allow a business to keep doing what it needs to do— producing and providing goods and services for its customers. While some operations activities may be performed weekly, monthly, or yearly, most operations activities happen daily.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. C
Customers from falling. Cluttered aisles are a safety hazard for both customers and employees. Employees should try to prevent falls by maintaining a clean work area. Spontaneous combustion is a fire that starts under such circumstances as when oily, dirty rags are left in a pile. Not all aisles have carpet. Keeping the aisles free of clutter will not prevent shoplifting.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
62. B
Leadership. For a project manager, one of the most important skills is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. One of the project manager's main roles is to lead the group to achieve the project's goal. Managers who have good leadership skills are able to motivate group members and persuade members to follow their directions. Project managers also need to have decisionmaking skills and communication skills. However, leadership skills enable managers to guide or direct the actions of others. The group usually sets the goals of the project, although the manager guides the discussion.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
63. C
Dividing the country into districts. Some businesses have grown so large that central buying can no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant locations. In response to this development, many large businesses have decentralized their purchasing operations. This has been accomplished by dividing the country into districts and delegating part of central buying's responsibility to district managers who are more familiar with local businesses. Businesses do not decentralize purchasing operations by organizing departments into one, warehousing items until needed, or requisitioning sufficient quantities.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
64. A
Natural resources. In order to produce goods and services, businesses need a variety of resources. One type of resource is natural resources, which includes the materials from which to make products. Without the necessary raw materials and natural resources, businesses would be unable to produce goods and services. Tangible items are outputs produced by the production process. Purchasing plans are the procedures for buying needed materials. Research facilities are used to develop new products.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
65. A
Present a favorable business image. The cleanliness and neatness of a business contribute to a favorable image. Keeping employees busy is not a valid reason to perform housekeeping functions. Insurance companies do not inspect businesses on a regular basis. Maintenance involves upkeep and repairs rather than housekeeping.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Stutts, A. T., & Wortman, J. F. (2006). Hotel and lodging management: An introduction (2nd ed.) [pp. 88, 99-101]. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons.
66. D
It is best to wear "loud" colors in clothing. Colors should be well balanced and enhance to your personal coloring. Be extremely careful with "loud" colors in clothing. The alternatives represent guidelines for proper business dress.
SOURCE: PD:002
SOURCE: PD LAP 5—Brand ME! (Personal Appearance)
67. A
Attending a school of art and design. This would be an appropriate educational goal for Susan because it will help her to make the most of her skills without requiring the kinds of academic courses that cause her problems. Graduating from a four-year university or completing graduate-level courses may be very stressful and could damage her self-esteem. Studying the works of great artists does not constitute an educational goal, but it would be an appropriate leisure pursuit for Susan.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Williams, J.W., & Eggland, S.A. (2005). Human relations for career success (6th ed.) [p. 3]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
68. C
Marketing management. Katharine's career is in the area of marketing management. Careers in marketing management involve all marketing functions, including channel management, marketinginformation management, pricing, product/service management, promotion, and selling. Katharine's career is not in the area of banking services, professional selling, or operations management. Banking services include cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
69. C
Identify the purpose of the letter and the job for which you are applying. The introductory paragraph should provide the background information that the reader needs to understand why the letter has been written. It should set the stage for the paragraphs that follow. The second and succeeding paragraphs should call attention to your qualifications and refer to information provided in your résumé. The last paragraph should express enthusiasm for the job and the company. Your references are cited in the résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 901-902). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. B
Receive a promotion. When an employee receives a promotion, s/he is usually given more responsibility and authority, which often includes managing other people or performing more complex work. Employees who receive promotions often share common traits and patterns of behavior. These employees tend to be dependable—they follow through on their promises and complete their work on time. Employees who receive promotions are also willing to learn new skills, such mastering a new computer program. Employees who receive promotions also take initiative. Initiative is the willingness to do something or perform a task without being told to do so, rather than taking a passive approach to work. Many types of employees obtain advice and acknowledge coworkers in the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B. S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 486-487). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. B
Lowering prices during bad economic times. Businesses understand that they often need to be flexible and adjust prices based on a variety of factors. One of these factors is the condition of the economy. For example, during bad economic times, customers are quite cautious about how they spend their money. To attract these customers, businesses may need to lower their prices. On the other hand, businesses may increase prices when economic conditions are good because customers may be willing to spend more. Charging the same price all the time is not an example of being flexible. Setting prices based on the quality of products is an example of realistic pricing. Offering money-off coupons is a promotional technique.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
72. A
Unethical. Setting very low prices on products to try to drive competitors out of business is an example of predatory pricing. In most cases, this type of pricing is considered unethical because its only purpose is to eliminate competition. Once businesses have driven out competitors, they usually raise prices because customers now have nowhere else to buy those products. This type of pricing often is effective in attracting customers; however, it is unethical because it eliminates competition. This type of pricing is not misleading or deceptive because it clearly advertises a very low price.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 479-481]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
73. A
Prices inhibit competition. The Robinson-Patman Act (1936) restricts price discrimination practices. It is illegal for a manufacturer to charge different prices to different businesses for the same products if it impairs competition. Price discrimination is legal in the other situations.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 479-481]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
74. B
Idea generation. New products begin with ideas. Idea generation is the process of thinking up or creating new plans and schemes and is often used in creating new products and modifying existing products. Many companies solicit new ideas on a continuous basis as part of the product/service management program. Business analysis is examining such factors as demand, costs, competition, capital investment required, and potential profit of a good or service to determine how it will fit into the company's product mix. Test marketing is the process of introducing a new product to a limited market to determine what its acceptance will be. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Product/Service Management)
75. A
Computer-aided design. Computer-aided design (CAD) is a type of software program that allows users to draw two- or three-dimensional illustrations on a computer. Many types of businesses use CAD software to design their products and use them as a blueprint for constructing the products. The program offers businesses the flexibility to customize products. Photo management, freeform application, and remote access are not types of software programs that businesses use to plan, build, modify, or customize products.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Hunt, J. (2005, December 22). Definition of computer aided design (CAD) software. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Definition-of-Computer-AidedDesign-(CAD)-Software&id=117506
76. B
Demographic changes. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that people are willing to buy. Individuals often discover product opportunities by simply being aware of changes that are occurring around them. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. Age is a demographic characteristic of the population or market segment. As a segment of the population ages, its wants and needs change. When an individual recognizes physical and social changes, s/he has identified a product opportunity due to demographic shifts. Personal attitudes are psychographic factors. Psychographics are a market segment's shared attitudes, opinions, and values. Geographic limitations relate to a specific location or region such as hilliness or a lack of water. Economic resources are the human and natural resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2006). Entrepreneurship and small business management (pp. 52-54). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made to the consumer that a product's purchase price will be refunded if the product is not satisfactory. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. An express warranty is a warranty that is written or expressed verbally. A special guarantee is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
78. B
Unqualified business operators. In some types of businesses, sellers of products must purchase a license to operate a business. The business must follow government regulations to retain its license and stay in business. This protects consumers from unqualified business operators. Lawsuits, government inquiries, and product recalls can occur regardless of whether the business is licensed to operate.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: PM LAP 7—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
79. B
Encourage long-term use. Product bundling is the practice of putting together a number of goods/services to create a one-price package. Most often, the bundled package is priced so it costs the customer less than if s/he purchased each product separately. Product bundling is often a method that a business uses to get customers to try a product that they normally would not purchase. The hope is that once the customers use the product, they will like it and continue to purchase it, thereby encouraging long-term use. Increasing sales quotas, controlling expenses, and obtaining referrals are not primary reasons for bundling products.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 356]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
80. C
False, all elements of the marketing mix should complement the intended position. One or two elements of the marketing mix may be primary, but all need to be coordinated for successful product/service positioning.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products)
81. C
Can the product be easily identified by a brand? The product to be branded should not be too homogeneous, or similar, to others like it. The firm needs to project probable income from the product in order to determine profitability, but it would be impossible to know how much total sales revenue would be. If any other company is using a brand, the brand is not legally available. Any product can be sold without a trademark.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World (Product Branding)
82. A
Corporate. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Disney is an example of a corporate brand. The Disney theme parks and resorts, Touchstone films, ABC and ESPN television networks, and consumer products, including the Baby Einstein products, are areas within the Disney corporate brand. Product brands are the combined impressions, images, and experiences associated with a particular good, service, or product line. Loyalty and universal are not types of brands.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Dhruv, G., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (p. 284). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. A
Is necessarily biased. Consumers know that the advertiser must present the product in the best possible light, while product weaknesses are not mentioned. Advertising does not necessarily raise the price of a product. Most advertising is not meant to be misleading since misleading ads are illegal. Directing advertising toward a mass audience would not cause customers to doubt the information presented.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
84. B
They provide a higher standard of living. The benefits of a promotional activity for consumers is a higher standard of living, which makes consumers aware of the goods and services available to meet their needs. The use of promotional activities does not ensure that an economy will grow. The increase in the number of products available and the generation of profits are benefits to the companies that offer the products.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
85. C
Gender stereotypes. A gender stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person on the basis of sex. Promotional messages that use stereotyping tend to unfairly categorize people, which presents an ethical issue, because these messages often validate a person's existing or biased viewpoint. Promotional messages that portray men or women in certain roles do not always reinforce brand recognition. Cultural bias occurs when someone stereotypes another person on the basis of his/her cultural background. Demographic data is information that a business gathers about segments of the population. The business collects demographic data before it develops the promotional message for its target market.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 118]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
86. C
Fraud. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. The nature of promotional activities, such as sweepstakes and contests, indicates that the activities can and have been carried out in ways that deceive or unfairly treat participants. Therefore, governments often develop and enforce laws that protect consumers from deceptive or unfair practices which relate specifically to sweepstakes and contests. Tax evasion occurs when a business avoids paying monies that it owes the government. Slander is a verbal statement that one party makes with the intent to harm another party's character. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on the prices of their goods and services.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 133, 141, 572]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
87. C
Newspapers. More than 25% of all advertising media expenditures is in newspapers. Because most local consumers can be reached through newspaper advertising, this is an excellent way for small businesses to reach their target markets. Because magazines are not published on a daily basis and very often are targeted for a larger audience, a small business would be better off investing in newspaper advertisements. Radio may not reach the business's target market. Television is usually too expensive for a small business owner.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
88. A
Increased sales. Word-of-mouth communication is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. This type of positive communication often leads to increased sales for the business because it attracts new customers. When satisfied customers tell others about their positive experiences, they are encouraging others to buy from the business. This will not decrease advertising costs because the business still needs to advertise. Advertising is an operating expense. Word-of-mouth communication does not increase the product mix, which is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet the needs of its market and its company goals.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 662-666]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. D
Media kit. The public-relations function involves establishing good relationships between the business and the public. A business tries to maintain positive relationships with different groups that make up the public, such as employees, shareholders, local businesses, government officials, and the media. It is important for a business to build positive relationships with the media because they have access to large groups of people through the airwaves and their publications. Often, a business provides newspaper and magazine publishers and television and radio stations with media kits that provide information about the business and its employees. It is the business's goal that the media will air or publish news stories that portray the business in a favorable way, which provides positive publicity. The public-relations director did not develop a sponsorship program, creative brief, or advertising profile.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Donnelly, T. (2010, September 10). How to put together a press kit. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://www.inc.com/guides/2010/09/how-to-put-together-a-press-kit.html
90. C
Damage control. In some cases, businesses use public-relations activities to counter negative publicity or to respond to negative information. This is an example of controlling the damage that may have been caused by a specific incident. For example, if the media reports that a product has been tampered with and resulted in injury to some customers, a business would use public-relations activities to reassure the public that every attempt was being made to keep the product safe. This helps to control the negative information and maintain good relations with the public. Product research, market segmentation, and sales management are not functions of public-relations activities.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 660-661]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. D
Employees. Most businesses provide information to employees, the business's main internal audience. Providing information is a public-relations activity because it is intended to maintain good relations with employees. Employees tend to work more effectively and have higher morale when they are well informed and have accurate information about the business's plans and goals. Providing accurate information also reduces rumors, which may have a negative impact on employees. Suppliers, labor unions, and community leaders are not internal audiences, although they have direct contact with many businesses.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 358]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
92. C
External. An external analysis is an examination of what is occurring outside the business. It examines not only the business's target market but also the competition. The information gathered in the external analysis helps the business to prepare a promotional plan that will appeal to current and potential customers and make the business competitive. An internal analysis is an examination of what is occurring within the business. Personal and regional are not types of analysis used in developing promotional plans.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: John, C. (n.d.). How to write a promotional plan. Retrieved November 6, 2013, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/write-promotional-plan-25525.html
93. D
Stock. When merchandise is promoted, customers expect to be able to obtain it immediately. Businesses should make sure that they have sufficient stock on hand to meet demand. If supplies are limited, the promotional efforts should make this clear to the customers. Having enough employees to handle customer needs is important but not necessarily related to the merchandise that is selected. Time and money are important only as they affect the ability to obtain stock.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Keller, K.L. (2006). Marketing management (12th ed.) [pp. 18-20]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
94. B
Two-way communication. Salespeople use two-way communication to determine customer needs so that they can suggest appropriate products. This communication process helps to clarify in customers' minds exactly what their needs are. The overall role of selling includes adding utility, increasing employment, and promoting competition.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. D
Build long-term partnerships. Customer service benefits sales organizations by helping to build profits. Providing quality customer service influences profits by helping to build long-term partnerships with current customers. Maintaining a relationship with a current customer is less expensive and timeconsuming than generating new customer relationships. Therefore, loyal customers generate repeat business and lead to more profit. Providing quality customer service in sales does not necessarily enable businesses to create effective advertisements, develop operating guidelines, or motivate employees to achieve goals.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
96. B
Customer wants and needs. There are many forces operating in the business environment over which the business has little or no control. These external factors include customer wants and needs, actions of competitors, availability of raw materials, and social concerns. The other alternatives are internal factors.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: SE LAP 121—Sell Right (Selling Policies)
97. C
Sets unreasonable sales quotas for its salespeople. Ethics are the principles that guide an individual's actions and provide guidance for right and wrong behavior. When a business sets unreasonable sales quotas for its salespeople, it is not behaving ethically. In fact, these types of actions tend to lower the sales staff's morale and productivity because the business is setting them up for failure by establishing out-of-reach goals. Developing sales policies for sales staff, reviewing competitors' promotional materials, and establishing a cooperative advertising program with a vendor are ethical actions.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—in Sales (Selling Ethics)
98. B
Hidden. Hidden benefits are advantages that cannot be seen or understood without the assistance of a salesperson. Comfort and safety are examples of benefits that may not be apparent to a customer unless a salesperson explains them. Being thoroughly competent in pointing out the benefits of products will enable salespeople to increase sales. Unique or exclusive benefits are benefits that a competitor's good or service does not possess. Obvious benefits are advantages of a product which are apparent, plain to see, and easily recognizable.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
99. C
Emotional. Motivational theories often classify the reasons for buying into three main categories. One is emotional, which states that the motives for buying involve an appeal to the customer's emotions or feelings. One emotional motivator is fear, which influences customers to buy certain products to be safe and protected against injury. An example is buying a certain vehicle because it is equipped with various types of safety devices. Emotion is a strong motivator, and one that salespeople appeal to in order to sell products. Rational motives are reasons for buying that appeal to the sense of reason or judgment. Logic is an objective, or neutral, way to make sense of the facts by considering some facts more important than others. Patronage motives are reasons for buying that are based on loyalty to a particular business.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 160-163]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
100. C
Management. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. The functions of management include planning, organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Economizing is deciding how scarce resources will be used. Research is an investigation or inquiry.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1103
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Appropriation. Torts are civil wrongdoings that cause harm or injury to another party. Appropriation, wrongful interference, defamation, and conversion are four kinds of torts. Appropriation, which Brix Beauty Salon committed, involves a business or person who uses without permission another person's name, likeness, and other unique characteristics for the benefit or gain of the user. Brix Beauty Salon used the celebrity's name and picture to attract customers to the salon. Unfortunately, Brix had not obtained permission to use the celebrity's name or likeness. As a result, the celebrity could sue Brix for appropriation. Wrongful interference consists of predatory behavior undertaken by a business to draw either customers or employees away from a competitor. Defamation involves making false, malicious statements about a person or organization. Conversion occurs when personal property is taken from the owner and given to someone else to use.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [p. 107]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
2. A
Corporation. A corporation acts as a "legal person" in doing business and is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A cooperative is owned and operated by its user-owners to supply goods and services to its members.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
3. B
Channel management. Channel management involves understanding the concepts and processes needed to identify, select, monitor, and evaluate sales channels. This example entails the transfer of ownership of the computers from the manufacturer to the retailer. Promotion involves understanding the concepts and strategies needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Pricing is the marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Product/service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. C
Intermediaries. Intermediaries are also called middlemen and include sales agents, wholesalers, and retailers who perform specific functions in the movement of goods from producers to consumers. Direct channels of distribution do not involve intermediaries. All channels of distribution involve producers and either industrial or ultimate consumers.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Green marketing. Green marketing refers to the practice of pricing, promoting, and distributing products in such a way that they do not harm the natural environment. Most manufacturers choose to participate in this practice because of their code of ethics. Consumer protection deals with safety features and product labeling standards that protect the consumer. Social awareness is a term used to describe the practice of enlightening the community of business actions to promote social welfare. International marketing refers to marketing goods and services in foreign countries.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 148). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
6. B
Setting appropriate prices. Businesses not only need to make their products available, but they also must sell them at a price that customers are willing to pay. If a product is not priced appropriately, customers usually will not buy even if the product is widely distributed. Therefore, it is important for businesses to coordinate the pricing activities with the appropriate channel members. Businesses must set appropriate prices that customers are willing to pay and have the products in stock when customers want them in order to successfully sell to customers. Coordinating the channel-management function with pricing does not involve implementing accounting policies, earning high profits, or developing product standards.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Lake, L. (n.d.). Developing your marketing mix. Retrieved July 25, 2014, from http://marketing.about.com/od/marketingplanandstrategy/a/marketingmix.htm
7. C
To read useful information. Business employees often read written material to obtain useful information that they can use to apply to a specific task or problem. For the information to be useful, the sources must provide relevant, valid written material. For example, employees might read industry publications to identify trends so the business can take steps to remain competitive. Industry information is relevant and valid and useful to businesses. It is not important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material to compile a database, understand business communication, or prepare a routine message.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. xliii, xlvii-xlix, 681-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. D
Training materials. Employees are often expected to read a variety of company resources in order to learn about and understand policies and procedures. Training materials are a type of resource that companies often make available to employees. By analyzing the materials, employees learn about company structure, business strategies, operating policies and procedures, etc. The more employees know and understand about the company, the better able they are to perform effectively and advance in the organization. Sales reports, promotional brochures, and research documents usually do not contain information about company policies and procedures.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2013). Entrepreneurship (pp. 400-401). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
9. C
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker, and its desire to hear what the speaker has to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. D
Concise. Concise messages are clear and short. A courteous message addresses others with respect. Completeness in communication means giving all the information required. Carefully checking all facts and figures for accuracy before delivering a message should ensure correctness.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 117-118]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. A
Organize information. Organizing information helps you to communicate your message to your audience in a meaningful way. One way to organize information is to write down key points on notecards (index cards). Then, you can place the cards in their order of importance or categories. The advantage to using notecards to organize information is that you can move them around and reorganize as needed. When you have the information in the order that you want it in, you can efficiently write an outline, report, manual, or article, or prepare a presentation. Placing key points on notecards and placing the cards in a certain order will not help you access files, revise facts, or verify the information's accuracy.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2014). How to organize a research paper. Retrieved July 24, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_138072_organize-research-paper.html
12. B
Mtg. rescheduled for 3 p.m. An effective subject line for a professional email should summarize the body of the message and make it easy for the recipient to understand the purpose of the email. "Mtg. rescheduled for 3 p.m.", for example, clearly communicates the focus of the email (the meeting) and provides enough information for the recipient to understand why the email was sent to him/her (to inform him/her that the new time for the meeting is 3 p.m.). "New product information" is not specific enough for the recipient to understand what product is the focus of the message. "One more thing . . ." and "Can we talk for a minute?" are vague and provide little information to help the recipient understand the reason for the email.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. A
Make a decision. Informational messages are intended to inform and provide data to the recipients. In many cases, the purpose of an informational message is to help the recipient make a decision. For this to happen, the business employee should explain the situation and include sufficient data. If recipients clearly understand the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the situation, they usually have sufficient information to make a decision. Clear and concise writing enables a recipient to read the message. The letterhead usually includes the business's name, address, and phone number so recipients are able to contact the business. Explaining the situation and including sufficient data does not guarantee that the recipient will agree with the content.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 430]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 204-205). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. B
Body language. Body language is gestures, facial expression, tone of voice, or any other form of communicating without words. An employee's body language conveys a message to customers. For example, if an employee is talking to one customer and ignores a new customer, the employee's body language is telling the new customer that s/he is not important. On the other hand, an employee who smiles or motions that s/he will be with the customer shortly is communicating an interest in providing good service. Employees usually do not communicate their social status to customers. The verbal and nonverbal communications employees use during the closing statements indicate their interest in being of service, not the closing statements themselves. Informal product demonstrations do not communicate interest in providing good service to customers.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. C
Hidden. Customers sometimes conceal the real complaint by stating another believable but secondary reason for their dissatisfaction. A sincere complaint is an honestly felt dissatisfaction. A service complaint results from poor service, and a business complaint is customer dissatisfaction with the business in general.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 240-241). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
17. B
Delivering on the company's brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. By delivering on their company's brand promise, employees can reinforce the company's positive image among customers. These employees become brand ambassadors, communicating the company's vision, mission, and brand through their actions and words, both on the job and off. Developing a broad product/service mix does not necessarily reinforce the company's positive image. Betraying a company by sharing its intellectual property with competitors does nothing to reinforce the company's positive image. Prestige pricing and price skimming do not reinforce a company's positive image in every case.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Lebard, P., Rendleman, K., & Dolan, K. (n.d.). Delivering the brand promise through employees. Retrieved July 25, 2014, from http://www.mmc.com/knowledgecenter/viewpoint/archive/lebard2006.php
18. C
Time. Time utility is created when products are available at the time they are needed or wanted by customers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to customers. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods and services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
19. D
Quality control. Ensuring that products meet predetermined standards for excellence is known as quality control, and it is part of operations. Purchasing and inventory management are also part of operations, but purchasing refers to acquiring necessary goods and services, and inventory management means supervising inventory levels to make sure there is an appropriate balance. Strategic management refers to the business's plans and goals for the future.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
20. A
Technology. Technologies of all types have enabled global markets to function effectively. As examples, refrigeration has enabled perishable products to be transported between countries; and computers have facilitated communication and exchange of payments. Government, culture, and exchange rates have both facilitated and hampered global trade.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [pp. 60-61]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
21. B
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce (limited) customer dollars. In order to be competitive, businesses must try to offer consumers quality products at fair prices. The profit motive is the desire to make a profit, which moves people to invest in business. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices usually occurring when demand exceeds supply. Resources are limited in all economic systems.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
22. B
Excise. Excise is a special government tax on certain items, such as gasoline. Government collects several kinds of taxes from businesses. Businesses are responsible for collecting income and social insurance taxes from employees and sales, excise, and duty taxes from customers. Businesses pay tax on their income and property, and they also pay fees for licenses and permits. Subsidy is government financial help given to a business. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by government that promise to pay bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. Discount is the amount by which the price of something is reduced.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. C
Steward. Union stewards are called shop stewards, and they are union members elected by their peers to handle any grievances or problems members might have with management. A union president's responsibilities involve leading the union as a whole rather than assisting individuals. A mediator is involved in union negotiations, clarifying issues, and making suggestions concerning the contract. An arbitrator also assists with negotiations. In binding arbitration, this person's decisions regarding the contract are final and cannot be changed.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5 Get United (Organized Labor)
24. B
It makes acquiring foreign companies more expensive. One disadvantage of weak currency is making the acquisition of foreign companies more expensive since domestic currency doesn't go as far overseas. Reduction of business profits and a negative effect on the balance of trade are disadvantages of strong currency, not weak currency. Weak currency makes buying imports more expensive, not less expensive.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: EC LAP 30 Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
25. D
Goals. Different cultures have different goals when it comes to business negotiations. For some, only a signed contract will do. For others, creating relationships equals success. Different cultures also have different attitudes (win-win v. win-lose), schedules (open-ended v. time-sensitive), and styles (informal v. formal); however, achieving a contract v. achieving a relationship pertains to negotiation goals.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
26. B
We don't want to brag. It's sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths. We don't want to seem as if we're bragging or "stuck up". However, recognizing our talents, abilities, and the things we do well is a healthy and acceptable thing to do. Everyone has strengths. Weaknesses are not more significant than strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Your Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. D
Alertness and assertiveness. Alertness and assertiveness are two personal characteristics that are interdependent with initiative. A sales representative can show initiative by being alert to information about competitors and being assertive enough to express his/her views. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Resourcefulness helps you to make the best of any situation. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal needs, interests, values, and motives and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2 Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
28. A
Negative. People who have negative attitudes do not like to assist others. They are usually self-centered and focus only on their own needs. People who are productive and innovative are positive people. Indifferent people lack concern about or interest in things.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
29. A
Respecting the privacy. When employees respect the privacy of others in the workplace, they are more likely to gain the trust and respect of their coworkers and managers. Respecting coworkers' privacy means that an employee does not read correspondence that is not addressed to him/her. In addition, the employee does not listen to others' private conversations or go through their personal belongings. In the example, Amanda waited until her coworker Jeff returned from lunch to obtain a file that she needed. Because she did not go through Jeff's workspace, she was respecting rather than violating his privacy. The example does not indicate that Amanda's intention was to correct Jeff's work or to reinforce his efforts she simply needed to review information in the file.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 267). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. D
Aggressive. Offensive behavior is unpleasant or displeasing. Assertive behavior is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Passive behavior is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
31. D
Productivity. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). The overall output of all employees is often increased when businesses use teams because workers who feel they are an important part of a team often work harder and produce more. Other reasons that teams are important to businesses are that they reduce costs and workplace conflicts. Teams do not increase procrastination putting off until tomorrow what should have been done today.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6 Lean on Me (Teamwork Skills)
32. A
The agreed upon option is not always each person's first choice. Consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member. This means that for everyone to agree, the option doesn't have to be each group member's first choice, but an option that has been presented and agreed upon as acceptable by all members of the group. Minority rule means that a few people in the group make the decision. Consensus is not minority rule, is not rule by a single leader, and cannot be reached without each group member's input and agreement, which often requires compromise.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19 It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
33. B
Good visions have permanent results. A vision is a desire for the future that is achieved over time with determination and hard work. Good visions create positive results and may involve the input of many people over a long period of time. Visions are not based on mission statements, nor do they start out with specific goals. Visions are timeless rather than time bound.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11 Picture This!
34. A
Being cooperative. Being a good listener is an example of being cooperative in the process of building positive working relationships. Being cooperative involves valuing the work of others as much as you value your own work. If someone needs help or is falling behind, you do your best to support him/her. This includes listening attentively when your coworker is communicating with you. Being a good listener is not an example of carrying your own weight. It may go along with getting to know others and having a good attitude, but it is best as an example of being cooperative.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5 Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. A
Store of value. Money functions as a store of value when it is saved rather than spent. The money can be held over time, and it retains value for future purchasing power. In some situations, money is invested or placed in an account that generates more value. Money also serves as a medium of exchange. This occurs when money is used to obtain goods and services. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service. Money also functions as a measure of value. When money functions as a measure of value, the individual holding the money assesses what s/he is willing to pay for a good or service, thereby communicating the product's value or worth.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
36. A
The first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing how you spend your money understanding your spending habits is the first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing your spending habits does not guarantee that you will exceed your financial goals. Although it's helpful to know how many checks you expect to write in a month, you don't need to understand your spending habits to open a bank account.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. B
Transaction fees. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. It is important to make these comparisons to determine inconsistencies and mistakes. If a check is not recorded correctly, and if the mistake is not caught, the individual runs the risk of having insufficient funds in his/her checking account, which results in bounced checks. Some financial institutions charge transaction fees for checking accounts, so it is important to make sure that those fees are subtracted from the checking account balance. Accumulated interest and payroll deposits are added to the checking account balance rather than subtracted from it. Check numbers are not subtracted from the checkbook when reconciling bank statements and checkbook balances.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (pp. 193-195). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
38. C
Commercial bank. A commercial bank provides a variety of financial services to individuals and businesses. Besides providing savings accounts and other savings options, banks also make loans and offer credit cards. Many large banks have trust departments and help individuals plan for retirement. Depending on the size of the bank, it may be possible to obtain all necessary financial services from that institution. The stock market itself does not provide financial services. A taxation department collects various types of taxes. A retirement community provides housing rather than financial services.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (pp. 179-181). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
39. C
Financial loss. A decrease in the availability of raw materials, supplies, or products needed by a business are economic risks that can result in financial loss for the business. For example, a decrease in the availability of petroleum can cause business's transportation costs to skyrocket. High interest rates is a business condition that can create economic risks. The involvement of government in the regulation of business may cause financial loss for some businesses. High turnover, rather than low turnover, is an economic risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
40. A
Legal considerations. There are laws that regulate the reporting of financial information. Since accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records, all businesses need to be aware of legal considerations and understand what is legal and what is not. For example, there are laws regulating the way that businesses report income and pay taxes. If businesses violate the law, they may be fined or face other types of legal action. With regard to the accounting process, it is not necessary for all businesses to be aware of management styles, system specifications, or research techniques.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: SOX-Online. (2003-2012). Sarbanes-Oxley essential information. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.sox-online.com/basics.html
41. A
Liability. Liabilities are the financial obligations a business has. In Claudia's case, the money she still owes on her office equipment is considered a liability. To find the net worth of her business, she must subtract her total liabilities from her total assets. This gives her an accurate picture of her business's health. A liquid asset is cash or any asset that can be quickly converted into cash. Accounts receivable are money owed to the business for purchases made by customers. Dividends are sums of money paid to investors or stockholders as earnings on investments.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 74). South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. B
Has cash available to use. The cash conversion cycle is the ratio that reflects the number of days between a company paying for raw materials and receiving cash from selling the products made from those raw materials. The longer this period of time, the longer the company's money is tied up and unavailable for other uses. Therefore, a financial manager strives to keep the cash conversion cycle as short as possible, so that the business has more free cash to work with. A dividend is the amount of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The profit margin is a product pricing consideration. The profit margin is the amount of money that a business earns on sales after expenses and is expressed as a ratio. Liquid assets are things of value that the business owns, which can be quickly converted to cash.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7 Money Matters (Role of Finance)
43. C
Staffing the business. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. Staffing is an important function because hiring and keeping qualified employees will contribute to the success of the business. Employees who are capable and hardworking usually help the business to achieve its goals and be successful. It is not possible to completely eliminate turnover. Management usually decides if it needs to expand and create more jobs. Human resources management administers the compensation package, but it is not responsible for reducing compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. A
Providing salespeople with additional training. Data may show that salespeople need additional training for a certain product. This is something marketers want to provide so sales and profits can be as high as possible. Determining what new products to offer, deciding which wholesalers to use for distribution, and budgeting for product development are all activities that should take place before a product hits the market.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12 Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
45. A
Obscure relationships. Advances in technology have created software that allows for real-time analysis of marketing information. The benefit of this software to businesses is that it enables them to search many databases and identify obscure relationships. The software allows businesses to analyze the data as it is collected and compare it with information stored in many other databases. For example, real-time analysis might discover that a customer applying for store credit has the same telephone number as another customer who recently declared bankruptcy. This information would be immediately made available to the credit manager. Pricing strategies are plans for setting prices. A hidden objection is a real objection the customer does not want brought out in the open. Distribution channels are paths, or routes, that goods or services take from the producer to the ultimate consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 261). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
46. B
Narrow the focus of the research if necessary. Many businesses allocate a specific amount in the budget for marketing research. If the amount will not cover the expense of the entire research project, then the business should stop at this point or narrow the focus of the project to the part that would be most useful at that time. The steps in the marketing-research process must be taken in a specific order, and none of them can be skipped. Starting a project and then telling the researcher to stop or cutting the project in half would not be effective.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
47. A
Identify a new market opportunity. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about a specific issue, situation, or concern. To remain competitive in the marketplace, businesses conduct marketing research. One way to remain competitive in the marketplace is to identify, select, and distribute products to a new market segment, whose identification requires marketing research. If the business finds that a new market opportunity is feasible, it might decide to increase its sales staff, coordinate new marketing activities, or analyze financing options. Analyzing financing options is a business activity rather than a marketing-research activity.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 14, 52]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. A
Variable. A variable is any factor that is subject to change. Sometimes, the economy is the variable that marketers want to study through research. A case study is an in-depth analysis of a person, group, or event. An experiment is a marketing-research method that tests cause and effect by test marketing new products or comparing test groups with control groups. A hypothesis is a proposed explanation for something.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: IM LAP 14 Better By Design (Marketing Research Design Methods)
49. D
Attitude. Semantic-differential rating scales are used to measure attitude. Research participants are asked to check the box that best describes their feelings. Each box on the scale contains an adjective or phrase, such as courteous or discourteous. By checking a box, respondents indicate their attitude or how they feel about statements. Behavior is the manner in which individuals act. Personality is an individual's qualities or traits and behavior. Talent is an individual's aptitude for learning specific skills.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 348-350]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. D
Volume-tracking scanner. A scanner is an electronic device that reads or translates codes that are placed on products and enters the product information into a computer. Scanners are commonly used during a sales transaction, which is the point of purchase. This is a popular method of collecting information about customers' buying habits and inventory status because the scanning system can track large volumes of goods. Once enough data are collected, researchers evaluate the data to determine how fast or slow certain products are moving, which is information they can use to make business decisions. Photographic scanners, email surveys, and statistical surveys are not data-collection methods that researchers use during the point-of-purchase process.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 256-257]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. A
Consumers buy between four and eight widgets per week. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. In the example, four was the smallest number of widgets purchased, and eight was the largest number. The distance between four and eight is the range. Range is often used to describe the relation between numbers, such as the variation between the number of widgets purchased. Mean is the average, such as consumers buying an average of six widgets per week. Mode is the most common response, such as most consumers buy five widgets per week. Median is the exact middle, such as half of all consumers buying more than four widgets per week.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 445-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. C
Sample design. When collecting information, researchers usually select a sample of the target population to contact or include in the study. The design of this sample may lead to errors in the research. Researchers need to make sure the sample they select accurately represents the target population. For example, errors may occur if all those in the sample are 20-year-old males who live in one small city, but the research involves all men between the ages of 18 and 50. Interview location, key summary, and project purpose are not sources of error in the research process.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (p. 136). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
53. D
Inconsistent collection method. Secondary data are information that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Marketers collect secondary data from a variety of sources, such as business websites, research companies, trade associations, and industry journals. Although secondarydata sources can be inexpensive and provide current information, researchers must be careful to examine the way in which the source collected information. If the source publishes statistical data it has collected in an inconsistent or subjective way, the data may be skewed or exhibit bias. Industry approval, reasonable prices, and Internet accessibility are advantages associated with secondary-data sources.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 164-165]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. D
Marketing-information management. This function involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid in making marketing decisions. The findings from marketing-information management are used in product/service management to guide product development and improvement. The selling function involves determining customer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. The promotion function is marketing function needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1 Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
55. A
Business goals. The goals or objectives of a business are the things the business wants to attain. A particular share of the industry market might be a business's goal. The promotional mix is the combination of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. Channels of distribution are the paths, or routes, that goods or services take from the producer to the ultimate consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2 Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
56. C
Psychographic. Market segmentation is dividing the market into groups that have similar characteristics. Segmenting markets helps businesses identify the people who are most likely to buy their products. Businesses segment markets in different ways. In the example, the athletic apparel store used psychographics to divide the market, which means that the market is divided on the basis of a lifestyle choice running. Geographic segmentation involves dividing a market on the basis of location (e.g., zip code). Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. A business that segments the market on the basis of demographics considers factors such as the age, gender, and ethnicity of the population. Rate of usage is a type of behavioral segmentation, which involves dividing customers into groups according to their response to a product.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
57. B
Presentation. Presentation is the way in which the information is communicated. It addresses such factors as clarity of language used, sufficiency of font size, clarity of layout, effectiveness of colors, usefulness of graphics or photos, clarity of audio or video (if included), and helpfulness of any animation used. Presentation is particularly important on the Web since so much time is spent reading online. Relevance deals with whether the information pertains to the topic being researched. Objectivity deals with presenting unbiased information. Timeliness deals with how up to date the information is; however, the importance of timeliness will vary from topic to topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Cornell University Library. (2014, February 13). Evaluating web sites: Criteria and tools. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://olinuris.library.cornell.edu/ref/research/webeval.html
58. D
Information systems. An information system is a method of gathering, storing, and analyzing data for the purpose of making business decisions. Businesses acquire vast amounts of information that must be stored and analyzed to make it useful. An effective information system enables a business to quickly and accurately process information and use that information to make decisions. Businesses do not develop operating procedures, survey methods, or management policies to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Rouse, M., & Martinez, C. (2011, March). IS (information system or information services). Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/IS-information-systemor-information-services
59. C
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity. Today, connectivity may be by dial-up to telephone lines, through broadband technology, or through wireless routers. All people around the world do not have access to an Intranet or an Extranet. Broadband is a type of technology.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 223). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. B
Include voice narration. Many multimedia software programs have options that allow sound (e.g., voice or ringing bell) to be included to add interest to the presentation. Sound should be appropriately placed and pertinent to the presentation theme. Businesses use spreadsheet software to make, document, and calculate numerical data. Businesses do not use presentation software to analyze organizational progress.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
To handle returns. Businesses, such as retailers, keep a financial record of each sales transaction and give a copy of the record, a receipt, to the customer. When a customer returns an item, a business uses the information in the financial record to issue the customer a refund or a credit. The return transaction also becomes a part of the business's financial records. Businesses do not keep records of sales transactions in order to cancel orders. Rebates are a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. They are usually offered by the product's manufacturer rather than by retailers. Expenses are monies the business spends, whereas sales transactions usually result in income.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1 Record It (Business Records)
62. A
Protecting consumer privacy. Businesses are becoming more concerned with ways of protecting consumer privacy because of the new technology that makes it easy to gather and disseminate personal information. The rapid growth of electronic commerce, which enables consumers to purchase products online, also enables businesses to collect information about credit cards, personal preferences, and buying habits that many consumers prefer to keep private. In response to a growing concern on the part of consumers, businesses are trying to develop techniques that will protect consumer privacy not only online but also from other types of abuses. Economic expansion and marketing research are fundamental business activities rather than current trends. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. C
Consumer spending habits. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining economic, political, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect the business, the business can take steps to ward off the threats and to take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Consumer spending habits are an economic factor that might be a threat or an opportunity. If spending is increasing because the economy is healthy, businesses will be able to increase production and sell more. Global trade regulations are a political factor. Local demographics and restricted sales territories are not economic factors.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Boundless. (n.d.). Scanning and analysis. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from https://www.boundless.com/marketing/the-marketing-environment/the-marketingenvironment/scanning-and-analysis/
64. A
Inspection. Checking a sample item for defects after it has already been produced is part of a process known as quality inspection. Quality assurance is a process businesses use to prevent defective products from being created, not just to eliminate or correct them after they've already been produced. Quality guarantee and quality delivery are not traditional terms used in operations or quality control.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. C
Taking shortcuts. Employees who are learning a new skill should work slowly and cautiously, and avoid taking shortcuts. The quickest way is not necessarily the best way to complete tasks. Employees should practice the new skill using the appropriate steps and following the order in which they were instructed to use them. Employees who are learning a new skill should ask questions, follow rules, and act safely.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 113]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. D
Platform project. An author's new book is an example of a platform project, one that creates something entirely new. A derivative project enhances, adds to, or extends an existing project. A breakthrough project relies on the use of new technology. An R&D project takes on new visions or pursuits for the business.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
67. A
Develop accurate job descriptions. Before identifying the right people to work on a project, it is important to develop accurate descriptions of the jobs these people will need to perform. The descriptions should explain exactly what is involved such as qualifications, education, or experience. Then, match the skills of project members to the job descriptions to find the people who will be able to do the work. It is not important to select necessary supplies, ask for contributions, or prepare specifications before identifying the right people to work on a project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19 Get What You Need
68. B
Set goals. It is important to develop a clear understanding of the project's objectives or goals. Without a clear understanding of the desired outcome, a project manager cannot effectively develop a schedule, negotiate terms, or monitor project progress.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18 Make It Happen
69. B
Make them competitive with similar products. Updating or altering an existing product is a good way to compete effectively with similar products produced by other companies. Changing products is usually much less expensive than creating new products. Updated or altered products are not new products but new versions of old products. Changing products does not help the business to plan quantities since it does not know how well the revised product will sell. Being able to use a known production process would not be a valid reason for updating or altering products.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
70. C
Process orientation. Process orientation is a focus on how things are done, rather than just outcomes. It is a central principle of ISO 9000. Lean production is maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Continual improvement is a focus on increasing efficiency and effectiveness in all areas of the organization. Concurrent engineering is performing the stages of product design and development simultaneously, instead of one after another.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
71. D
Positioning. Innovation is the lifeblood of business, helping firms to stay competitive and to move forward. There are four specific types of innovation: product, process, positioning, and paradigm. Product innovation involves the development of totally new or improved products. Process innovation involves improving of some aspect of a process (e.g., manufacturing process). Positioning innovation involves identifying new, different ways to position a product or a company. LXT capitalized on positioning innovation by finding a different way to position its audio books in the marketplace. Paradigm innovation is a shift in the way of thinking that causes change.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18 Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
72. D
Asking questions. Before individuals can make decisions, they need to obtain information about the problem or situation. One way of gathering information is to ask questions of friends, family, coworkers, or supervisors. Asking questions enables individuals to gather additional information that may be useful in helping them to make good decisions. Watching movies, writing letters, and reading novels are not ways of obtaining information to use in decision making.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
73. B
Increased stress. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Employees who do not manage their time effectively often experience increased levels of stress. They find that they do not have the time to complete their tasks at work, and feel overwhelmed and under pressure to get everything done. The stress may follow them home and impact on their relationships with family and friends. Employees who are unable to effectively manage their time often experience increased pressure and tension, and decreased self-esteem.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1 About Time (Time Management)
74. A
Leaving blank spaces. When completing an employment application, you should answer all the questions and fill in all the blanks. If the question does not pertain to you, write "NA" for not applicable. If you do not know the answer, write "unknown." By filling in all the spaces, you indicate to the employer that you have read all the questions even if you don't have the answers. Employment applications usually require your signature. You should always specify the job for which you are applying and provide exact data on the employment application.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 596). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. A
Interest the employer in interviewing you. The purpose of a letter of application is to catch the interest of the prospective employer so that you will be called in for a personal interview. Few employees are hired without a personal interview. The letter of application should tell the employer how you found out about the job, but that is not a basic purpose of the letter. The letter should touch on your work history and job skills, but the complete details should be presented in your résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. A
Connect with others who might help them accomplish professional goals. People engage in networking activities by communicating with customers, friends, family, teachers, and former coworkers. Networking often provides people with information regarding work-related opportunities, such as job openings. Although networking is often used to develop a list of sales prospects and contacts, many people are not involved in selling activities in their occupation. Career-networking activities are primarily used to improve or enhance work-related situations rather than social standing. Obtaining letters of recommendation is often a result of networking activities. However, it is not always the primary reason why people network.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (pp. 138-140). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Competitive. When a similar product is offered by other businesses, a business needs to be aware of the prices of those businesses. If not, the business will probably lose customers because it is not competitive. Businesses must be willing to adjust their prices, depending on the circumstances faced by the business. Changes in the economy, demand, and other factors can affect pricing.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2 The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. A
Below-cost pricing. When a company prices its products below cost, it makes it difficult for other companies to compete with the low prices, which they cannot afford to charge, and might eventually force them out of business. To prevent this situation from happening, many governments have laws that make it illegal for businesses to use below-cost pricing. When a business charges one price for all items it sells, it is using a one-price policy. Price skimming is a pricing strategy that involves setting prices higher than those of the competition. Markup is the difference between the cost of a product and its selling price.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 535-537, 544, 549-550). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. A
Improve existing products. As a result of advances in technology, new materials and operating techniques have been developed. These materials and techniques have made it possible for businesses to improve existing products. This impacts the product/service management function because it enables businesses to extend the life of existing products and keep them on the market. Businesses have found that it is usually less expensive to update existing products than to develop entirely new products. Advances in technology are allowing businesses to do this. Advances in technology often help to reduce human errors but cannot completely eliminate them. Advances in technology often make production systems more complex because they rely on complicated computer systems. Businesses are not able to control customer preferences.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003-2010). Pros and cons of improving or changing existing products. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/marketing/pros_and_cons_of_improving_or_chan ging_existing_products_023885.html
80. D
Anywhere there is an un- or under-met need. People can recognize unmet or under-met needs wherever they are. This could be at work or where they are enjoying their hobbies. When people have their needs satisfied, product opportunities don't exist. It's when there's a problem or situation that isn't being taken care of that people can find product opportunities.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 80-83]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
81. D
Market opportunity. When a situation exists to fulfill a market's unmet needs, there is a market opportunity. Entrepreneurs and businesses use creative-thinking techniques during the productdevelopment process, which involves finding ways to take advantage of the market opportunity that presents itself. Mind mapping is a creative-thinking technique that involves generating ideas by making associations. To begin the mind-mapping process, you write the problem or market opportunity in the center of a large sheet of paper. From that starting point, you draw lines to other words or phrases that relate to the main idea (problem, or market opportunity), and continue the process by making associations, which generates ideas and identifies possible solutions. The mind-mapping starting point does not begin by writing down supporting facts or primary associations. A situational analysis is a determination of a firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11 Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Techniques for Generating Ideas)
82. C
False; implied warranties are valid. There was a time when only express warranties held up in court, but today's courts recognize implied warranties as valid. Express warranties are warranties that are in writing or expressed verbally.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4 Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
83. A
Positioning. Positioning is a product-mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. Businesses must determine the best position to seek for their products because correct positioning is necessary to sales and profits. Positioning can make or break a business's product mix. Contraction is a product-mix strategy in which a business removes, or deletes, product items or product lines from its product mix. Alteration is a product-mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its products or product lines. Expansion is a product-mix strategy in which a business expands its product mix by adding additional product items or product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
84. B
Subhead. A subhead, or subheadline, adds information to that expressed in the headline. It is usually positioned below the headline and set in slightly smaller size type. The tag line is a slogan used in an advertisement. It may be part of the identification element, the part of the ad that identifies the product's brand or advertiser. White space is the blank space in a print advertisement that is unoccupied by text or illustrations.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 471). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. D
To differentiate their products. Companies want their products to be perceived as different from those of other companies. They can do this through the use of brands. Charging higher prices and encouraging materialism are seen by consumers as negative aspects of brands. Creating an appealing brand often requires creativity, but demonstrating creativity is not a purpose of using brands.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
86. B
Direct sales. Touchpoints are the interactions that customers have with the business, and they can be divided into three categories: pre-purchase, purchase, and post-purchase experiences. Direct sales would occur during a purchase experience. Other examples of purchase experience touchpoints are physical stores and contact with customer representatives. Word-of-mouth is an example of a prepurchase touchpoint. Customer satisfaction surveys, and warranty programs are examples of postpurchase experience touchpoints.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Flynn, J. (2013, October 31). Purchase touchpoints: Maximizing the brand experience. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://blog.hultmarketing.com/blog/purchase-touchpointsmaximizing-the-brand-experience
87. D
Demand. Demand for certain products tends to change with the seasons, such as air conditioners for summer. This means that Tim needs to adjust his promotion to meet this change. Technology deals with technological developments, not demand for a product. Legal and political factors deal with government regulations and restrictions, not demand for a product. Cultural and social trends deal with changes in attitudes, lifestyles, and tastes of the consumers, not demand for a product.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. A
Persuade consumers to buy a particular good or service. Product promotion is used to stimulate consumer purchases of goods or services. Showing the company's commitment to technology or research, informing consumers about the company, and changing a particular attitude toward a firm or its product are goals of institutional promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4 Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
89. D
Advertising. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. It is the most visible element of the promotional mix because it can be delivered to a wide range of consumers through a variety of mass media. Sales promotion includes promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate consumer purchases. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual which benefits from it. Personal selling is the form of promotion that uses planned, personalized communication in order to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1 Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
90. A
Odds of winning. In order to operate ethically, businesses that sponsor sweepstakes and contests are required to inform potential participants about the odds of winning. By providing this type of information, businesses are not misleading or deceiving customers about the possibility of winning. Customers have the right to know what their chances of winning are in order to decide if they want to participate. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. A coupon is a certificate or part of a printed advertisement entitling the holder to a reduced purchase price. A sample is a small amount of a product.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: California Department of Consumer Affairs. (2014). Be smart, buy smart: What smart shoppers know about sweepstakes, contests, and lotteries. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.dca.ca.gov/publications/sweep.shtml
91. B
Telemarketing. Telemarketing is an advertising medium that utilizes telephone service to promote a product either by phoning prospective customers or providing a number for them to call. In the past few years, consumer groups have complained that telemarketing has become intrusive, so many governments have started to regulate telemarketing practices. Some governments have developed "do not call" laws. These laws allow customers to register their phone numbers with a "do not call" registry. Qualifying businesses must obtain this list and not call consumers who have registered with the program. If they violate these laws, the businesses may be fined. "Do not call" laws do not regulate contests, Internet downloads, or direct mail.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion(5th ed.) [pp. 142-143]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes in the form of letters, catalogs, postcards, and folders. Direct mail would be the most effective medium because the business can choose the clientele who will receive the promotional message. Broadcast and out-of-home media have limited selectivity. Magazine advertising is selective but costly, and the timing of the message may not be appropriate.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
93. C
Sharing. Viral marketing is a promotional tactic that involves sending or forwarding promotional messages over the Internet (e.g., email, social-media websites, and blogs) to generate buzz about a brand, company, or product. Marketers often use humor, incentives, events, spoofs, videos, and other unusual techniques to spark conversations and encourage people to share their messages with others. It is important for marketers to prepare (stage) and manage the message content; however, staging, managing, and manipulating are not the primary goals of viral marketing.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Baeldal, T. (2006, November 23). 7 tricks to viral web marketing. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.baekdal.com/analysis/viral-marketing-tricks
94. C
Newsletters, annual reports, and the company's website. Public relations involves establishing good relationships between the business and the public. A business tries to maintain positive relationships with different groups that make up the public, such as employees, local businesses, government officials, the media, and the business's shareholders. Because the shareholders are the owners of the company, it is important to develop and maintain positive relationships with them. The public-relations department does this by communicating with them through newsletters, annual reports, the company's website, and online social networks. Print advertisements and commercials are forms of nonpersonal advertising. Businesses use press releases and news conferences to convey information to the media. Policy manuals help guide employees' actions on the job. Consumer blogs can be developed by anyone to communicate positive and negative information about various goods and services. A sponsorship is a partnership in which a company pays a fee to affiliate itself with a team, league, or event.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices(5th ed.) [pp. 432-435]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
95. A
Emotions. Successful positioning appeals to customers' emotions. It connects with their feelings rather than just their logical or rational thoughts. Positioning is not a tangible experience that involves the five senses. A product may be positioned as a "value item," or a way for customers to save money, but not all successful positioning depends on this desire.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19 Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
96. D
Create desire for products. Through the selling process, salespeople are often able to create desire for products by demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services. By presenting the features and benefits, salespeople can explain to customers how the particular products will satisfy their wants and needs. As a result of creating desire, salespeople are often able to sell the product. Demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services does not add usefulness to products, develop new and improved products, or provide jobs for more employees.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
97. A
Leads to repeat business. A company's clientele consists of a body of customers upon which the organization can rely for significant repeat business. These are the customers who return to shop regularly. Other benefits of building a clientele include reduced selling costs, increased sales volume, and personal satisfaction. A loyal clientele does not change the business's image, provide it with a source of workers, or attract well-to-do customers.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115 Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
98. A
Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople. Unethical salespeople often lose customers and create a negative image of their company. Making erroneous statements about competitors or bending the truth to make a sale are typical examples of unethical sales practices. Sales managers must monitor the practices of their sales staff because they are ultimately responsible for the actions and claims of their staff.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129 Keep It Real In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
99. B
Unfair trade. Activities such as stealing a competitor's trade secrets, or attempting to get a competitor's customer to breach a contract, are considered unfair trade practices and are illegal practices in many countries. Consumer protection laws address issues such as product safety, consumer credit, and warranties.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Investopedia (2014). Unfair trade practice. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/unfair-trade-practice.asp
100. A
Customers. Restaurant customers are often an important source of product information because they have tasted and eaten the menu items. Servers can ask customers if they enjoyed the new menu item and if they would order it again. Customers are usually willing to tell a server if the item was good or if they did not like it and why. Servers can use this information when selling the new menu item to other customers. Suppliers might have information about the various ingredients but not about the taste of a new menu item. The cooks would have an opinion, but it might be biased because they made the menu item. Friends would be able to provide the information only if they were customers.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131 Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
Test 1121
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. A
Contract. Contracts are agreements among two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. If one business promises to do something for another business in return for receiving compensation, the two businesses have a contract. Then, the businesses are obligated to fulfill their part of the contract. In most cases, contracts benefit both parties, although promising to do something in return for receiving compensation is not necessarily a benefit. Treaties are trade agreements among two or more countries. An enterprise is another term for a business.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 211-219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Fiduciary. An agent is someone who acts on the behalf of another party. The agent often negotiates contracts and handles legal issues for another person with that person's consent. The agent who shows that s/he is loyal, trustworthy, and acting in the best interest of his/her client (principal) is fostering a fiduciary relationship. Authoritative relationships are based on a particular level of control. Principal is a legal term that describes the client. Legislative processes involve the procedures in which people or governments establish laws.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [p. 625]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
3. D
Personal circumstances, financial needs, and the type of business. Because each business owner's situation is unique, the owner must consider the type of business being operated, the amount of capital that is needed to start the business, and the owner's personal circumstances. For example, an independently wealthy, single person who starts a consulting business has different needs than a chef who has little capital and wants to open a full-service restaurant. Product versatility, advertising strategies, and product mix are not generally considered when determining the appropriate business ownership structure.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. B
Ideal market exposure. When a business takes steps to ensure that a product is available to the target market without over-distributing the product, it is seeking ideal market exposure. If product supply is higher than demand, the business loses money on the unsold products. Therefore, businesses strive to obtain ideal market exposure to satisfy demand but not have a surplus of goods. Exclusive and intensive are distribution patterns. The type of distribution pattern that a business uses depends on its ideal market exposure. Direct distribution is a type of distribution channel in which goods and services move directly from the producer to the consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
5. C
Direct. Direct is a channel of distribution in which goods and services move directly from the producer to the consumer. Indirect is a channel of distribution in which goods and services move from the producer to the channel members and then to consumers or industrial users. Roundabout is not a method of distribution. Intermediaries are channel members who perform the activities needed in getting a good or service from those who produce it to those who consume it.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
6. B
Slotting allowances. A slotting allowance is a cash premium that manufacturers pay to businesses to cover the costs involved in carrying a new product. In many cases, the cash premium is substantial because there is a lot of competition among manufacturers to encourage businesses to carry their products. Often, the manufacturer that offers the largest allowance is the one that gets shelf space for its new product. This may be unethical because small manufacturers that cannot afford to pay large slotting allowances do not have an equal opportunity to distribute their products. The gray market involves buying from unauthorized distributors. Channel strategies are distribution plans. Targeted advertising involves focusing on a specific group.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2009). Contemporary marketing (p. 446). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
7. C
Vertical. Conflict in a distribution channel occurs when there is disagreement among the various channel members. Vertical conflict occurs when there is disagreement between different levels of the same channel. An example of a vertical channel is a manufacturer selling to wholesalers who then sell to retailers. If the manufacturer decides to bypass the wholesalers and sell directly to retailers or stores, conflict may develop within that vertical channel of distribution because the wholesalers are being eliminated. Horizontal conflict occurs among businesses at the same channel level, such as between different franchisees for the same business competing in the same city. Formal and conventional are not types of channel conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 396-400]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin
8. B
Read step one and then perform step one. Repeat this process in sequential order until all of the steps are completed, and you have removed the paper. When assembling or fixing equipment, it is usually easier to understand directions by reading the step, performing the step, and then moving on to the next step in the sequence. By doing so, you are less likely to hurt yourself or the machine. You are more likely to make mistakes (and more likely to hurt yourself or the machine) if you briefly skim the manual, read the manual before performing the steps, perform the steps in reverse order, or perform the step before reading the instructions.
SOURCE: CO:056
SOURCE: eHow. (1999-2015). How to follow written instructions. Retrieved September 3, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_2251998_follow-written-instructions.html
9. C
Can clear up misunderstandings. Asking questions can help you clarify, understand, and clear up misunderstandings. When you're attempting to listen, it's not the time to voice your opinion. By asking questions, you become an active, not passive, participant in the conversation. While asking questions is beneficial, it doesn't help your brain process speech more quickly. Your brain is actually very efficient already; it can process speech four times as fast as people can talk.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: QS LAP 1 Listening: An Active Process
10. A
By site location. When preparing reports, you should organize the content in the way that will make the most sense to the reader. In the example, the supervisor is asking for a status report for different offices, which indicates that the supervisor will likely want to scan the information by location to quickly review the status of each office or site. Another way to organize the information might be by listing each activity (e.g., advertising, sales) with each site's status included in each activity; however, this format may be cumbersome and difficult to determine each site's status at a glance. Presenting facts in chronological order involves describing steps or historical events in the sequence in which they occur. Reverse sequence involves describing steps or historical events in the opposite order.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: University of Washington. (n.d.). Patterns of organization. Retrieved September 2, 2015, from http://faculty.washington.edu/ezent/impo.htm
11. A
Something is being sent with the letter. The word "Enclosure" at the bottom of the page indicates that other material accompanies the letter. This lets the recipient know s/he should look for additional material and lets the sender know if the material was not enclosed. Reference initials indicate who prepared a letter. The copy notation (cc) preceding a name (or names) signifies that copies of the letter were sent to persons other than the addressee. A request for a reply is usually included within the body of the letter.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2011). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/653/01/
12. A
Is written for people who won't read the whole document. The executive summary is often read by people who simply don't have time to read the entire report. That's why it's so important to make sure your executive summary is as accurate and error-free as possible. You don't need to include every point fromthe business report an executive summary should only be about 1/10 the length of the original document. Focus on including only the main points. Avoid using too much technical terminology. The executive summary is often read by people who aren't experts in the field, and it needs to be easily understood by everyone. For the same reason, it's also important to avoid using complex sentences. Remember that the executive summary will often be skimmed by busy people. Help them understand your executive summary by making it as easy-to-read as possible.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: eHow. (2014, October 6). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_16566_write-executive-summary.html
13. A
Downward. Downward communication passes information down the chain of command to employees. This is a frequently used form of communication because supervisors must often provide general information to all workers. Horizontal communication is between persons or departments on an equal level. Upward communication moves from employees up to management. Formal communication may move in any direction, but it would be in the form of a letter, report, etc., rather than a bulletin board memo.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business principles and management (12th ed.) [pp. 247-248]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
14. B
Monopolized the discussion. When participating in a staff meeting, it is important to provide information or make suggestions when appropriate. When one person dominates the discussion, others do not have an opportunity to provide their input. Because Lily spoke for a long time during the meeting, she monopolized the discussion. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Lily provided positive feedback, followed parliamentary procedure, or expressed her opinions clearly.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (pp. 47-48). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
15. C
"I'm not sure, Mr. O'Malley. My coworker, Reggie, knows a lot about this model. If you can wait a moment, I will have him speak with you." If employees do not know the answers to customers' questions, they should try to find another employee who does. This person may be a coworker, supervisor, or an individual who works in another department. To provide good customer service, Thomas should do his best to answer Mr. O'Malley's question as soon as possible. Providing the manufacturer's website address and reading the product manual at a later time are not options that provide prompt customer service. It is inappropriate to give out customers' telephone numbers to others without their permission.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Arringdale, C. (2009). Respond to customer inquiries and complaints promptly. Retrieved September 2, 2015, from www.hr.com/en/app/blog/2009/04/respond-to-customer-inquiriesand-complaints-promp_ft078ka1.html
16. C
Reputation. Negative word-of-mouth advertising due to unresolved customer complaints can cost a business its reputation. Once a reputation has been damaged, it is very difficult to rebuild. Customer complaints should not necessarily cost a business its employees, its facilities, or its licenses.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
17. B
Publish its confidentiality statement. A business can build its customers' trust by communicating that it will not share its customers' confidential information with third parties and that it will take measures to secure online transactions. One way to communicate this commitment is by publishing its confidentiality statement in company brochures, in email messages, and on its website. Developing liberal business policies, hiring employees who have a positive attitude and posting its earnings on its website may help build trust with customers; however, these actions do not communicate the business's commitment to adhering to its ethics.
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: The Vanguard Group. (2014, December). Confidentiality statement. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from https://institutional.vanguard.com/VGApp/iip/site/institutional/confidentialitystatement
18. C
Iron ore. Natural resources include those things that are provided to us by nature. Office equipment is a capital good. Capital goods are materials used in the production of other goods and services. Physical ability is an example of a labor resource. An electrician is a human resource.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
19. C
Demand. In order for demand to exist, consumers must have both the desire and the ability to purchase the product. Supply is the amount of the product that sellers are willing and able to offer for sale at a specified price in a given time period. Market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular moment. Elasticity is an indication of how changes in price will affect changes in the amounts demanded and supplied.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11 It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. D
Test the safety of their products. Every business has the responsibility of producing and/or offering safe, quality products. If businesses fail to be sensitive to the well-being of their product users, the businesses will probably fail. Providing safe working environments and offering job training are ways businesses can be socially responsible to their employees. Contributing to community causes demonstrates social responsibility toward the community.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: EC LAP 70 Business Connections (Business and Society)
21. C
Where they will work. U.S. citizens are free to choose the kind of work they would like to do in order to make a living. They are limited by their own interests, abilities, and training. They are not, however, free to choose which taxes to pay, which laws to obey, or how their employers pay them (e.g., weekly or monthly).
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15 People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
22. D
Costs of running a business. Operating expenses are all the costs of running a business on an everyday basis and include such expenditures as payroll, rent, and utilities. Cost of goods sold is the amount of money a business pays for the products it sells or for the raw materials from which it produces goods to sell. Start-up expenses are the costs of opening a new business. Salaries paid to managers are sometimes considered as part of operating expenses.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
23. A
More goods and services become available, so prices go down. Increased business productivity can create a greater variety of goods and services, and as more products become available, prices are likely to drop. Increased business productivity reduces inflation and increases the gross domestic product per capita.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
24. B
Eroding his/her skills. Long-term unemployment may affect an individual by eroding his/her skills, making it even more difficult to find a job in the future. Unemployment usually does not help a person to build savings or improve her/his mental health. Increased protectionism is an effect of unemployment on the nation and the economy.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: EC LAP 29 Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
25. A
Increase their production. Expansion is a phase of the business cycle characterized by increased spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, increased employment rates, and decreased interest rates on loans. During an expansion phase, businesses are likely to increase their production in order to meet increased consumer demand. Increased production usually results in increased profits.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 64-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
26. D
Everyone is unique. There's no reason to draw distinctions between people because everyone is unique. There's no such thing as "normal." Everyone deserves to be treated with kindness and respect. In many cases, discrimination is illegal, but drawing distinctions between people is something that happens on a personal level and can only be controlled by ourselves.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
27. C
Learn new skills. People with a positive attitude are open-minded and receptive to new ideas and new ways of doing things. This makes it easier for them to learn new skills, techniques, and methods. Being open-minded does not help individuals to remain cheerful or to develop patience. Being intolerant is the result of a negative attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3 Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
28. C
Positive and negative. Too much positive feedback provides no guidance for improvement in job performance. At the same time, too much negative feedback becomes depressing and creates a poor attitude in workers. Therefore, there should be a mix of positive and negative feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15 Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
29. B
Fear. Regardless of whether the change is great or small, many people seem to fear and resist change. Any change has the potential to threaten a person's security. People who are decisive, disciplined, and self-confident may still fear change, but these traits help them to overcome their fears and make necessary changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: Quast, L. (2012, November 26). Overcome the 5 main reasons people resist change. Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/lisaquast/2012/11/26/overcome-the-5-main-reasons-peopleresist-change/
30. B
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place or to see a situation from another person's point of view. Molly can understand how her coworker feels because she was in the same situation two years ago that's empathy. Tact is the ability to do or say the right thing in any circumstances. When you speak tactfully, you consider your words carefully before saying them. It's important that Molly speak tactfully to her new coworker, but that's not what she's doing in this example. Sympathy is the ability to recognize another person's feelings. If Molly simply felt sorry for her coworker's situation, she would be sympathetic. However, Molly actually understands what it's like to be in her coworker's position, so she's being empathetic. Molly is not judging her new coworker being empathetic means not being judgmental.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
31. A
Todd misled Cynthia. Although Todd may have meant well when he told Cynthia not to worry, he misled her by making Cynthia think that her job was safe. A better response may have been that he didn't have all the facts about the layoffs and did not want to speculate about Cynthia's position. This statement would have been true if Todd did not know who was going to be laid off. While Cynthia's questions put Todd in an uncomfortable position, they were relevant to the rumors. Cynthia heard about the layoff rumors she didn't start them.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: Tahmincioglu, E. (2009, November 30). Recession adds fuel to workplace gossip. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/34149723/ns/businesscareers/t/recession-adds-fuel-workplace-gossip/
32. D
Reinforce your message. Use stories and anecdotes to reinforce your message with word pictures and examples that others can understand easily. If you can paint a picture in people's minds, they will be able to understand your ideas. Also, stories are interesting and easy to remember. People are often able to relate to them on a personal level. The use of appropriate body language often makes people feel comfortable. Use your voice to add energy to your explanation. You should not exaggerate the benefits.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: EI LAP 121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
33. A
Limited authority. Limited authority is a negotiating strategy in which one person claims that s/he does not have the authority to make a decision and must consult another person who is not present during the negotiation process. Good cop/Bad cop is a negotiating strategy that involves at least two people on one side of the negotiation; of the two people, one person is reasonable and agrees with the opposing party, while the other is unreasonable and disagrees with the opposing party. The deadline-driven strategy involves one party giving the other party a time limit to take action. Bargaining is a negotiating technique that involves giving one person something s/he wants, and receiving something desired in return.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
34. A
Adaptable. An adaptable person has the ability to adjust to changing conditions. To adjust to changes, a person must accept the fact that changes happen all the time under many types of circumstances. Once you accept that changes happen all the time, you learn to feel more comfortable when changes occur. In the example, Trish was adaptable because she understood that changes occur at work, and she took steps to adjust to the change by working overtime to become familiar with the new computer program. A stubborn person might resist change for a variety of reasons such as fear, contentment, or a lack of trust. Not only did Trish exhibit adaptable behavior, she exhibited assertive, responsible behavior by working to become familiar with the software.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
35. A
Dealing with cultural and language barriers. If Mike expands his business internationally, he may run into problems if he doesn't do enough research into the other country's culture. He may also have a problem if he doesn't know the other country's language. Encountering new markets would be an advantage of expanding internationally. Depending on which country he expands to, Mike could have fewer government regulations and he could save money on taxes, but these would be considered advantages.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Arthur, L. (2015). The advantages and disadvantages of international franchises. Retrieved September 3, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantagesinternational-franchises-22488.html
36. C
The time value of money. Kimberly understands that the $1,000 available to her now is worth more than the same $1,000 two years from now. By placing the $1,000 in a savings account now, she can earn interest on that $1,000. So, in two years, she will have more than $1,000 to put toward her college expenses. The absolute advantage is the advantage achieved when a nation can produce a good or service for less than another nation. Capital gains are earnings from the appreciation of a stock investment, and Kimberly is not purchasing stock with the money. The foreign exchange rate is the value of a currency in relation to another currency at a given time.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 15-19, 30-36]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
37. C
Finance company. To receive cash in exchange for the Silvers' contract, the dealership dealt with a sales finance company. This is a business that purchases borrowers' contracts from sellers and receives the borrowers' payments. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members. It usually operates within a business or a labor union. A savings and loan association is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to borrowers. Most of the loans are for real estate purchases. Commercial banks are full-service banks offering a variety of banking services, including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Crawford, C. (2015). What are the primary functions of finance companies? Retrieved September 2, 2015, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/primary-functions-financecompanies-40480.html
38. C
Assign each goal to a general category. A good way to prioritize your financial goals is to assign each goal to a general category, such as "must do," "important but not critical," or "not so important." Ranking according to what needs to be done first and ranking every goal in numerical order are two common pitfalls. Another pitfall is ranking everything as very important or thinking that all the goals are equally important.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31 Set Yourself Up
39. A
Cash; full. Paying the statement in full will assure that she does not have to pay extra interest on the balance and will help improve her credit history. Paying in cash is better for her credit history's health than paying with another card, because eventually she will have to pay the money owed on the other card. Paying for one card with another can lead to a downward spiral of credit card debt.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Evolve Money. (2014, August 13). 5 simple ways for college students to stay out of credit trouble. Retrieved September 2, 2015, from www.evolvemoney.com/2014/08/13/bad-creditcollege-students
40. D
Asset-management firm. Asset-management firms invest their clients' money in different (diversified) securities by pooling assets. This is beneficial to investors who do not have the financial resources and expertise to obtain securities on their own. Asset-management firms typically manage mutual funds, hedge funds, and pension plans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the purchase of real estate land, residences, and other types of buildings. Certified Public Accounting firms perform independent financial audits for different types of businesses (e.g., public corporations).
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Finance Maps of the World. (2012, May 4). Top asset management firms. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://finance.mapsofworld.com/financial-institutions/stockbrokerage/top-asset-management-firms.html
41. C
Financial. Financial loss, or the loss of money, is the basic risk in marketing. While it is impossible to eliminate all risk in marketing, there are several ways to reduce risk including developing effective marketing plans, information systems, financial plans, and loss-prevention plans. To the owner of a marketing business, any risk is personal rather than impersonal. Promotional expenditures could cause financial loss in some cases. Most marketing businesses are not involved in political activities.
SOURCE: SM:075
SOURCE: FI LAP 8 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
42. B
Videoconferencing. Holding a video conference allows the interviewer to see the applicant and his/her reactions to the questions. Text messaging and email applications involve typing on a smartphone or a computer. These methods are time consuming and do not allow the interviewer to see or hear the applicant. An intranet is a business's internal computer network.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: eHow.com (2015). How to prepare for a Skype interview. Retrieved September 9, 2015, from http://www.ehow.com/how_5648281_prepare-skype-interview.html
43. D
Manipulating the research. Businesses can protect the integrity of the marketing information they collect by interpreting the research correctly and not manipulating it in such a way that it agrees with a predetermined conclusion. Protecting the integrity of marketing information is sometimes difficult because businesses often can make the research support either side of an issue depending on how they interpret it. Most businesses try to interpret the research correctly because consumers are sometimes suspicious of research findings that seem to support the opinions of the business that sponsors the research. Many businesses pay research organizations to collect and analyze data. Surveying a lot of people usually adds to the integrity of marketing information because a broad audience was involved. Working with a publisher does not affect the integrity of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 95]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
44. D
Cookies. Some website computers place information, a "cookie," on a user's hard drive when the user visits the site. The next time a user visits that site, the site's computer recognizes the user because of the cookie. Marketing-information employees use cookies to maintain user information and track how many times a user visits a specific website or buys a product. This type of data allows marketing-information employees to customize websites in order to appeal to the preferences and habits of the consumers who are visiting their sites. A browser is software that allows a computer to access information on the Internet. Spiders are a type of search tool. A bookmark is a term used to describe a website that is marked for later reference.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Indiana University. (2015, March 12). What are cookies? Retrieved September 2, 2015, from https://kb.iu.edu/d/agwm
45. D
Accuracy. Accuracy is absolutely essential in gathering, recording, and analyzing marketing-research data if the data are to be of value to the business. Inaccurate data can cause the business to make incorrect or unwise decisions. The frequency with which research is conducted would depend upon the needs of the business. Primary data are facts collected specifically for the problem or project at hand. Secondary data are facts that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. A marketing-research project may require either or both kinds of data.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5 Seek and Find (Nature of Marketing Research)
46. C
Each marketing-research study is unique. Each business and marketing-research study is unique, but there are a few common ways that managers and researchers work together to define the problem clearly and correctly. Marketing-research studies can be conducted more or less than once per year. Lower level employees may be very helpful with marketing-research studies. Marketing-research studies need not be difficult to conduct, especially with experienced researchers on hand.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 13 What's the Problem (Marketing-Research Problems)
47. D
Represents a larger group. A sampling plan is the course of action for gathering marketing information from a section or portion of a target market. A business gathers data from a portion of the target market because the market is often too large to obtain data from each market member. Therefore, researchers use the sample group's responses to represent the larger group's opinions and ideas. Sampling plans use different methods to select and gather information. The marketing-research issue or problem and the way the sample data are collected influence but do not eliminate the respondents' bias and error rates. Observation is a method of collecting primary data, which may or may not be more reliable than other research methods.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16 Take Your Pick (Sampling Plans)
48. D
"Tara graduated first in her class." Tara's class ranking is quantitative data. It's a statistical fact. The other statements are based on opinion or experience. They are examples of qualitative data.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: IM LAP 17 Hunting and Gathering (Data-Collection Methods)
49. C
Video camera. Direct-observation research is a type of marketing research that involves watching customers' in real time to assess their behaviors. For example, a business may want to watch its customers' shopping habits and browsing patterns to determine if the business is merchandising its products effectively. The business may have a researcher use a video camera to record the customers' behavior so that the researcher can review it later in detail. A global-orientation system, a fax machine, and a DVD player are not direct-observation methods that researchers use to collect data in a neutral way.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Cerka, M. (2008, May 19). What is observation in marketing research? Retrieved September 2, 2015, from www.observation360.blogspot.com
50. C
Mode. Mode is the answer to a question that respondents give most often. In the situation described, most respondents rated the product's durability at five on the marketing research survey, which makes the number five the mode. A median is the middle value of the established sample criteria. This means that half of the data or responses are below the median value and half are above the median value. Disbursement and deviation are not measures of central tendency.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 444-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. C
Rosanna checks two response options for one question on a paper questionnaire. A response error occurs when a respondent provides an incorrect answer or response. Response errors often occur when respondents do not understand the question or when they hurry to complete the survey and do not read instructions or questions carefully. Because Rosanna provides two responses or answers for one question, the questionnaire contains a response error. A non-response error occurs when a respondent does not answer all of the questions in a survey. Because Jack does not provide his telephone number, the survey contains a non-response error. Providing an opinion during a focus group and pausing before answering a question are not examples of errors.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 491-496]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. D
Standard of living. Standard of living is the way or manner in which people live. It is usually measured by the quality and quantity of the goods and services that people own and use. Consumers' buying power is the amount of money they have available to spend. Buying habits are the customary ways in which people make purchases. A value system is based on ethics or principles.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
53. D
Goals. Goals are things or objectives that businesses want to attain. Increasing membership by 25% during the next year is a specific goal. Strategies are plans of action for achieving goals and objectives. Tactics are specific actions that will be used to carry out strategies. Principles refer to rules of conduct.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2 Pick the Mix (Marketing Strategies)
54. D
SWOT analysis. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. A component of the marketing plan is the SWOT analysis, which describes the businesses strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Because Maria is describing one of her business's strengths (highly creative and flexible staff) and one of her business's weaknesses (lack of financial resources), she is working on the SWOT analysis. The promotional plan is the set of procedures or strategies for the business's promotional efforts. The marketing mix is the four elements of marketing product, place, promotion, and price. A financial statement is a summary of accounting information.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices(5th ed.) [pp. 544, 548-549]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
55. B
Environmental scanning. A situation analysis is a determination of a firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed. One element of a situation analysis is environmental scanning which involves collecting information about the environment surrounding the business. By scanning the external environment, the business can identify changes that may have an impact on the business. These changes may present threats to the business or opportunities for the business that the business considers during the marketing planning process. Businesses conduct a situation analysis as part of the marketing planning process. Sales positioning and organizational testing are not elements of a situation analysis.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 35). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Access a database. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. Most businesses maintain a database of information that is relevant to the business, such as lists of customers and vendors, inventory levels, prices of materials, etc. When businesses need information, they access the database to obtain the data efficiently. For example, a business could access a database to find out how many customers in a certain area purchased a specific product during a specified time period. Scheduling an interview, reading a book, and contacting a competitor are not ways for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
57. D
Formal sales presentation. Presentation software is often used to provide visual support for oral presentations. Presentation software is often used during sales presentations to provide customers or prospective customers with visual information about the product's attributes and benefits. Graphic depictions of products are especially useful for items that cannot be easily transported to other locations because the audience can see an image of the product. Status meetings, employee performance reviews, and union contract negotiations are not the most appropriate business situations in which to use a computer-generated slideshow to highlight product information. The purpose of a status meeting is to update the team about various aspects of a project. An employee performance review is a tool to provide workers with feedback about their work efforts. Union contract negotiations occur when management and labor representatives meet to reach agreement about the workers' pay, benefits, working conditions, etc.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 201-202). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
Electronic. Information usually comes in either physical form (anything on paper) or electronic form (emails, videos, spreadsheets, etc.). Book, note card, and verbal are not typical forms of information that a business must manage.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 3 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
59. B
Autoresponder. Autoresponder is a computer program that automatically returns a specified message to anyone who emailed a particular address. The autoresponder function is a way for a business to quickly acknowledge the customer's message and to let him/her know that the company is going to take action within a certain timeframe. It is a way to provide customer service. Instant messaging is a computer program that allows one or more individuals to send typed messages via the computer in real time. Mechanical-reaction and timed reply are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: PCMAG.com. (n.d.). Auto-responder. Retrieved December 22, 2009, from http://www.pcmag.com/encyclopedia/term/38228/auto-responder
60. C
Word processing. Most word-processing software programs are designed to be used to create text documents, although some have limited graphic capabilities. Businesses use word-processing software programs to write letters, memos, reports, business plans, and sales contracts. There are many different word-processing software programs available that enable businesses to create, edit, and store important text documents. Presentation software programs are used to develop visual presentations. Web-page editors are software applications that businesses use to create web pages. Communications software programs allow computers to communicate with other computers.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 213-216). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. D
To remain competitive. The business world is constantly changing, and new trends come and go on a regular basis. Businesses need to pay attention to trends and adjust accordingly in order to remain competitive. Business as usual is not effective in today's fast-paced and changing environment. The businesses that adapt and keep up with new trends are the ones that remain successful. Experimenting with new types of advertising is usually more effective than merely increasing the amount of advertising. Businesses do not need to be aware of new trends in order to hire personnel or identify resources.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketingstrategy planning approach (16th ed.) [p. 654]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
62. D
Identifying participants and responsibilities. The first step in conducting an environmental scan is to identify participants and their responsibilities. Every employee should participate, although some employees may have more formal duties than others. After this step has been completed, businesses can move on to carrying out scanning activities, identifying and analyzing important trends and issues, and selecting trends and issues to act on.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
63. B
Intangible. The difference between service providers' and manufacturers' operations activities is that service providers produce intangible outputs, rather than the tangible goods that manufacturers create. The outputs may or may not be expensive or useful.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
64. C
Wipe it up immediately. Spills may make the floor slippery and create a safety hazard. Others may not notice the spill, fall on the wet surface, and suffer injuries. All employees are responsible for helping to maintain a safe environment. They should not wait for the floor to dry, tell others about the spill, or leave it for the cleaning crew.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Root, G.N. III. (2015). What are some workplace safety issues? Retrieved September 2nd, 2015, from smallbusiness.chron.com/workplace-safety-issues-1303.html
65. A
The next accident could result in an injury. The fact that one accident does not result in an injury does not ensure that the next accident will have the same results. An accident that does not cause an injury should be reported to a supervisor so that the circumstances causing the accident can be corrected if possible. This may save someone else from injury. Government regulations vary from state to state and for different industries. Reporting a noninjurious accident does not prevent future liability.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 565-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
66. B
Encrypting computer files. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only specified individuals can read it. By encrypting confidential computer files, the business protects the information from unauthorized access by internal and external sources. For optimal protection from computer viruses, businesses should conduct computer virus scans continuously rather than once a year. Activities such as classifying information and developing Internet message boards do not protect the information from unauthorized users.
SOURCE: OP:153
SOURCE: Stemp, M. (2015, January 27). Protect confidential information—encrypt it! Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://stempsystems.com/protect-confidential-client-informationencrypt/
67. C
To obtain lower prices from bidders. By using a competitive bidding process, businesses can obtain lower prices from vendors, thereby decreasing their overall product costs. Competitive bidding occurs between businesses so that businesses obtain better services as well as better products/materials/components. The process should encourage as many vendors as possible to attempt to get a contract rather than limiting the number of vendors to pick from. Competition and product champions are not related to the competitive bidding process.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Universal Service Administrative Company. (1997-2015). Competitive bidding. Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://www.usac.org/sl/applicants/step02/competitive-bidding.aspx
68. C
Rent. Fixed costs are business expenses that do not change with changes in sales volume. Fixed costs include items such as salaries, rent, mortgage, and property taxes. Variable costs are business costs that change and include commission, delivery charges, and cost of goods sold.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Business Owners Toolkit. (1995-2011). Fixed and variable costs. Retrieved March 3, 2011, from http://www.toolkit.com/small_business_guide/sbg.aspx?nid=P06_7510
69. A
Control expenses. Employees can play a role in controlling business expense by not appropriating company property. The business should explain to employees that controlling expenses helps the business to increase its profits. External theft occurs when items are stolen by persons outside the company or shoplifted by customers.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
70. C
Routine decisions. Employees need to make routine decisions every day on the job. Businesses expect them to be capable of making many of these decisions on their own without asking a manager what to do. Businesses do not want to waste valuable time directing every action that employees take. They expect employees to make routine decisions that will allow them to work effectively, oftentimes with little supervision. Businesses do not expect employees to make policy changes, operating plans, or personnel choices.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making)
71. D
Don't bite off more than you can chew. Beau needs to learn not to bite off more than he can chew. Taking on more clients than he can handle means he really won't give his best effort to any of them. Beau's problem isn't relating to focusing on goals, getting enough sleep, or dividing a large project into smaller parts.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1 About Time (Time Management)
72. C
Salary requirements. It is not necessary for applicants to specify their salary requirements on a job application. Applicants usually want to have the opportunity to discuss salary in person rather than run the risk of asking for too much or too little before obtaining an interview. Educational background, contact information, and professional experience are examples of the types of information that should be included in a job application.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
73. C
It prepares you to ask good questions. As a job applicant, you should find out as much as possible about the business before a job interview so that you are prepared to ask intelligent questions about the company. This does not ensure that you'll be considered for the available job, but it does indicate your interest in the company and the job. It does not necessarily indicate that you have done a lot of reading, since you may have obtained information about the company from other sources such as current employees or television news. It is not necessary for you to have something to discuss with the interviewer as the interviewer decides what will be discussed.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed.) [pp. 65-66]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. A
Maintain their professional certifications. Many professions accounting, finance, medical, and education require certification to work in their fields. Because these fields are always changing, workers are required to update their knowledge and skills to maintain their certifications. Continuing education often involves taking classes and attending seminars and workshops. Professionals are not required to take continuing education classes to improve their standard of living, demonstrate their emotional intelligence, or supplement their existing income.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Britt, D. (2012, August). The importance of continuing education. Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://source.southuniversity.edu/the-importance-of-continuing-education98201.aspx
75. C
Industry trends. Trends are the direction in which things are moving. Businesspeople can keep up with the trends and changes that affect their professions and/or industries by reading trade journals. By keeping up with trends, businesspeople can help their employers develop strategies to keep up with the dynamic marketplace. Trends and changes affect many types of business structures corporations, partnerships, LLCs, sole proprietorships, etc. Employees learn about internal policies by reading their employee handbooks or company newsletters rather than a trade journal. Employees can learn about the organization's sales performance by reviewing the company's internal sales reports.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: VirginiaTech. (2014). Magazines, trade journals, and scholarly journals. Retrieved January 27, 2014, from http://www.lib.vt.edu/help/research/types-sources.html
76. C
Answer questions. Professional salespeople are expected to be able to answer questions and provide further information in order to sell goods and services to customers. To do this successfully, they must be experts in the goods or services they sell and be able to develop long-term relationships with customers. Salespeople are not expected to develop brochures, although they may use them as a selling tool. Salespeople do not need to control expenses in order to sell. Arranging displays is the responsibility of the visual merchandising department.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: PD LAP 21 Career Opportunities in Marketing
77. C
Scanner fraud. Businesses occasionally make honest pricing mistakes. An employee may forget to key in the sale price of an item or key it incorrectly into the computer system. When this happens the customer is charged an incorrect amount for the item when it is scanned at the checkout counter. On the other hand, scanner fraud is a deliberate action that involves overcharging customers, usually for smaller goods, with the expectation the customer will not notice or fuss about it. This is unethical behavior because the business is acting in a deceptive, intentional way to pad the business's bottom line. Predatory pricing is the practice of pricing goods extremely low with the goal of driving the competition out of business. Retail price maintenance involves producers pressuring retailers to sell goods at the suggested retail price, which is unethical and, in some jurisdictions, an illegal practice. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for customers.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 326-327]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
78. C
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to calculate and analyze numerical data. Spreadsheets are very useful for business owners as they evaluate numerical data that relates to pricing issues. Presentation software is used to create visual aids that are commonly used in sales or other types of presentations. Word-processing programs are used to create written documents. Communication software programs (e.g., email) are used to facilitate the distribution of messages.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 213-216). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. B
Whether to change the product. Whether to change the product is one of the choices that needs to be made during the decline stage. During this stage in the product life cycle, the producer also has to decide whether to sell or license the product, recommit to the product line, discount the product, or regionalize the product. Increasing awareness occurs during the introductory stage. Fending off the competition occurs during the maturity stage. The company does not need to decide the production schedule.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 718-719). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. B
Planned obsolescence. Business ethics are the basic principles that govern a company's actions. Planned obsolescence occurs when a business releases a product and plans to discontinue it and replace it with an updated version of the item. This often occurs with technology-based products such as video games and computer software. When a business plans product updates on an annual basis, its customers are often required to purchase the new version in order to use the core product. This can be a financial burden on consumers and can present an ethical situation for the business. International markets, demographics, and taxation are not ethical issues that businesses often encounter when planning product updates and changes.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 574, 576-577]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
81. C
An identified want exists. Market opportunity exists when an economic want exists, and there is an idea for a good or service for which people are willing and able to pay to fulfill that want. Market opportunity does not necessarily exist because an entrepreneur brainstorms ideas or when supply exceeds demand. In addition, the level of productivity does not necessarily affect the level of demand.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: The Duke Entrepreneurship Manual. (n.d.). Market opportunity. Retrieved September 2, 2015, from http://www.dukeven.com/Home/Evaluation/Market-Opportunity
82. D
Research and development. Many large businesses have research and development departments that are responsible for generating ideas for new products. These departments conduct research, analyze information, and review new technology to generate ideas. They often begin with a problem or an issue and generate ideas to solve the problem or address the issue. The sole function of these departments is to develop new products or update existing products. Information technology deals with the sharing of information. Executive management is responsible for the overall operation of the business. Sales and marketing is responsible for selling the product.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2010). Marketing dynamics: Teacher's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 279]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
83. B
Grades. Grades are ratings assigned to certain products. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has identified different grades for about 300 food products. These grades determine how the products can be used. Some lower grades indicate that the foods must be used as ingredients in other food products rather than for straight human consumption. Traits are distinguishing characteristics. A label is information attached to or printed on a product by the manufacturer. A brand is a name, term, symbol, or design that identifies a product and distinguishes it from competitors' products.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8 Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
84. C
Use protective packaging. To reduce the risk of product tampering, businesses package their products in ways that ensure that the products are safe for consumption. For example, pharmaceutical companies often use heat seals, blister packs, and bottle safety caps to make it difficult to alter the product before it is sold to the end user. Consumers feel more confident about using the product when they open the package and the item is sealed and protected. Governments often require businesses to place clear, detailed labels on product packages that indicate the ingredients and the proper way to use or administer the products. Competitive pricing and a disclaimer on the package do not ensure a product's safety.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: Inline Filling Systems. (2014, June 17). Why do you need tamper evident packaging? Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://www.fillers.com/why-do-you-need-tamperevident-packaging/
85. B
Mix. The product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Depth refers to the quantity of goods offered in the product line. Demand is the quantity of a good or service that buyers are ready to buy at a given price at a particular time. Product classification refers to the type of product, whether consumer or industrial.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix & Match (Nature of Product Mix)
86. B
Positioning. Product positioning is the consumer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products. One of the goals of product positioning is to make sure that consumers perceive a product in the way that the business intended. This involves communicating information about the product's attributes and characteristics so customers will have a clear perception of its image. Product screening is the process of considering each idea for a new product and discarding those that seem unworkable. Product development is the stage in the creation of a new product in which a working model may be tested, modified, and retested, and production costs are estimated and final details of the product are planned. Product management involves monitoring and developing one or more existing products.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2015). The importance of product positioning to the marketing plan. Retrieved September 2, 2015, from smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-product-positioningmarketing-plan-24275.html
87. D
Insistence. When consumers are in the brand insistence stage, they will not buy a substitute brand. Brand recognition is the stage of brand loyalty in which consumers are made aware of a brand's existence. Brand preference is the stage of brand loyalty in which consumers prefer to purchase a certain brand but will accept substitutes if the brand is not available. A brand strategy is the action a business takes with a brand in order to accomplish its goals.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
88. C
Sell goods or services. The major purpose of using promotion for most businesses is to increase their sales. Promotion helps to do this by informing, reminding, and persuading customers. Promotion is also used to introduce new products and to attract customers to a business. Consumer demand can be created but not controlled.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
89. A
Informing customers about product features. Informing customers about product features is a use of product promotion. Product promotion is an attempt to persuade customers to buy a particular good or service. It can be used to create customers awareness of a good or service, inform customers about product features, encourage interest in and inquiries about a good or service, inform customers where a product can be purchased, build a reputation for a product, and create excitement and motivate retailers and salespeople. Recruiting new employees, highlighting social or environmental issues, and changing attitudes toward the company are all uses of institutional promotion, not product promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4 Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
90. A
Use drugs they do not need. Advertising prescription drugs is often a controversial topic. Those who feel it is ethical to advertise drugs believe that the ads are simply providing information. Those who feel that this type of advertising might be unethical believe that it persuades customers to ask their doctors for drugs they do not need. If customers see ads for certain drugs, they may decide they would like to try them. Oftentimes, doctors will write prescriptions for patients if they are persistent, even if the doctors don't think the drugs are necessary. Also, promoting name-brand prescription drugs encourages customers to ask for them rather than comparable generic drugs that are less expensive. Customers usually are unable to buy drugs they cannot afford. Prescription drugs usually must be purchased from a licensed pharmacy rather than from the manufacturer. Persuading customers to order inexpensive drugs is not an ethical issue.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Woodard, L. (2010, February 24). Pharmaceutical ads: good or bad for consumers? Retrieved September 14, 2015, from http://abcnews.go.com/Business/Wellness/pharmaceutical-ads-good-badconsumers/story?id=9925198
91. A
Consumers can access the business's website at any time. Because consumers have access to the Internet 24/7, they can access product information on websites when it is convenient for them to do so. Not only do businesses have the ability to promote their products through their websites, they can place online advertisements on the websites of other businesses, which increases the business's exposure to potential customers. Most businesses must update their websites on a continuous basis, although the frequency depends on the type of business and its products. Businesses don't want consumers to ignore their promotions. Promoting products on the Internet may increase sales, but it does not always happen quickly.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Arens, W.F., Weigold, M.F., & Arens, C. (2013). Contemporary advertising and integratedmarketing communications (14th ed.) [pp. 466-472]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
92. A
Consumer interest in the ads. Many people read newspapers as much for the advertisements as for the news content. In radio and television, large numbers of consumers "tune out" the commercials because they have little or no interest in the advertisements. Color reproduction in newspapers has become very good, but it cannot compete with television color. Both newspaper advertising and radio promotion are often aimed at a local audience. Television has more sensory appeal than newspapers because it can appeal to more of the senses than newspapers.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
93. A
To strengthen the theme. The elements of an advertisement include the headline, copy, illustrations, and signature. It is important to coordinate these elements to strengthen the theme of the advertisement. All of the elements should reinforce and promote the theme in order for the advertisement to be effective. It is not important to coordinate the elements in advertisements to analyze the objective, simplify the message, or locate the audience.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 471-475). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. A
Budget. The promotional budget establishes the amount of money that the business plans to spend on its promotional efforts. There are a number of ways the business can determine how much to allocate to promotion. One method is to base the promotional budget on the firm's expected sales and adjust it during the year if sales are higher or lower than expected. The promotional mix is the combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. The promotional method is the particular medium or media chosen to deliver the promotional message. The promotional objectives are the goals the firm wishes to achieve through its promotional efforts.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 74]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Wilcox Co.
95. C
Communication skills. Duane displays communication skills when he actively listens to his customers. He knows that good communication isn't just a one-way street. Ethics, persistence and patience, and education and training are all characteristics of successful salespeople, but they are not displayed by Duane in this situation.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117 Sell Away (Nature of Selling)
96. B
Increased sales volume. A clientele is a group of regular, repeat customers. An increase in sales is a direct result of building a clientele. Loyal customers return to buy regularly, thus providing the financial backbone for a growing business. Building a clientele helps to reduce selling costs, not increase them. Personal satisfaction and increased knowledge are salesperson benefits of building a clientele, not business benefits.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115 Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
97. A
Negligence. Some salespeople are tempted to withhold negative product information to avoid turning the customer away from a purchase. Since withholding information could be considered misrepresentation or negligence, salespeople should resist the temptation to tell only part of the story. Exaggeration involves overstating, or stretching, the truth. Guessing involves providing information without knowing the facts. Reciprocity is a method of doing business in which sellers buy from their customers.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129 Keep It Real In Sales (Selling Ethics)
98. D
Misrepresentation. By omitting important facts about a product, the business is misrepresenting the product and misleading consumers, which is illegal in many countries. Businesses that misrepresent their products often face lawsuits and fines. When a business overstates the capabilities of a product, it is exaggeration. Branding is the process of creating certain images about a product or business in the minds of consumers. In a sponsorship agreement, exclusivity is the sponsor's privilege of being the only company in its particular category of goods or services.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Spiro, R.L., Rich, G.A., & Stanton, W.J. (2008). Management of a sales force (12th ed.) [pp. 493-496]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
99. D
Characteristics. A business's promotional materials often contain information about a product's characteristics or features that salespeople can use to sell the product. By reading a business's brochures, pamphlets, and print advertisements, salespeople can obtain information about a product's characteristics that will be useful in convincing customers that a product has the features that will provide the benefits for which they are looking. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills. Demographics are information used to describe a population. Objectives are goals to be reached.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131 Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
100. A
Controlling. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1141
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. D
Contract. Contract law is an area of law that governs oral and written agreements promises that involve the exchange of goods, services, money, and/or property. Constitutional law is a body of law that addresses issues related to the Constitution and Constitutional rights. Probate is the legal process of validating a will and distributing assets to beneficiaries. A patent protects an owner's invention from use and distribution by unauthorized individuals.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Thomson Reuters. (2016). Contract law. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.findlaw.com/business-contracts-forms/contract-law.html
2. C
Providing notice. Due process is the concept that the government must respect all of the legal rights that are owed to individuals and businesses according to the law of the land. Legal procedure refers to the methods and processes that are used to protect an individual's or business's legal rights. In many societies, these rights include the right to be notified of accusation or lawsuit (providing notice), the right to obtain legal counsel, the right to be heard in court, the right to confront the accuser, etc. Obtaining witnesses is a pretrial activity. Awarding damages is a possible remedy or outcome of civil litigation. Due process involves presenting evidence, not creating it.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Farlex, Inc. (2016). Due process of law. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://legaldictionary.thefreedictionary.com/due+process+of+law
3. C
Joint venture arrangements are usually short-term relationships. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels for the benefit of all parties. The relationship is usually short-term and involves the execution of a single project or transaction. A joint-venture arrangement can be used by virtually any type and size of business. Although it is a good idea to have an attorney draw up or review a contractual agreement between both parties, it is not usually required in the United States.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. A
Their target markets' needs and wants. Businesses rely on marketing information to determine their target markets' needs and wants. Intermediaries are often able to provide producers with valuable marketing information since they deal with final consumers more closely. Marketing information may or may not help businesses determine how intermediaries are performing, how much to charge for their products, or what to name their products.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2 Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
5. B
We can more easily obtain products from all over the world. Channels of distribution allow consumers, industrial users, producers, and other channel intermediaries to save time and money. They also allow us to more easily obtain products from all over the world, since we do not have to travel and search for each individual item we wish to purchase.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
6. C
Violates antitrust laws. In this situation, the manufacturer is engaging in exclusive dealing, which is a distribution strategy that forbids dealers from carrying the competitors' products. This strategy is usually considered illegal because it restricts competition. And because the manufacturer holds a majority of the market share, it violates antitrust laws and has the potential to create a monopoly. Exclusive dealing agreements are legal in certain situations, such as a franchisor requiring a franchisee to sell only the franchisor's products. There is not enough information to determine if the manufacturer is controlling resale prices. The manufacturer's actions may limit other producers' ability to fairly compete in the market place, but it is not limiting their rights to seek legal recourse.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Thomson Reuters. (2016). What is antitrust law and trade regulation? Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://hirealawyer.findlaw.com/choosing-the-right-lawyer/antitrust-and-traderegulation.html
7. A
Offering different products through each channel. Channel conflict can occur when channel members are competing among themselves for customers. When each channel sells different products, they are not directly competing among themselves for business. For example, if a guitar manufacturer sells its line of guitars through authorized distributors and sells accessories for the guitars through online retailers, the channel members are not competing for the customers because they are selling different products. Bypassing channel members and selling directly to end users, establishing slotting fees, and requesting channel members to carry only its brand are actions that tend to create channel conflict rather than minimize it.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 298-301]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
8. A
Mia is a great manager, isn't she? Leading questions "lead" the answerer into giving a certain response. When you ask "Mia is a great manager, isn't she?" you are leading someone into agreeing with you. "How was your weekend?", "What did you discuss in the meeting?", and "What are you having for lunch?" are all open questions.
SOURCE: CO:058
SOURCE: MindTools. (1996-2016). Questioning techniques: Asking questions effectively. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newTMC_88.htm
9. D
Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas. This process is called steppingstones or triggers, and it is encouraged in brainstorming because one person's ideas can easily trigger new and different ideas. It is not considered stealing, but instead is an important part of working together to build on each other's ideas to find more ideas. Adding a steppingstone idea to a brainstorming list is not a form of evaluating the original ideas. All ideas are considered equal in a brainstorming session, including those that are very outlandish or outrageous.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 326-328]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
10. A
Written. Written communication involves putting ideas, thoughts, and agreements into words and writing those words in a document or letter. Written communication is often considered to be formal because a copy of the information exists which indicates that all parties involved received the same message. Businesses often use formal written communication in order to document important transactions and preserve the information for future reference. Verbal communication involves speaking. Lateral communication is between people on the same level. Upward communication is from employees to supervisors or managers.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Inc. (2016). Written communication. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/written-communication.html
11. C
To explain new policies. One of the main functions of an informational message is to provide information to readers in such a way that they understand the message. A type of written information that businesses often provide to customers is an explanation of new policies and how those policies will affect customers. For example, if a business is changing its credit policy, it wants to inform customers about the change and let them know that the change will benefit them. Research reports are an in-depth study of a specific business problem or situation. Businesses write informational messages to inform rather than to obtain feedback. Analyzing sales proposals involves reviewing information.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 230-233]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. C
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. When businesspeople have time constraints, they often read the executive summary of a lengthy report. The table of contents is the portion of the report in which the various report sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. The appendices are segments that are added to the end of the report and provide supporting information. The conclusion section of the report summarizes results and in some reports, this section includes recommendations for a certain course of action.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 456, 461, 474]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. D
Memorandum. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged by people within a business. Memorandums often are distributed to employees within a business to update them on the progress of various projects, or inform them of changes in policies and procedures. They are informal and simple because they are intended only for the use of the business's employees. A proposal usually is a complex written report that is formal and may be distributed to those outside the business. Handbooks and newsletters are internal company publications, but they are not memorandums.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 451]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
14. D
Key points. Effective note-taking involves writing down the most important information or key points for future reference. A person generally speaks faster than another person writes, so it would be difficult for a person to write down every detail or word the speaker says. The key points cited during a seminar may or may not be of interest to the businessperson. Inaccurate statements should not be cited during a seminar.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Sauk Valley Community College. (n.d.). Effective note-taking methods. Retrieved September 30, 2016, from https://www.svcc.edu/students/success/workshops-pdf/note-taking.pdf
15. C
Offering to place all the packages in one large bag. Offering assistance that will make the customer's shopping easier is a practical technique for creating positive relationships with customers. Thanking the customer, extending a compliment, or wishing the customer luck are positive approaches, but they do not provide the practical help the customer needs.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Help Scout. (2016). 15 customer service skills that every employee needs. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from https://www.helpscout.net/blog/customer-service-skills/
16. B
Molly nodded and maintained eye contact as Ms. West explained the problem with her computer. Having a service orientation involves expressing a positive, helpful attitude with the business's customers. Employees' gestures and facial expressions convey their attitudes, which customers often believe is a reflection of the business's attitudes. Because Molly nodded and maintained eye contact with Ms. West while she was explaining a computer problem, Molly was indicating that she was listening and willing to help her customer. Employees are not exhibiting a service orientation by behaving rudely, which may include rolling their eyes, crossing their arms, and being impatient with customers. Tristan was demonstrating a service orientation through his verbal rather than his nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Skills You Need. (2016). Non-verbal communication. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/nonverbal-communication.html
17. D
Big data. A grocery store keeping track of customers' purchases through their loyalty cards is an example of big data. Big data are large amounts of information automatically collected through electronic sources. Collecting data this way is not illegal. This is not an example of data security (keeping information safe and private) or data encryption (transforming information into a secret code).
SOURCE: CR:017
SOURCE: CR LAP 17 Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)
18. D
Form. Form utility is the usefulness created by changing the shape of a good to make it more useful to customers. Manufacturers can create form utility by changing their products according to the marketresearch information from customers. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods and services are available at a place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by customers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from seller to user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13 Use It (Economic Utility)
19. C
Businesses and individuals. They decide what and how products will be produced. The government has regulatory powers to make sure that products are safe. Political parties support candidates for public office. Entrepreneurs are individuals who assume the risk of starting and operating a business.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: EC LAP 17 Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
20. B
Simplifying existing products. Researchers can speed up production by simplifying existing products, developing new products, and determining better processes. Management should provide employees with adequate job training. Overall, national productivity can limit inflation. Communication between management and labor involves reviewing company goals with employees.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18 Make the Most of It (Productivity)
21. A
$3.50. Marginal cost is the change in cost involved in increasing or decreasing production. It is often used to calculate the extra cost of producing one more item. In this situation, total cost of operating the business is $3,000 before any items are produced. Once production begins, there are additional costs. To determine the marginal cost of producing each additional item, first calculate the change in total cost by subtracting the total cost before production from the total cost once production begins ($6,500 $3,000 = $3,500). The change in total cost is $3,500 from zero production to producing 1,000 items. To calculate marginal cost, divide the change in total cost by the number of items produced ($3,500 ÷ 1,000 = $3.50).
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: EC LAP 31 Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
22. C
Increase demand. According to the Keynesian theory of unemployment, the best solution for unemployment is to increase demand and encourage spending. This will increase businesses' production and allow them to retain and hire more workers. For Keynesian economists, keeping prices the same, increasing inflation, and cutting wages are not preferred solutions for unemployment.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: EC LAP 29 Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
23. A
Climatic changes. Some factors are considered external causes of business cycles because they occur outside the economic system. Many jobs in agriculture and construction vary according to climatic conditions. Droughts, floods, and blizzards can negatively affect many economic activities. Other external factors are political changes, psychological changes, international relations, and discoveries and innovations. Aggregate demand, money supply, and inventory levels are considered internal causes of business cycles because they take place within the economic system.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: EC LAP 9 Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
24. D
Competition. Global competition is the rivalry between nations to attract a share of the world market. Levels of inflation and unemployment are factors that make the products of nations more or less competitive with each other. Communication between countries is not affected by inflation and unemployment. Specialization is making the best use of resources in the production of goods and services. Satisfaction is a state of contentment.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4 Beyond US (Global Trade)
25. B
Consumer confidence is high. When consumers have confidence in a nation's economy, the currency exchange rate is likely to increase. During an economic contraction, unemployment increases, and consumer confidence and the strength of the economy decrease. Quick, dramatic changes in stock values can affect a nation's currency exchange rate; however, stock values tend to fluctuate slightly in a strong economy, so this may not have a great impact on the currency exchange rate.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: Van Bergen, J. (2016, February 25). 6 factors that influence exchange rates. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/04/050704.asp
26. C
Make informed decisions about your future. By knowing your strengths things you enjoy and do well as well as your weaknesses, you can make better decisions about your future. For example, you might determine that you are artistic and enjoy drawing but have a hard time with math. When it is time to determine your career path, you might decide to become a graphic artist rather than a financial planner. By knowing yourself, you select a career that focuses on your strengths rather than your weaknesses, indicating that you are making a thoughtful, informed decision about your future. Identifying others' strengths and weaknesses does not help you identify your own strengths and weaknesses. Asking others for input about your abilities is one way in which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses. A skills assessment test is not about performing well or getting a good grade; rather, it is another way in which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. C
Admit. A responsible employee recognizes his/her mistakes and readily admits them. Concealing a mistake may compound the problem. Some mistakes cannot be avoided, but they should not be maximized.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: EI LAP 21 Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
28. A
Using inappropriate language. Using any type of bad language is not only likely to offend the person to whom you are speaking, it will also damage your professional image. All of the other alternatives are ways in which you can exhibit self-control.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14 Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
29. C
Build strong relationships. Negotiation can be a means of strengthening long-term relationships with customers, suppliers, coworkers, and other businesses. Negotiation demands a spirit of cooperation. Entering negotiation with the idea of getting a certain action, keeping negative people quiet, or getting something done will not produce a situation that allows everyone to feel they have gained through the process.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
30. D
You are often around aggressive people. Aggressive people can make it difficult for you to believe that your needs are as important as the needs of others because aggressive people believe their needs are more important than anyone else's. Being assertive, choosing your own behavior, and having a lot of self-respect should help you to believe in the importance of your own needs.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
31. C
Limited resources. In this situation, Matthew and Miranda were disagreeing about how to spend a set amount of money, which is a limited resource. Matthew and Miranda are equal partners in the firm, so the disagreement did not involve questioning or wanting authority. There is no indication of inconsistent or unclear boundaries.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
32. D
Humility. Humility is a coaching characteristic that includes a willingness to admit your mistakes. A humble attitude earns respect and trust from people being coached. Dependability means being the type of person others can count on. Patience means that you don't get frustrated or give up on your coachee. Approachability means that you have the type of attitude and demeanor that lets people know you're always there to help.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: EI LAP 24 Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
33. A
Accept her coworker and learn about the coworker's religion. Valuing differences means accepting people who are different and learning from them. Shayla can accept her coworker and use this as an opportunity to learn about the coworker's religion. Shayla should not avoid talking to the coworker this is disrespectful. She should take a positive, not negative, approach to their differences.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36 Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
34. D
Conflict. A conflict is a disagreement. It is common for informal relationships (e.g., friendships) to form among coworkers and management in the workplace. Problems can occur when employees become more interested in personal interests, such as getting promotions or making certain changes, and lose focus of the company's overall goals. When these situations occur, informal relationships become more important because the employees often seek support from like-minded coworkers, which can decrease corporate unity and create conflict within the entire organization. Utility is the usefulness of something or the capability of something to satisfy wants and needs. Integration means to bring two different groups or things together.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: How Stuff Works. (2016). How office politics work. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://money.howstuffworks.com/office-politics.htm
35. C
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign exchange rate risk occurs when the value of an investment fluctuates due to changes in a currency's exchange rate. When a domestic currency appreciates against a foreign currency, profits earned in the foreign country will decrease after being exchanged back to the domestic currency. John's profits were greater in the foreign currency than in domestic currency because of fluctuations in the exchange rate between the two currencies. International trade agreements, political unrest, and the cost of international unionized labor are all factors that business owners should consider before engaging in international business, but John did not experience them in this situation.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Sargeant, N. (2016). What risks do organizations face when engaging in international finance activities? Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/06/internationalfinancerisks.asp
36. C
Paper money. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. Governments do not issue brokerage bills, and certified notes are not forms of currency.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Giese, B. (2013, July 15). World paper money: How many countries currently issue paper money? Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://stason.org/TULARC/recreation/papermoney/4-6-World-Paper-Money-How-many-countries-currently-issue-p.html
37. D
Often buy impulse items more freely. Credit encourages customers to buy more freely. Credit customers like being able to buy without worrying about whether they have the cash on hand to pay for their purchases. As a result, they may buy impulse items that catch their attention. Store profit is affected by credit customers, who often spend less time making buying decisions than other customers. Credit accounts are not always paid on time, and, for the retailer, collecting past-due accounts is a disadvantage of the credit system.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
38. C
Property. Tax liability is the amount of money that people owe and must pay to the government. Property taxes are monies that local governments collect from homeowners. The value of the home and the property the home sits upon is a consideration when determining the homeowner's property tax liability. Excise taxes are sales taxes on specific goods such as gasoline, cigarettes, and alcohol. Governments collect sales tax for purchases and income tax on money that a person earns.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 104]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. B
Increase sales. Businesses often want to add new products to their offerings as a way to increase sales. They need to study financial information to make sure they can afford to do so. Adding new products is not managing debt, checking up on the competition, or reducing expenses.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: FI LAP 9 By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
40. B
Create invoices and record customer payments. Accounting software programs perform a variety of accounting activities that streamline accounting processes, which makes them more efficient. Accounting software allows businesses to create invoices, record customer payments, track payroll activities, summarize accounts payable, and organize tax records. Businesses use word-processing software to produce annual reports and presentation software to produce visual aids for presentations. Businesses do not use accounting software to monitor market share.
SOURCE: FI:352
SOURCE: Garen, K. (2010, December 3). Top 11 accounting technology productivity features. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.accountingweb.com/technology/accountingsoftware/top-11-accounting-technology-productivity-features
41. C
Retained earnings. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. Owner's equity is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses. Retained earnings are a component of owner's equity because they are the income left after paying dividends to stockholders. Inventory and accounts receivable are categorized as current or short-term assets on a balance sheet because the levels of inventory and income from sales tend to fluctuate. Capital equipment, buildings, and vehicles are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet because they are assets that generate revenue for more than a year.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 73). South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. A
Compensation. A commission or bonus is an example of a form of compensation. Compensation is pay for work completed. It comes in different forms for different employees. Some make an hourly wage; others, a yearly salary. Compensation may also include certain financial incentives, such as commissions or bonuses. HR management oversees compensation and benefits for all employees. Benefits are advantages employees receive in addition to their monetary compensation, such as health insurance, retirement accounts, paid vacation and sick time, etc. Employee contracts may include terms involving commission or bonuses, but these forms of compensation are not types of contracts. Employeeassistance programs do not involve compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
43. A
What level of customer service to provide. There are many decisions that marketers must make about products, including choosing what products to offer, what new products to develop, and what level of customer service to provide with each product. Where to sell the product is a place decision. What advertisements to run is a promotional decision. How much to charge is a pricing decision.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12 Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
44. D
To keep the project on track. Creating a written plan for the research helps to keep the project on track as to types and amounts of data to be collected. A written plan also ensures that both the business and the research have the same information. The amount budgeted for research should be stated in the written plan, but that is not the most important reason for putting the plan in writing. A written plan does not affect data analysis or help the business to implement the marketing concept a philosophy of doing business that is based on satisfying customer wants and needs while achieving company goals.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 10 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
45. A
It can be incomplete. Secondary research can be incomplete. In this case, the marketer is unable to find all the data s/he wants about a competitor because the full picture simply isn't available. Secondary data can be out of date, but that isn't the disadvantage being illustrated in this example. Secondary research is neither costly nor time-consuming those are disadvantages of primary research.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: IM LAP 15 What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
46. D
Exploratory. Exploratory research involves collecting information to help the business define its issue, situation, or concern, and decide how to proceed with its research. Causal or conclusive research focuses on cause and effect and tests "what if" theories. Interviews are conversations in which a researcher surveys an individual to obtain research data. An experiment is a research method that tests "cause and effect" by making test marketing new products or comparing test groups with control groups.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 50-54]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. B
Market share analysis. If Simon wants to know how well his company did last quarter in relation to other companies in its industry, he needs to conduct a market share analysis. This tool uses sales data to measure a company's sales performance against that of its competitors. Sales volume analysis uses sales data to measure actual sales against any number of different criteria. SWOT analysis measures a company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A customer analysis would focus on customers or potential customers, not sales.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: IM LAP 184 Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
48. D
Focus group. Qualitative research involves collecting data that include opinions and personal interpretations. A focus group is a method that researchers use to collect qualitative data. Businesses often hold focus groups to obtain customers' opinions about their goods and services. Online surveys and experiments are methods of collecting quantitative data. Sampling is the process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Power Decisions Group. (2016). Qualitative marketing research versus quantitative methods and tools. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.powerdecisions.com/FAQ-qualitativemarket-research.shtml
49. A
Analysis. Coding is a process which assigns a score to each response within a data set. This is done to make analysis easier. Collecting data includes processes like conducting surveys. Presentation is the step where the conclusions of the research are presented to the business so that the business can act upon the results of the research. Preparation is the step where questions for the surveys are chosen, the sample size is chosen, and the method of data collection is decided upon.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 491]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. B
Leading question. Leading questions tend to influence the respondents' answers and create bias, which skews results. Because words such as "wastes" and "unnecessary programs" tend to generate strong emotional reactions and overall negative views about the topic, the survey question is biased. The question is a closed-ended question because it requires a "yes" or "no" answer. The situation does not exemplify an indifferent statement, an open-ended inquiry, or an unstated alternative.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 302-303]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. B
It helps to keep marketing research focused and relevant. A clear definition as to the research objective or problem is essential. Stated clearly, it serves as a guide to keeping marketing research focused and relevant. Without a clearly defined objective or problem, any research done will have unnecessary waste and unclear results. The problem or objective does not determine the needed sample size or the study's length. The research findings should result from implementation of the scientific method in the research process. Pre-determining the findings violates proper research methodology.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Kinard, D. (2009, February 22). Marketability. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://davidkinard.blogspot.com/2009/02/7-characteristics-of-good-marketing.html
52. D
Efficient. When all employees are on the "same page" and working toward a common goal, businesses tend to be more efficient. This is a positive result that occurs when positive actions, such as communicating honestly, are taken. These actions do not necessarily result in a more ethical, negative, or popular business.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3 Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
53. C
Occasion response. Dividing customers into groups based on their responses to a product is behavioral segmentation. Customers are grouped into categories according to what they are looking for in a product and why they buy the product. By studying the occasion responses of customers (when they purchase a product, especially for an event such as a wedding, birthday, graduation, etc.), marketers can predict what special events result in demand for products. Segmentation on the basis of usage rate classifies customers as heavy, moderate, light, or nonusers of a product. Customers can also be classified based on the benefits they desire from a product or the devotion and loyalty they feel for a product.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
54. C
Internal strength. A situation analysis is a determination of a company's current business situation and the direction in which it is headed. A comprehensive situation analysis involves evaluating the internal and external circumstances that are currently affecting the business environment. Conducting a situation analysis helps the company make business decisions that make the most of its strengths, such as maintaining a comprehensive, current, and flexible database. Companies can also use the situation analysis to improve internal weaknesses and adjust to external challenges. A comprehensive, current, and flexible database system is not an external asset, product benefit, or technological flaw.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 43-44]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
55. B
A poor economy will hurt sales for some businesses but will help others. It isn't true that a poor economy decreases sales for all types of businesses. For some businesses, such as those that sell do-it-yourself supplies, a poor economy can actually boost sales. A strong economy doesn't necessarily increase sales for every type of business. Economic conditions have a considerable impact on sales forecasts.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: MP LAP 5 Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
56. B
It's necessary for making even small business decisions. Information management is important for business decision making, even for small decisions. It isn't used primarily for decision making, though there are many other uses for information management. Information management is not the same thing as MIS or data processing.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110 In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
57. C
Software. Software instructs computers to perform specific operations. The various types of software are important components of computer systems because they allow computers to do the work that businesses want them to do. For example, spreadsheet software programs enable computers to analyze financial data, calculate budget information, and create charts and graphs of numeric data. The Internet, websites, and e-commerce are not components of computer systems.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 254). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. D
Electronic task organizer. Electronic task organizers and calendars help employees keep track of their appointments and tasks, which help them be more efficient, organized, and productive workers. Spreadsheet software programs record and calculate numerical data. Instant-messaging programs allow Internet users to communicate in real time. Perpetual calendars and alarm clocks may not be computerbased.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Hein, R. (2013, April 18). 9 top iPhone and iPad productivity and time management apps. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.networkworld.com/article/2357942/smb/964959-Top-iPhone-and-iPad-Productivity-and-Time-Management-Apps.html
59. D
Word processing. Word-processing software programs are used to create documents that are primarily text but may contain some graphics. Database and spreadsheet programs are used to organize and analyze different types of data. Presentation software programs are used to develop visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. D
Link to. A business's website usually contains several pages so specialized information can be explained in more detail. For example, many businesses have pages that describe the history of the company, list the key employees, explain products, offer customer service, etc. It is important that each page include a link to the home page so users can return to the main page easily. Users often want to access each page, and it is easier to do so if they can quickly link to the home page. It is not necessary to include a summary of the home page or a reason for the home page. Businesses often include illustrations or pictures on the home page, although that is not necessary.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 164]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
61. A
Technology improvements. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. To compete in the marketplace, businesses must use technology. Technology can improve a business's efficiency and productivity levels by making use of technological tools, such as machinery, computer networks, and the media. Because technology is always changing, businesses must also change to remain competitive. Economic conditions (e.g., unemployment rates, inflation, interest rates, business growth) fluctuate and change and do not remain stable. Business and consumer buying motives are not always predictable. Product classification is not a business trend that affects a business's efficiency and productivity levels.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Ray, R. (2009, January 13). Top ten technology trends for small businesses-2009. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://smallbiztrends.com/2009/01/top-ten-technology-trends-forsmall-businesses-2009.html/
62. A
Tax code. The tax code is part of a business's external environment. It's determined by outside forces and can't be changed. Research and development, marketing, and personnel are all part of a business's internal environment. These are all elements that can be controlled or changed by a business. By using environmental scanning to look at the external environment, a business is able to change its internal environment so that it can be prepared to meet upcoming threats and opportunities.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2 Get the 411 (Environmental Scanning)
63. A
Compliance with rules. Following company safety rules can help to prevent accidents. Horseplay, improper lifting techniques, and not knowing how to use machines and equipment can all cause accidents.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2016). Office environment. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.cdc.gov/niosh/topics/officeenvironment/
64. B
Setting goals. Project management involves planning, scheduling, and monitoring the progress of the project to achieve a specific goal. Therefore, one of the most important aspects of project management is developing a clear understanding of the project objectives, or goals. Once the goal has been set, the project manager guides the group to complete the project and accomplish the goal. Project managers seek employees who have the training and ability to participate in the project. It is not always necessary to buy supplies to complete a project. If mistakes occur, the project manager helps the group to correct the mistakes and continue the project.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6 Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
65. A
Do the work. One of the most important resources is people, the ones who will do the work. Some projects need the help of many people. It is important to identify the people who have the ability to help with a project. Without people, it will probably not be possible to complete the project. As part of working on a project, people often use tools, solve problems, and help lead the project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: Osunlaja, T., Kilinc, G., & Sen, E. (2008, November 20). Managing project resources. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.slideshare.net/talk2metboy/managing-projectresources-presentation
66. B
The project itself. A project's quality-management plan includes strategies to ensure the quality of the deliverables as well as the quality of the project itself. At the end of the project, managers want to look back and say that it ran smoothly. A project's quality-management plan cannot ensure the quality of the project's purpose those who are assigning the project are responsible for that. It also cannot ensure the quality of employee education or organizational investors.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7 Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
67. C
Follow-up. The last production activity is following up to make sure production was carried out according to plan and that the products produced met company standards for quality. This may include inspecting the materials used in making the products as well as examining the finished products. Standardization is the process of setting criteria for products so that they will be uniform. Automation is the use of robots or other automatic equipment to do certain tasks. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form, or shape, of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
68. B
Total quality management. "Big Q" is a strategic way of thinking about quality management. It focuses on ingraining quality into every aspect of the organization. It is sometimes referred to as TQM, or total quality management. Lean production is maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Robust design, or the Taguchi method, focuses on product method and development, rather than manufacturing. Concurrent engineering is performing the various stages of product design and development simultaneously, rather than one after another.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
69. C
Making personal use of company property. Employees can help reduce expenses by respecting company property. One way that employees can do this is by not taking anything belonging to the business for their personal use. This can range from not making personal use of company vehicles to not taking home pens and pencils. Businesses must replace the company property that employees take for their own use, which results in additional expense for the business. Taking the initiative to find work, reporting incidents of shoplifting, and giving appropriate discounts to customers are ways that employees can help control expenses.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: OP LAP 5 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
70. D
Write them down. The first step in the time-management process is identifying objectives you need to accomplish. Once you've identified your objectives, write them down. This will help to focus your attention on important activities and help you to decide which ones should be accomplished first. Scheduling daily activities, asking for advice, and updating the plan are things you might do after you've identified your objectives and written them down.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1 About Time (Time Management)
71. D
Identify the patterns of your behavior. You should record the significant things that happen each day and your reactions to them. Eventually, the diary will show you that there are certain patterns to your behavior. You should not review your progress on a daily basis or record the events of your life in minute detail. Some observations about others are likely to be included, but that should not be the major purpose of keeping a personal diary.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Forbes.com. (2012, July 18). 6 ways keeping a journal can help your career. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/dailymuse/2012/07/18/6-ways-keeping-ajournal-can-help-your-career/#1a0e6344396f
72. C
Willingness to take risks. Starting a small business is extremely risky, yet Sidney plans to open his own store. He is willing to risk failure because he is optimistic that his business will succeed. While Sidney hopefully possesses other entrepreneurial characteristics, such as organization, creativity, and openmindedness, he is not exhibiting those traits in this example.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66 Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
73. A
Having a personal data sheet. A personal data sheet is a list of information such as the applicant's Social Security number; the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of references; dates of previous employment; grade-point average; and any other data that might be asked for on a job application. Job applicants who prepare and use a personal data sheet can fill out job applications quickly, easily, and accurately because they have all the data they need on the sheet. Job applications are generally filled out by hand, not by computer. Keeping a file of job leads helps the applicant to organize his/her search for a job. Knowing someone at the business would not necessarily help a job applicant to complete a job application.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2016). How to make a personal data sheet. Retrieved August 24, 2016, from http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Personal-Data-Sheet
74. B
Mention any mutual contacts you have. If you can, you should name someone you and the reader of your application letter both know. Of course, this isn't always possible, but it's a great way to get attention. Your letter should not be more than a page long. You shouldn't repeat everything that's on your résumé; your letter of application is intended to tell the reader things that aren't necessarily on the résumé. You should always proofread carefully, not quickly. Your letter of application is often the first impression a company gets of you, so you want it to be perfect.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Adams, Susan. (2011). How to write a cover letter. Retrieved on August 24, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2011/03/24/how-to-write-a-cover-letter/
75. B
To obtain up-to-date information. Trade publications contain information about new products, available resources, particular successes of other businesses, research, current trends, and legislation. They do not, however, recommend quantities to be purchased, appeal to the general public, or help the business establish an operating budget.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: CD LAP 1 Trade Associations/Professional Organizations
76. C
Answer questions. Professional salespeople are expected to be able to answer questions and provide further information in order to sell goods and services to customers. To do this successfully, they must be experts in the goods or services they sell and be able to develop long-term relationships with customers. Salespeople are not expected to develop brochures, although they may use them as a selling tool. Salespeople do not need to control expenses in order to sell. Arranging displays is the responsibility of the visual merchandising department.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: PD LAP 21 Career Opportunities in Marketing
77. C
Socially irresponsible. It is socially irresponsible to price a lifesaving product so that the people who need it cannot afford it. In some jurisdictions, it is considered price gouging, which is illegal. This action is not economically justifiable, charitable, or conscientious.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 139-140, 537). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. A
The risk of markdown is great. This would include fads and seasonal items that might need to be marked down significantly in order to sell. A lower-than-average markup is generally used when handling expenses are low, customers are given minimum service, and stock turnover is high.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3 Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
79. A
To prevent damaging the company's image. Elimination of products must be done carefully to prevent damaging the company's image. Some weak products can be dropped immediately, but others should be eliminated slowly so that customers have time to find replacements. Some companies continue to provide service for a discontinued product in order to retain customer goodwill. Eliminating weak products is not governed by law. A weak product has already been through commercialization and has failed to be profitable. Eliminating weak products will not make higher prices acceptable to consumers.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. D
Selling the product online. Selling the product online is an appropriate marketing strategy for the decline stage of the product life cycle. Sometimes, marketers can have success distributing a product through non-traditional channels. Marketing to early adopters would be a strategy appropriate for the introduction stage. Expanding the product line is something that happens during the growth stage. Marketers usually decrease promotion expenditures during the decline stage.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: PM LAP 18 Get a Life (Cycle) (Product Life Cycles)
81. D
Attribute listing. Programmed thinking is a process that involves generating ideas in logical, analytical, and organized ways. Attribute listing is an idea-generation technique that involves listing the characteristics or attributes of something and then finding ways to improve these attributes. For example, suppose that a business wants to improve a bike. The business would begin by listing attributes of the bike the wheels, seat, frame, gears, chain, etc. When listing the attributes, the business might decide that it could improve the seat by using different padding or by changing the shape of the seat to make it more comfortable for the rider. Mind mapping, forced questioning, and synectics are idea-generation techniques that use lateral thinking, which is a process that involves generating ideas in purposely illogical ways.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 127 Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
82. B
Evaluating the idea. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking activity that businesses often use to generate product ideas. Many businesses find that it is beneficial to have several employees involved in the process because that helps generate a lot of different ideas. The facilitator is a person who guides the brainstorming session. The facilitator helps keep the members of the group brainstorming session on track. This person keeps order, encourages participation, fosters a creative environment, and documents the ideas for further review. The facilitator should not evaluate the ideas or initiate debate during a brainstorming session. These actions may hinder the creative-thinking process and discourage group members from participating. Gavin did not ignore Amy, but provided his opinion of her idea. There is not enough information provided to determine if Gavin exceeded the brainstorming time limit or asked others for their opinions.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (1996-2016). Brainstorming: Generating many radical, creative ideas. Retrieved August 25, 2016, from http://www.mindtools.com/brainstm.htm
83. D
Time. Time standards are often tied to various types of services that a business might offer, such as medical and dental services. Doctors usually allocate a certain amount of time for a patient based on the patient's needs. A sick patient with a common ailment (cold) can usually explain specific symptoms, allowing the doctor to focus on those symptoms and provide a diagnosis fairly quickly. An annual checkup usually involves more discussion with the patient and multiple examination procedures, so this type of visit requires more of the doctor's time. Cost standards are used to specify project or product costs. Quality standards involve the degree of excellence expected from a product. Regulations often influence various types of business standards, but they are not types of standards.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8 Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
84. B
Service information. Service information is a customer benefit from warranties and guarantees which could include giving customers a list of locations at which they can obtain repair or replacement. Legal recourse concerns customer rights when a company does not fulfill its obligations under a warranty or a guarantee. Reduced anxiety about purchases refers to a customer benefit concerning problems that will be taken care of by a warranty, thereby relieving a customer's anxiety about spending money. Increased profits is a business benefit of warranties and guarantees.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4 Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
85. D
To attract a new target market. Contraction is the deletion or removal of a product or product line from a company's product mix. A business would need to add to its product mix, not delete from it, in order to attract a new target market. Products or product lines may be deleted in order to make room for others the company wishes to add. A product or product line may be deleted because it is in conflict with other products offered. A company may decide to drop a product or product line because of the potential liability associated with the products.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3 Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
86. C
Creates a sense of value for the customer. Product bundling is the practice of selling multiple, related goods/services together as a one-price package. Bundled products are priced so that the customer pays less for the bundled products than they would pay for the products if the customer purchased each product individually. In some situations, the bundled product may not provide a great savings over individually purchased items, but just enough for the customer to feel that s/he is getting a deal or a good value. Product bundling is often used to get customers who happen to see the bundled package to try a new product; however, the business may also need to promote (e.g., advertise) the new product to let the masses know that the new product exists. Customers are less likely to comparison shop for less expensive goods when the items are bundled.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2016). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved August 25, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41789.html
87. D
Brand identity. A brand identity consists of those elements that are instantly recognized as representing a particular business or product, including logos, colors, names, images/graphics, and design. Brand values are beliefs or qualities that a corporate brand stands for and is built around. A brand promise is a business's spoken or unspoken agreement with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. A distributor brand is owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brand, rather than the manufacturer.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: PM LAP 20 Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
88. A
Interrelated. Promotion is one of the marketing functions known as the four 'P's of marketing. The other three are price, place, and product. Successful marketing depends upon offering the right product, at the right time, in the right place, with the right promotion.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
89. C
Social networking. Many businesses are establishing a marketing presence on various social-networking websites. As the popularity of social networking (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, Linkedin) continues to grow, these types of websites provide businesses with additional touch points in which to connect with existing or new markets. For example, a business might inform its "friends" or "fans" about a special event, provide product coupons, or post entertaining videos to generate interest. Businesses may also solicit and receive feedback about their goods and services. Broadcast media uses radio waves (i.e., television, radio) to reach their audiences. Just-in-time is an inventory method that orders goods just in time for them to be used or sold. Affiliate advertising is the process of promoting and selling another business's products on a website in exchange for a sales commission.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Montealegre, A. (2010, July 29). Facebook-an advantage or not? Retrieved August 25, 2016, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Facebook -An-Advantage-Or-Not?&id=4760027
90. B
Target market. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes or e-mail addresses in the form of letters, catalogs, postcards, folders, and messages. The advantage of direct mail in apparel promotion is that it can be sent only to those customers who have been identified as potential buyers of the clothing and accessories. A retailer would not wish to spend additional money sending promotional materials to a wide range of people who may not be interested in the specific type of apparel. The target market includes not only current customers but also those people who have been identified as potential customers. Reaching former employees and local competitors is not the purpose of direct-mail promotion.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
91. C
Organic marketing. Word-of-mouth promotion occurs when customers tell others about their satisfaction with the business. Organic word-of-mouth promotion occurs naturally. Because customers are satisfied with the business and its products, they enthusiastically tell others about their satisfaction in the course of normal conversation. In some situations, customers trust and like the product so much that they become product advocates putting in a good word whenever and wherever they can. Virtual marketing involves communicating product information via the Internet. Mobile marketing involves communicating information via mobile devices and networks (e.g., smartphones). Shill marketing involves employing people to pose as customers who are satisfied with a business's product using word-of-mouth techniques. Shill marketing is unethical behavior, and in some jurisdictions, it is an illegal practice.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: WordofMouth.org (2008, September 30). Organic vs. amplified word of mouth. Retrieved August 25, 2016, from http://wordofmouth.org/blog/guest-genius/organic-vs-amplified-wordof-mouth
92. D
Mail-response. Companies develop mailing lists in different ways. Mail-response lists are those that businesses develop by purchasing other businesses' house lists. A house list is developed from a company's own database consisting of past and current customers. A compiled list is one that a company purchases from a seller who originally used the information for other purposes. Compiled lists often consist of several lists from several sources. Internal indicates that the list is generated within the company, making it a house list. A brokerage firm is a list seller. Therefore, internal-brokerage lists are nonexistent.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Cober, M. (2016). Response lists vs. compiled lists: which is right for your business? Retrieved August 25, 2016, from http://www.usdatacorporation.com/info/2012/06/responselists-vs-compiled-lists-which-is-right-for-your-business/
93. D
Price-off deals. Price-off deals involve discounting the prices of goods and services for a short period of time. Because customers save money by buying the products during the sale, they receive an immediate reward a good or service that they want or need at a discounted price. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service and usually is offered by the product's manufacturer. Loyalty programs reward repeat customers by offering incentives (e.g., free item) to maintain their loyalty to the business. Although rebates and loyalty programs provide rewards, customers must usually wait to receive them. Product displays exhibit merchandise and do not provide rewards.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [pp. 337-338]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
94. D
Unified message. Each component of an effective advertisement should work together to communicate a unified message. For example, if the graphic element does not relate to the copy or headline of an advertisement, the meaning of the ad becomes unclear and confusing for the audience. The use of humor, level of formality, and inclusion of an opinion depend on the nature or goal of the advertisement.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 477-478). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. D
Customer wants and needs. There are many forces operating in the business environment over which the business has little or no control. These external factors include customer wants and needs, actions of competitors, availability of raw materials, and social concerns. The other alternatives are internal factors.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: SE LAP 121 Sell Right (Selling Policies)
96. D
To win a departmental sales contest, a salesperson claims to have processed a sales transaction before it has been formalized. Selling ethics can be compromised in many ways with vendors, subordinates, customers, and coworkers. An example of unethical selling behavior that affects coworkers may occur when a salesperson states that a sale has been made to win a contest, when, in fact, the order has not been finalized. This is dishonest behavior that robs a coworker from winning the contest that s/he worked hard to earn. Awarding a contract after receiving Super Bowl tickets may be viewed as bribery between a business and its vendor. A manager who restructures territories and sets unachievable quotas for sales staff to reduce commissions is negatively impacting the manager-employee relationship. Withholding information from a customer to make a sale is unethical behavior that impacts the buyer-seller relationship.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129 Keep It Real-In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
97. A
Buyers a limited amount of time to withdraw from a purchase agreement without penalty. Cooling-off laws protect consumers who purchase products as a result of high-pressure or fear-based sales tactics. Such laws provide buyers with a set amount of time to think about their purchases and allow the buyers an opportunity to withdraw from the purchase agreement without penalty.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Tanner, J.F., Honeycutt, E.D., & Erffmeyer, R.C. (2009). Sales management: Shaping future sales leaders (p. 79). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
98. A
Explain care techniques to customers. Label information often includes care and maintenance instructions for the product in an attempt to ensure its satisfactory use. The salesperson should be familiar with the information provided on the labels of the products s/he sells in order to explain care techniques to customers during the selling process. Product labels are not intended to facilitate returns or be used for developing visual merchandising displays. Salespeople do not promote products to competitors.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 422, 524-535]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
99. A
Durability. When a customer asks how long a product will last, s/he is interested in its durability. How long a product will last and give dependable service is essential information which you should be prepared to give customers or clients. Product uses relate to what the product will do and how it can be used. Features are a product's specific characteristics. Origin refers to where or by whom the product is produced.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. A
Middle. This level of management is responsible for the daily functioning of the business. It also serves as a liaison between top-level and supervisory management. Top management develops broad company plans, while supervisory, or operating, management is the management level that implements management plans through direct supervision of workers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1150
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Bilateral contract. In bilateral contracts, both parties promise to do something. In the example, Samantha promises to pay $225 to Tony. In exchange, Tony promises to give Samantha the bike. Unilateral contracts are contracts that involve promises made by one party. For example, a pet owner offers to pay a reward for a lost animal. In this situation, the pet owner is the only party making a promise. There is not enough information to determine if Samantha and Tony made a verbal or nonverbal agreement or if they renegotiated terms.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Bilateral contract. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bilateral-contract.asp
2. D
Control pollution. Pollution is a growing problem that affects many large cities as well as small communities throughout the world. In an effort to control pollution, many countries have established environmental regulations that require businesses to develop clean and fuel-efficient operating and production systems. These systems protect the environment from industrial pollution and help to preserve natural resources. Many of these regulations also require businesses to control the amount of waste and dispose of it properly. Environmental regulations are intended to conserve resources. A business's operating and production systems are not intended to collect samples.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: US Environmental Protection Agency. (2016). Our mission and what we do. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https://www.epa.gov/aboutepa/our-mission-and-what-we-do
3. A
Direct. Direct distribution is a channel of distribution in which goods and services move directly from the producer to the consumer. In the example of the dry cleaner, the "good" is the direct-mail letter, which did not go through other channels to get to the consumer. Indirect distribution is the channel of distribution in which goods and services move from the producer to channel members and then to consumers. If the letter is developed, printed, and mailed by an advertising agency, the method of distribution is indirect. The advertising agency is an additional channel, the channel that develops the letter. The agency might also arrange printing and mailing with those agencies that specialize in printing and fulfillment, which would include two more channels used to distribute the literature. Intermediate and service are not forms of distribution.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 3—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. C
Saves time. The advantage of using new technology in the distribution function is that it saves time. The use of computerized inventory systems allows businesses to keep track of exactly how much inventory is in stock at any one time, and the use of electronic data processing allows businesses to place orders electronically, which shortens the order cycles. The new technology allows businesses to communicate instantly, place orders when needed, and receive the goods quickly. This reduces the amount of inventory they need to carry because they can quickly obtain whatever they need. The technology also helps to increase turnover by identifying excess inventory that should be marked down in order to sell. Increased overhead would be a disadvantage to businesses.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 567). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
5. D
To lower the risks associated with stocking new products. A slotting allowance refers to a fee paid by a manufacturer or vendor to a customer, usually a retailer. This fee is charged to cover the costs for placing a new product on the retailer's shelves. By charging a slotting allowance, the customer is trying to cover the costs of stocking and maintaining the product. If a new product does not sell well, the fees can help to cover the time on the shelf that could have been used for a higher moving item. Since there is only a limited amount of shelf space in a supermarket, the implementation of a slotting allowance does not necessarily increase a store's product line. Therefore, slotting allowances are not implemented to decrease intermediaries in the supply chain. Slotting allowances are not implemented to reduce conflict among distribution channel members.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Edwards, P. (2016, November 22). The hidden war over grocery shelf space. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http:/Awww.vox.com/2016/1 1/22/13707022/grocery-store-slotting-fees-slotting-allowances
6. C
Distribution. Promotion helps to create demand for products, while distribution makes those products available. Businesses coordinate distribution with promotional activities to make sure that sufficient quantities of advertised products are available when customers want to buy them. If a business plans to promote a certain item, the business must make sure that an adequate supply will be on hand to meet customer demand. Businesses may lose customers if they promote certain items that are not available because they failed to make the necessary distribution arrangements. Transportation is the act of moving items from one place to another and is only one aspect of distribution. Segmentation involves dividing something, such as a total market, into smaller, more specific groups. Communication is an exchange of information in which the words and gestures are understood in the same way by both the speaker and the listener.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: KnowThis.com. (2016). What is promotion? Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.knowthis.com/promotion-decisions/what-is-promotion
7. D
Partnerships. There are often many businesses or individuals that move products from the producer to the end user. These businesses and individuals are a distribution chain's channel members. The more channel members that a supply chain has, the higher the risk of conflict or disagreement among the members. Channel conflict occurs for a variety of reasons, such as bypassing one channel member in the process or disagreeing about sales terms. To reduce the risk of intense channel conflict, all channel members need to consider their relationships with each other as partnerships working toward the same goal—satisfying the end user. Viewing channel relationships as friendly rivalries, employees, or non- binding contracts will not minimize conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Mack, S. (2016). Horizontal & vertical marketing conflicts. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/horizontal-vertical-marketing-conflicts-65325.html
8. A
Providing supporting information. By providing supporting data, facts, or knowledge, Loretta may increase or establish her credibility with the audience. If Loretta is successful in establishing credibility, she is more likely to get the audience to accept her idea or support her position. There is not enough information to determine if the audience knows about the study that Loretta is describing. Loretta is not using emotional appeals or communicating a goal.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Leadership Now. (2011, September 14). Advocacy: How to champion ideas and influence others. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.leadershipnow.com/leadingblog/2011/09/advocacy_how_to_champion_ideas.html
9. D
Being a good listener requires active listening skills. In order to be a good listener while handling telephone calls, you need to learn to shut out distractions, put aside what you are working on, and focus on what the speaker is saying. This is not a natural skill, but it is one that can be learned through practice. There will still be times when, no matter how carefully you listen, you will have to ask questions.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: MindTools. (2016). Active listening. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/ActiveListening.htm
10. C
Organize information. Organizing information helps you to communicate your message to your audience in a meaningful way. One way to organize information is to write down key points on notecards (index cards). Then, you can place the cards in the order of their importance or categories. The advantage to using notecards to organize information is that you can move them around and reorganize as needed. When you have the information in the order that you want it in, you can efficiently write an outline, report, manual, or article, or prepare a presentation. Placing key points on notecards and placing the cards in a certain order will not help you access files, revise facts, or verify the information's accuracy.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2016). How to organize a research paper. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_138072_organize-research-paper.html
11. B
Proofread it and correct grammatical errors. Written work that contains errors is unprofessional and hurts the credibility of the writer. Therefore, Deanna needs to proofread her work to correct grammar, spelling, and punctuation errors before she sends the article to the publisher. In addition, Deanna might ask another person to review her article to look for errors that she did not find. Deanna should determine if the topic will interest the audience and develop an outline before she starts writing her article. Magazine articles do not include a table of contents or a glossary of terms.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 164-167). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
12. A
I appreciate your help with this issue. An inquiry is a request for information. Letters of inquiry are requests for information such as product specifications, prices, job openings, proposals, expertise or consultation, etc. Letting the message recipient know that you appreciate his/her time and effort is a cordial way to close the message. The message sender might state a time when s/he plans to follow up with the recipient. Closing the message by saying the information is needed ASAP is rude and unprofessional. Wishing the message recipient luck and extending an apology are inappropriate closings for the situation at hand.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: WriteExpress Corporation. (n.d.). Write inquiries. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.writeexpress.com/inquiry.htm
13. A
Weekly activity report. This is a brief summary of work accomplished that is submitted periodically for management's review. Periodic reports usually are short and informal. A project proposal is usually a longer and more formal report. Business owners and/or the business's executive management develop business plans and strategic plans.
SOURCE: C0:094
SOURCE: SampleTemplates. (2016). 9+ sample weekly activity reports. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https:/Avww.sampletemplates.com/business-templates/wee kly-activity-report-template.html
14. B
The type of service you have provided the person. You should follow up with customers to be certain that they have received satisfaction from the product or the company's services. For example, salespeople might call customers to find out whether they're enjoying their purchases. A customer-service representative might call to determine whether customers are pleased with solutions to problems. A shipping clerk might check the shipping log to make sure customers have received their orders. The way you follow up with customers should not be based on levels of frustration, supervisory attention, or distance. All customers are important. Following up suggests to customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CR LAP 4—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
15. A
True complaint. True complaints are honestly felt dissatisfactions by the customer. In this case, Mark dislikes the wrinkled fabric and explains that to the salesperson. Hidden complaints are the concealment of true complaints with believable but secondary reasons for dissatisfaction. Mark's complaint isn't a false accusation, and he isn't necessarily a difficult customer just because he is dissatisfied.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
16. C
Specialty. These are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. Convenience goods are consumer goods purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Shopping goods are consumer goods that are purchased after consumers compare goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service. Suits are tangible rather than intangible goods.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
17. D
Right and wrong. Ethics are the basic principles that govern an individual's behavior. In business, ethics involves how a business behaves in its dealing with other businesses, customers, and employees. Businesses consider issues about what is right and wrong when they decide how to operate and how to treat others. To be ethical, they need to consider how their actions affect the welfare of others. It is a matter of considering what is the right way to act and what is the wrong way to act. It does not involve considering what is legal or illegal, although some actions that are unethical are also illegal. Business ethics does not involve considering issues about what is safe and unsafe, or what is positive and negative.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 150). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
18. A
Better wages. Better wages is one of the general benefits profit provides. Other general benefits include meeting consumers’ needs and wants, providing better employment opportunities, and strengthening the economy. General benefits do not necessarily include more products, higher prices, or better supplies. More products and higher prices may bring in more profit, however. Better supplies may increase the quality of the product.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
19. C
Indirect. Coola and Crumbles produce dissimilar merchandise. Indirect competition occurs among businesses that offer dissimilar goods or services. Direct competition occurs between or among businesses that offer similar types of goods or services. Since the businesses produce a different type of merchandise, they would not be direct competitors. Franchise and wholesale are not types of competition. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services. Wholesale is the purchase of goods from an intermediary, usually purchased from a manufacturer and sold to a retailer.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
20. B
Land and buildings. There are usually two types of property tax: real property tax and personal property tax. A real property tax is a tax that is levied on real estate, which is land and buildings. Both businesses and individuals pay tax on the real estate they own. Personal property taxes are taxes levied on furniture and supplies, and machinery and equipment. A real property tax is not a tax levied on natural resources.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: EC LAP 27—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. D
Menu costs. The expenses associated with changing prices are known as menu costs. Hyperinflation can create additional menu costs for businesses, which are most often passed on to their customers. Price indexes are investment- and inflation-monitoring tools. Sampling errors are statistical mistakes within a research study. Commodities are raw materials needed to create products.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: EC LAP 28—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
22. B
Economic interdependence. Countries are interdependent because they need imports essential to the welfare of their citizens, and they need exports to provide opportunities for employment. A comparative advantage results when one country has an advantage over others in the production of a good or service. When exports exceed imports, a country experiences a trade surplus; when imports are greater than exports, a country experiences a trade deficit.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: EC LAP 4—Beyond US (Global Trade)
23. D
The ability to solve problems. In this example, Penny did not communicate her needs, persuade others, or display flexibility. She used her emotional intelligence to solve problems—she acknowledged and separated her negative feelings from the positive action she could take to find a solution.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
24. B
Leadership. Your ability to guide or direct the actions of others is leadership. This trait is highly desired by employers. It is important to develop your leadership skills. Receptivity means openness to change and input from others. Dependability is reliability. The willingness to act without having to be told to do so is initiative.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
25. C
Initiative. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. People who demonstrate initiative are willing to accept and seek out additional or even unpleasant duties. When Sasha goes above and beyond at her job, she is showing initiative by seeing what needs to be done without someone else pointing it out. Sasha is not showing pessimism or inflexibility; these are negative traits that are not interdependent with initiative. Although a sense of humor can be helpful in the workplace, Sasha is not illustrating one in this example.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
26. A
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure calmly, and it is an important part of self-control. None of the other alternatives would help you to endure life's aggravations and difficulties without getting upset. Independence is the ability to manage your own life. Ambition is the desire for success. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another's place.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
27. C
Competence. For a leader to be considered credible (having people believe what s/he says and follow him/her), s/he must demonstrate competence, which means capability, or the ability to do what needs to be done. Basic competence is demonstrated by giving and receiving clear directions, by identifying and using resources, and by planning and managing projects. Good leaders have the ability to share a vision, are self-aware, and demonstrate decisiveness, but being competent is a specific way to prove credibility.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
28. A
Facts. Vision is the future that you desire to create. To fulfill a vision, the leader may need to get others to embrace the vision and help him/her carry it out. Enlisting others' support might include using rational persuasion, which is the method of appealing to others’ intellects and minds by providing supporting facts or evidence. By providing facts and evidence, the leader is giving reasons to support the vision. Practices are procedures or activities that are followed. Skills are abilities. Assumptions are thoughts or information that are taken for granted as being true, but may not be true.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
29. B
Get to know him/her and learn to pronounce his/her name. The first step of respecting people is getting to know them. Getting acquainted doesn't mean that you need to establish personal friendships with everyone you meet. It does mean that you should speak to people when you encounter them, learn to pronounce their names correctly, and sometimes ask them how they are. You should also do your fair share of the workload, avoid controversial subjects, and avoid harassing your classmate, but getting acquainted with him/her comes first.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
30. D
Difficulty getting along with others. The primary reason that people lose or leave their jobs is that they have difficulty getting along with others. More people are fired because they can't get along with their coworkers than for any other reason. Businesses usually let such people go because of the problems they cause within the business. Help is usually offered to employees who need a better understanding of their jobs or have poor job performance. Poor self-esteem is a personal problem that the individual must work to correct.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 37—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
31. D
Finance charge. Finance charges are interest charges on accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. They are usually a percentage of the total amount due. Annual fees are yearly fees charged for the privilege of using a bank credit card. Interest rates are fees the lender charges the borrower for the use of money. Installment payments are set amounts paid by specific times to repay an installment loan or to pay for an installment credit purchase.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit ls Due (Credit and Its Importance)
32. A
College fund. In many cases, paying for college is a future financial need for which many individuals and married couples plan. In order to make sure sufficient money will be available to pay for college, individuals often establish a college fund. This may be set up with a bank or an investment company. People often set aside a certain amount to invest on a monthly basis so the fund will have a certain value by the time it is needed to pay college expenses. A living will involves a person's wishes concerning medical issues. A work history is a list of jobs a person has had during his/her life. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Savingforcollege.com. (2016). What is a 529 plan? Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.savingforcollege.com/intro_to_529s/what-is-a-529-plan.php
33. C
Accounting information. Managers use accounting information to make financial decisions that affect the business. They decide how to spend the business's money based on the accounting information. Schedules are useful in determining the most effective use of time. Standards may be used to ensure quality control. Policies are guidelines used in decision making.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. B
Objective. Accountants prepare the accounting information that businesses use to make financial decisions. Therefore, it is important for accountants to uphold the ethical standards of their profession by providing accurate, objective (unbiased) financial information. A person who uses unique processes or creativity to achieve a goal is being resourceful. Accountants need to follow the GAAP to perform their jobs rather than use unique processes. An intolerant person is prejudiced. An unconventional person is often viewed as unusual or eccentric.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: Vitez, O. (2016). Ethics in the accounting profession. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/ethics-accounting-profession-3738.html
35. D
It deals with accounts payable and receivable. Working capital management focuses on a company's current balance of assets and liabilities. It involves the management of accounts payable and receivable, inventory, and cash. Capital investment decisions are made for the long term. Capital investment decisions also decide how investments will be financed and determine which projects a business should invest in.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FILAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
36. B
No, if the appropriate procedures are followed, and the employee is the most qualified candidate. Employees often form friendships with their coworkers, managers, and subordinates. It is important, however, that the managers remain objective and place the company's best interest above their personal feelings or relationships when making job-related decisions. If a manager follows the company's interviewing and hiring protocol, and the employee is the most qualified candidate, then it is not unethical to offer the employee the promotion. Basing a decision on an employee's gender may be unethical and is considered a form of discrimination. It cannot be assumed that other candidates will file discrimination claims if one employee is promoted.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: MindTools. (2016). Avoiding unconscious bias at work. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/avoiding-unconscious-bias.htm
37. A
Providing salespeople with additional training. Data may show that salespeople need additional training for a certain product. This is something marketers want to provide so sales and profits can be as high as possible. Determining what new products to offer, deciding which wholesalers to use for distribution, and budgeting for product development are all activities that should take place before a product hits the market.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
38. C
Provides data for a specific situation. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about a specific problem. Such data may be needed when the data in the marketing-information management system do not apply to the circumstances or are insufficient. The data that are gathered must still be analyzed in order to be useful to the business. Marketing-research activities may increase the cost of goods and services, and that is a disadvantage rather than a benefit. Marketing research does not necessarily create fair competition, but it may help the business to be competitive.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: Suttle, R. (2016). Key costs & benefits in marketing research. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/key-costs-benefits-marketing-research-26311.html
39. D
To customize their marketing efforts. Many businesses use computerized databases to sort and organize information about customers' purchases, brand preferences, dollar amounts spent, etc. The benefit to the business is that it can use this information to customize its marketing efforts and appeal to specific customers. For example, a business might use a database to organize customers according to geographic location, and send different promotional pieces to each area. The database allows a business to target specific customers based on certain criteria. Businesses do not use this type of customer information to prepare financial reports, develop inventory control plans, or maintain sales strategies.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 594-595). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
40. A
Analyze. The collected data must be analyzed, or interpreted, in order to be useful. Data by themselves are just a collection of facts, which might not be meaningful. Observation gathers data, surveying asks questions, and experimentation tests cause and effect.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 10—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
41. A
Primary data. The focus group results are examples of primary data, or facts, figures, and statistics that have been collected specifically for the marketing research project being conducted. Secondary data are facts, figures, or statistics that already exist for other purposes. Relevant variables are the types of information studied in a marketing research project (e.g., brand awareness, customer satisfaction, etc.). Units of analysis are the entities or elements that are being studied in market research (e.g., individual, household, etc.).
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: IM LAP 282—What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
42. A
Sample design. The method for selecting sampling units out of the population is the sample design. A stratum is a group of sampling units within the population. Sample size is the number of sampling units that will be drawn from the population. Skip interval is the number of spaces between each sampling unit drawn in systematic random sampling.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
43. B
Observation. The observation method of data collection allows researchers to watch people in a natural setting and record their behavior. Focus groups, personal interviews, and experiments are not natural settings.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: IM LAP 17—Hunting and Gathering (Data-Collection Methods)
44. D
Transcribing. Transcribing involves taking the coded information and entering it into the appropriate computer fields so that businesspeople can analyze and review information. Researchers discard incomplete information before entering it into the computer.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 505-510]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. C
Sample. Descriptive statistics are information that is presented in numerical form and is related to a specific issue, situation, or concern. Marketing researchers often collect this type of information by surveying a sample group—a representative group of the target market. After collecting the information, marketing researchers assign numerical values to survey responses and compile the responses into descriptive statistics, which help the researchers summarize the information for analysis. The descriptive statistics should provide the researchers with objective information rather than subjective data. Synectics refer to a creative-thinking technique that businesses often use for product development. Descriptive statistics do not summarize solitary data.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Descriptive statistics. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/descriptive_statistics.asp?lgl=no-infinite
46. B
Leading. Marketing researchers should avoid the use of leading questions on their questionnaires because these tend to influence the respondents’ answers and create bias, which skews results. An example of a leading question is, "Don't you agree that teachers should earn more money for all that they do?" The way that the question is worded is likely to make the respondent feel like s/he is nota proponent of education and the teaching profession if s/he answers "no." Structured questions provide options from which the respondent can choose. Unstructured questions are open-ended questions that allow respondents to provide qualitative information and in-depth responses. Structured and unstructured questions are acceptable question formats to use on questionnaires.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Bush, R.P., & Ortinau, D.J. (2009). Marketing research in a digital information environment (4th ed.) [pp. 405-408]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
47. D
A company that uses out-of-date research data may make poor business decisions. For example, suppose a business obtains older research stating that a large segment of the market wants product X. The business develops and markets product X, but the good or service doesn't sell because circumstances in the marketplace have changed. The business stands to lose a lot of money because it did not use current research data to make its decision to proceed with producing and marketing product X. Information may be timely or up-to-date, but it doesn't always relate to the business's problem or situation at hand. Information that a business obtains from online sources is not always accurate or correct. Older information that is obtained from secondary sources may be credible, if circumstances have not changed.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. A
Protecting the business's reputation. By admitting, apologizing for, and fixing her company's mistake, Hope is taking action to protect the business's reputation. This action does not illustrate aligning strategies and activities with goals, providing proper training for employees, or using rational and emotional motivation to convince customers to buy.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: MK LAP 3—Just Do It...Right (Company Actions and Results)
49. A
Achieving planned goals. The business's goals and strategies for achieving those goals may change frequently. Changing the business's image, increasing its profits, or improving management techniques might be specific goals at any point in time.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
50. D
The team can plan strategies with more precision. Writing a marketing plan allows the marketing team to plan its strategies with more precision since it has done so much research into the current marketing situation, the target market(s), etc. This should make planning strategies easier, not more difficult. It won't necessarily make planning strategies go more quickly, however. A marketing team would not plan strategies 10 years in advance since the economic and marketing climate can change so quickly.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: MP LAP 7—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
51. A
Customers changing their habits. The changing nature of the marketing environment brings with it many opportunities for businesses. One of the purposes of conducting a situational analysis is to identify possible opportunities in the business environment. An example of a possible opportunity is a change in customers’ habits. If an analysis indicates that customers are buying more of one type of product and that the trend will continue, a business can take advantage of the change by providing that type of product. However, in order to be prepared to take advantage of such opportunities, a business first must analyze the environment to determine exactly what those opportunities are. A situational analysis also indicates possible threats to the business. Examples of threats include suppliers raising their prices and a decline in economic conditions. Increases in operating expenses is an internal problem.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Boundless. (2016). Conducting a situational analysis. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https://www.boundless.com/marketing/textbooks/boundless-marketing-textbook/marketing-strategies-and-planning-2/steps-to-creating-a-marketing-plan-28/conducting-a-situational-analysis-151-7221/
52. B
Inflation rate is expected to drop by 1%. Changes in the economy affect sales and, thus, sales forecasting. When the economy improves for any reason, such as a 1% decrease in inflation, consumers’ disposable income is increased, and sales of consumer products often increases. A business should consider economic changes when forecasting sales and raise its expectations for the coming year if it thinks consumers will be able to buy more of its product than in the past. A business might consider lowering its sales forecast if the cost of supplies will increase by 2% or the customer base will decrease by 5%. The sales forecast might stay the same if wages and salaries are expected to remain the same.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: MP LAP 5—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
53. C
To make it accessible. Businesses obtain a wide variety of information that often can be used for many purposes. Therefore, it is important to store the information for future use so it will be accessible when needed. For example, information about current customers might be used to develop procedures for attracting new customers in the future. If the information has not been stored so it is accessible, the business will need to obtain other types of information. Businesses do not need to store information to establish quality control. Storing information does not ensure that data is accurate, nor does it ensure that the information remains confidential.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Better Evaluation. (2016). Archive data for future use. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://betterevaluation.org/en/evaluation-options/archive_data_for_future_use
54. C
Many people don't understand what it is. Information management can be a challenge because many people don't understand what it is or what role they should play in it. Many people may want to participate in information management but just don't know how. There is often too much information to manage, something known as information overload. There is no one right way to approach information management.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
55. A
Office automation. Businesses use office automation information systems to develop, manipulate, and store various types of administrative data, including documents, spreadsheets, graphics, and computer-generated presentations. Microsoft Office, AppleWorks, and IBM/Lotus SmartSuite are common office automation programs that businesses use. Transaction processing information systems process routine business transactions. Organizations use business intelligence information systems to collect, store, and analyze information about their markets and competitors. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Inc. (2016). Office automation. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/office-automation.html
56. D
Presentation. Presentation software programs allow businesspeople to create computer-generated presentations that may include graphics, transparencies, slides, text, sound, video, or animation. The advantage of using presentation software is that it enables businesses to develop colorful, eye-catching presentations that display information in an interesting manner. Application, operating, and publishing software programs do not combine graphics, transparencies, slides, and text for an on-screen display of information.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
57. B
Inaccurate. Quality business records should be retrievable, reliable, and accurate. When a business does not update information (e.g., inventory status), it runs the risk of making poor business decisions by using inaccurate information. The example does not indicate that the information is unavailable, unorganized, or irrelevant.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
58. D
Be accessible to customers at all times. E-commerce is a business trend that is expanding rapidly because of the Internet and the World Wide Web. E-commerce is changing the way companies do business because it allows them to be accessible to customers at all times. Customers who have access to a computer and the Internet can visit a business's website and obtain information or shop online at any time of the day or night. As a result, more and more businesses are adding websites to make their services and products available to customers at all times. The benefit to a business is often increased sales. The growth of e-commerce is increasing competition, which means that businesses often reduce prices and offer additional services to attract customers. Businesses do not use e-commerce to communicate with similar organizations.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 207-208). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. C
Shipping products to customers. Operations refers to the day-to-day activities needed for continued business functioning. These activities include purchasing the materials needed to make products or maintain the company's facilities, storing inventory, shipping products to customers, etc. Buying property, researching and developing new products, and creating advertising campaigns are not included in the operations function of a business.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: OP LAP 190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
60. A
Use of technology. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Advances in technology make it possible for businesses to use computers to control various aspects of the operations function. For example, specialized computer programs can design the layout of the production facility, while other programs can monitor inventory levels and automatically place orders. This technology reduces the number of employees needed to perform these tasks, which controls costs. Other computer programs organize and schedule production activities, which decrease costs and increase productivity. Hiring employees may increase costs and will not necessarily increase productivity. The type of management and the supply of money do not help the operations function to control costs and increase productivity.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 286-293]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
61. C
True; the business is responsible for creating a safe work environment. When there is potentially dangerous equipment in the workplace, employees should be instructed in the safe use of the equipment and the potential danger to themselves and others of not doing so. Even when such training is given, employees may become careless or forget to use safety precautions. It is not always obvious that equipment can be hazardous.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Rabid Office Monkey. (2014, August 21). Tips for a safe office environment. Retrieved December 5, 2016, from https://rabidofficemonkey.com/tips-safe-office-environment/
62. D
Escort all visitors to their desired locations. To prevent robberies, it's a good idea to escort all guests to and from their desired locations at your business. This, along with asking for identification and providing guests with passes, will help you make sure that everyone in your business is supposed to be there. Valuables (such as electronics or important files) should be kept away from windows to discourage thieves from breaking windows and easily taking things. Your business should be well-lit when people aren't working; if there are no lights on, thieves can tell that no one is around, and they will be more likely to break in. Although fire doors should be easy to access in an emergency, they should not be easy for thieves to open. Keep doors secure so thieves can't get in.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: University of Florida Police Department. (2012, May 11). Robbery prevention for businesses. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.police.ufl.edu/community-services/robbery-prevention-for-businesses/
63. C
Discussion of specific challenges encountered. After the stakeholders receive the deliverables, the project manager often meets with the team members to discuss what went well and what didn't go well with the project. The team members also discuss how processes could have been improved. The information obtained from the “lessons learned” meeting is summarized in a “lessons learned” document, which can be used by teams that execute similar projects for the organization in the future. The project's purpose and the stakeholders' expectations are explained during the initiation phase of the project. The allocation of resources is determined during the planning phase of the project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Womack, J. (2012, January 5). Three tips for boosting productivity with project debriefing. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https:/www.entrepreneur.com/article/222546
64. B
Reduce expenses. Decreasing expenses is perhaps the best way that businesses can help to increase profit. Businesses have control over many of their expenses and can take measures to reduce them. For example, they can eliminate some free services and encourage workers to turn off lights and equipment when not being used, in order to save money on energy costs. Raising prices will not increase profits unless customers are willing to pay the higher prices. Tax rates are regulated by government. If businesses improve sales, they might increase their profits if the rate of sales is proportionately higher than the expense involved.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: Carey, B. (2016). 5 ways to reduce your business expenses right now. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://quickbooks. intuit.com/r/expenses/5-ways-to-reduce-your-business-expenses-right-now/
65. C
Positioning. Position innovation occurs when an existing product is repositioned. In the situation provided, a new use for the baking soda prompted Arm and Hammer to reposition the product as a deodorizer. The basic product did not change, but the company redesigned the package so that a filtered panel opened on the side of the box for optimal odor absorption. Process innovation involves changing the way that a product is produced or delivered. Distributed innovation refers to a decentralized model used for problem solving. Associative innovation is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: Humanitarian Innovation Fund. (2016). Types of innovation. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.elrha.org/hif/innovation-resource-hub/innovation-explained/types-humanitarian-innovation/
66. B
Where you'll take your bike for repair. An example of a limited decision is where you'll take your bike for repair—because you'll spend a little time considering where you want to take it. It's not something you'll put no thought into (as deciding when you'll leave for school) or a lot of thought into (as deciding which car you'll buy or college you'll attend).
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
67. D
Trade associations. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry who form a society to solve their common problems. Trade associations provide in-depth information about various jobs in their industries. This information includes skills, training, and education necessary to perform particular jobs in specific industries. Much of this information is often found on a trade association's website. The website might also provide links to other resources that have additional information about the field or industry. Local newspapers, college recruiters, and marketing consultants might be able to provide general career information about a specific field or topic of interest.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2016). Trade association. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/trade-association
68. D
Personal satisfaction. Hobbies or interests are activities that people enjoy. People obtain personal rewards by engaging in them. Woodworking is one activity that many people consider a hobby. Most people would not start businesses because higher tax rates might result in less income. Entrepreneurs are not guaranteed financial security when they begin new businesses. Sales quotas are specific selling goals for members of a sales force in a company.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: PD LAP 66—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
69. A
Take classes at a community college. Workers who want to advance in or keep up with their chosen professions often need to obtain additional, ongoing education. There are many ways for workers to acquire job-related skills, such as taking classes at a university or community college. Completing a college application, obtaining recommendations, and contacting former employers are not actions that help workers obtain new skills.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Grilli, J. (2012, December 3). Continuing education programs benefit employees and employers. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://citizensvoice.com/opinion/letters/continuing-education-programs-benefit-employees-and-employers-1.1410489
70. A
They often overlap and run together. Although marketing careers can generally be divided into several different areas, they often overlap and run together. They are not separate and distinct, they do not only exist online, and they exist in many different industries.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: PD LAP 21—Career Opportunities in Marketing
71. C
A company prices its products low in an attempt to drive its competitors out of business. Ethics are the principles that guide personal behavior. When a business prices its products very low with the goal to drive its competitors out of business, it may be acting unethically, and possibly illegally. This is because the business is deliberately pricing products so low that smaller businesses cannot afford to compete, which eventually drives them out of business. Increasing prices when production costs increase, setting profit-margin objectives, and using a prestige pricing strategy are legal and ethical business practices.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: InvestorWords.com. (n.d.). Predatory pricing: Definition. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.investorwords.com/3770/predatory_pricing.html
72. D
Simulate the impact of pricing changes. Analytic applications enable marketers to input different variables and analyze their outcomes. By analyzing these “what if’ situations or simulations, marketers can make sound pricing decisions that align with their objectives. Price-execution applications automate pricing processes and generate price lists. Price-optimization applications help marketers identify favorable pricing strategies.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Syncron. (2016). Price management software. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://www.syncron.com/en/Solutions/price-management-software/
73. A
Obsolescence. During the obsolescence phase of a product's life cycle, the product is in a state of being outmoded or unfashionable. For example, apparel items experience obsolescence when clothing styles and seasons change. Therefore, retailers often slash prices in an attempt to get rid of old stock. Prices are usually set higher during the introduction stage to enable the business to recover its investment in the new product. During the maturity stage, businesses generally focus their efforts on stabilizing prices. Initiation is not a common term used to describe a phase of a product's life cycle.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: PI LAP 3—Factors Affecting Selling Price
74. B
Commercialization. Commercialization is the step in the new-product development process at which a product goes into full-scale production, the marketing plan is put into place, service and sales training is done, and the product's life cycle begins. Idea generation is the initial step in the new-product development process and involves thinking up or creating new products and modifying existing products. Product development is the step in the new-product development process in which a working model may be tested, modified, and retested. Test marketing involves introducing a product to a limited market to see what its acceptance will be.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
75. A
That customers are satisfied with the product. Sales and profits increase during the growth stage of the product life cycle. Many customers are aware of the product and buy the product. To maintain sales, businesses usually start to focus on advertising that customers are satisfied with the product. It is more effective to promote customer satisfaction than to promote the product's benefits because most people are aware of the benefits. People are more likely to continue buying during the growth stage if they think that other people are satisfied with the product. Businesses usually advertise the unique benefits of the product during the introduction stage. Businesses often advertise that competitors' products are not as popular during the maturity stage. Businesses frequently advertise discounts during the decline stage.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: Hill, B. (2016). Different marketing strategies for a product at its growth stage. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/different-marketing-strategies-product-its-growth-stage-14555. html
76. B
To solve the ethical problem of planned obsolescence. Because of continual advances in technology, some products become obsolete very quickly. Businesses that make these products are often aware of the ethical issues involved in producing goods that have a short life span because of their effect on the natural resources that are needed to produce them. To handle this problem, some businesses are looking for ways to recycle all or parts of these products and reuse them or turn them into new products. This enables businesses to preserve natural resources and to be ethical while producing products that become obsolete quickly. It is often expensive for businesses to develop ways of reusing products or turning them into new products. The businesses are reusing the products rather than reconditioning them and selling them to customers. Businesses do not turn products into new products to position them as being technologically advanced.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [p. 276]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
77. A
Demographic changes. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that people are willing to buy. Individuals often discover product opportunities by simply being aware of changes that are occurring around them. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. Age is a demographic characteristic of the population or market segment. As a segment of the population ages, its wants and needs change. When an individual recognizes physical and social changes, s/he has identified a product opportunity due to demographic shifts. Personal attitudes are psychographic factors. Psychographics are a market segment's shared attitudes, opinions, and values. Geographic limitations relate to a specific location or region such as hilliness or a lack of water. Economic resources are the human and natural resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Brookins, M. (2016). Examples of demographic segmentation. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-demographic-segmentation-12367.html
78. B
Brainstorming and mind mapping. Creative-thinking techniques are the specific processes that people use to generate unique ideas, goods, or services. Most creative-thinking techniques can be used by one person or by a group of people. Some creative-thinking techniques are brainstorming, mind mapping, forced analogies, unconscious problem solving, and morphological analysis. Observation is a form of research, which people use to identify market opportunities rather than to generate product ideas.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 127—Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
79. C
Express warranty. An express warranty is a warranty that is written or expressed verbally. It may be an oral promise given by the salesperson to a customer. A salesperson promising to repair or replace a product if it doesn't work properly during a period of time is an example of an express warranty. Then, the business must fulfill the promise to the customers. An implied warranty is an unwritten warranty understood by the consumer and the seller that the product will perform as expected. A money-back guarantee is a promise to refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. An unconditional guarantee means that a product can be returned at any time for a refund or credit.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009) Marketing essentials: Teacher wraparound edition (p. 675). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. B
How to contact government agencies. There are many city, state, and federal government agencies that regulate the rights of consumers, but these agencies are not listed in a warranty. Explaining what kind of service or repairs are included, how long the warranty is in effect, and where to take or send the merchandise for service should be included in a written warranty.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: PM LAP 7—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
81. B
For one all-inclusive price. Product bundling involves combining several products and selling them for one all-inclusive price. Businesses often bundle products to encourage customers to buy products that they might not otherwise want to buy. The all-inclusive price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. The lower, all-inclusive price is an incentive to buy. Some bundled products may be sold only at certain times of the year, such as lawn care services; however, that is not a characteristic of product bundling. Product bundling does not involve selling at heavily discounted rates or selling the bundles as loss leaders to loyal customers.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2016). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41 789. html
82. B
Ease of purchase. Positioning an online business on its simple ordering process is positioning by ease of purchase. The product may or may not come with quick delivery. The ordering process is not a physical product feature, nor does it relate to the product's performance.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
83. B
Brand positioning. A frequently used brand strategy is brand positioning, the creation of an image or impression of a brand as compared to those of competitors' brands. When a company uses an existing brand name for a new product line, it is known as a brand extension. Brand licensing allows one company to use another's brand name, logo, or character for a fee. Co-branding takes place when companies join forces to increase recognition, customer loyalty, and sales for both brands.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
84. B
Company website, sales calls, and trade shows. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions and experiences associated with a particular company. A successful corporate brand involves developing product and promotional mixes that communicate a desired image of the business. This communication occurs through a variety of touch points. Touch points are the opportunities that the business has to connect with customers and reinforce its brand. Some opportunities that the business has to communicate and reinforce the corporate brand are through the company's website and during sales calls and trade shows. These opportunities involve the efforts of many of the company's employees, including the sales staff. Compensation policies, sales reports, and marketing audits are not target-market touch points.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Qlutch Marketing. (2006-2016). How to communicate a brand at every touchpoint. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from http:/Awww.marketingmo.com/creative-brand-development/how-to-communicate-a-brand-at-every-touchpoint/
85. B
Increased product sales. Businesses use promotion to "spread the word" to consumers that they offer certain products which often result in increased sales. Businesses may also benefit from a more favorable corporate image. Deceptive advertising, added costs, and debates over controversial issues are disadvantages to the business.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
86. C
Publicity. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual which benefits from or is harmed by it. Publix is not paying for the website but is benefitting from the site that posts positive letters from satisfied customers. People who access the site will read the letters and may decide to shop at Publix. Advertising is a paid form of promotion. Personal selling involves interaction between a salesperson and a client. Sales promotion activities are promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: Peretti, J. (2014, July 6). SUVs, handwash and FOMO: how the advertising industry embraced fear. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://www.theguardian.com/media/2014/jul/06/how-advertising-industry-concept-fear
87. C
Fear-based. Fear-based advertising is an extreme form of promotion that motivates an action, such as purchasing a certain product, by focusing on the risk of harm or unfavorable consequences. Subliminal messages contain images that prompt a person to feel or react in a certain manner at a subconscious level. Infringement is an action that violates the rights of another person. Cause-and-effect involves explaining what will happen as a result of a certain action, but it does not necessarily include negative consequences.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 275-276). Mason, OH: South-Western.
88. D
Fraud. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. The nature of promotional activities, such as sweepstakes and contests, indicates that the activities can and have been carried out in ways that deceive or unfairly treat participants. Therefore, governments often develop and enforce laws that protect consumers from deceptive or unfair practices which relate specifically to sweepstakes and contests. Tax evasion occurs when a business avoids paying monies that it owes the government. Slander is a verbal statement that one party makes with the intent to harm another party's character. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on the prices of their goods and services.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 133, 141, 572]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
89. A
Catalogs. Many businesses develop catalogs featuring the latest fashions that they mail directly to their target customers. The catalogs advertise items that appeal to the business's potential customers. News releases and press kits are sent to media outlets. Magazines are not a form of direct-mail.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
90. A
Telemarketing. Telemarketing is a promotional medium grouped with "other media" that utilizes telephone service to promote a product, either by phoning prospective customers or providing a number for them to call. Telemarketing is considered a direct advertising strategy because it provides direct contact between the business and the customer. Many businesses use telemarketing to inform customers of new goods and services and encourage them to buy. Broadcasting is a promotional media that uses radio waves to reach consumers. Merchandising is the process of having the right goods in the right place at the right time in order to make a profit. Syndicating is not a direct advertising strategy.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 635]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
91. A
To obtain publicity. By sponsoring an event, businesses are using the event as a communications channel to provide information to others. The goal of sponsoring an event is to obtain publicity which is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it. In many cases, the media report the event and include information about the sponsors. As a result, the businesses obtain publicity. Businesses that sponsor local events are not creating news. Businesses do not sponsor local events to generate revenue or to sell products. However, by obtaining publicity, they might attract more customers which will result in selling more products and generating more revenue.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 657-658]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. A
Nationwide is on your side. A tag line or slogan is a catchy phrase that helps consumers remember the business and its products. Businesses often use tag lines throughout one or more promotional campaigns. Tag lines often appear on billboards, specialty promotional items, television and radio commercials, and in print advertisements. In the example, Nationwide Insurance communicates effectively and simply that it is available to help you by being "on your side." A statement about a price of an item isn't a catchy phrase. Sincerely is word often used to close a business letter. Coca Cola is a brand name.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 425-433). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. A
Coordinating speaking engagements for employees. The public-relations department is a division of a business that is responsible for establishing good relations between the business and its publics. The various publics include the business's target market, its stakeholders, the local business community, its employees, and local residents. One activity that a public-relations department coordinates is speaking engagements for the business's employees. For example, a local civic group might ask the public- relations department if a member of the business's executive-management staff could speak to the group about a particular issue that is affecting the community. The public-relations department would work with the appropriate employee to schedule the speaking engagement. The research and development department conducts product research and develops product prototypes. Developing job descriptions is a human-resources activity. The advertising department selects media for the business's advertising.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 657]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
94. B
Stores renting video games to customers. Some goods and services are sold indirectly to the consumer or user through the use of intermediaries, such as wholesalers and retailers. An example is a store renting video games to customers after buying the video games from suppliers. The store is the retailer that provides the product to the customer. Students selling candy to relatives and friends selling jewelry to friends are examples of products being sold directly to the consumer without the use of a wholesaler or retailer. Neighbors borrowing items from neighbors is not an example of products being sold to consumers.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
95. B
Competition. Because product quality and price can easily be matched, customer service becomes a key component in business competition. In selling, customer service is where the real competition among businesses begins. As a salesperson, you need to show your prospects that your company meets (and hopefully exceeds) customer-service expectations. Customer service is not a key component in business careers, business communication, or business forecasts.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: SE LAP 130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
96. A
Appropriate personality traits. A company's sales personnel must have the appropriate personality traits and attitudes in order to build a loyal clientele for the business. Effective salespeople generally are patient, courteous, friendly, sincere, honest, and trustworthy. These traits can turn a customer into a friend. The personal relationship that is established leads the customer to become a loyal client. Technical experience, professional awards, and continued training may help salespeople to sell, but do not necessarily build a loyal clientele.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
97. D
Unethical behavior. Ethics are the basic principles that govern a person's behavior. People who follow those principles and standards are behaving ethically, while people who disregard those principles and standards are behaving unethically. An example of behavior that might be considered unethical is leaving a company and taking valuable information about customers to another company. Salespeople taking specific information about a customer's buying habits, quantities purchased, and prices paid are behaving unethically because that information belongs to the company. Company assets include samples, vehicles, equipment, expense accounts, etc. If a salesperson has a noncompete contract with one company, s/he may be breaking the contract by going to another company. Taking valuable customer information is not an example of offering bribes.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Selling Ethics)
98. A
Materials and content. You can use the information about the composition of products to help solve customer buying problems and to assist customers in comparing similar products. Finishes are used in enhancing the beauty of products, increasing their value, protecting their surfaces, aiding in their care, or providing safety features. Consumers usually are not interested in the technical manufacturing process which determines the quality of a product. Pricing information helps the customer make a buying decision on price alone and does not consider the quality of the merchandise.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2016, September 23). Tips for better customer service: how to help a customer. Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https:/Avww.thebalance.com/tips-for-better-customer-service-how-to-help-a-customer-2948070
99. B
Rational motives. Rational motives are reasons for buying that appeal to the sense of reason or judgment. When customers are basing their buying behavior on logic, they are using reason in an orderly way and considering the facts. Rational motives often involve making buying decisions based on saving money or saving time. When customers base their buying behavior on facts and logic, they are not being influenced by personal preferences, economic factors, or individual needs.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Reference.com. (2016). What are rational buying motives? Retrieved December 6, 2016, from https://www.reference.com/world-view/rational-buying-motives-c99baa03505ac39e
100. C
Executive. Executive, or top-level, management is responsible for strategic planning, including making the decisions about entering a new market. Middle, or mid-level, management is the link between top and first-line management that would determine what needed to be done in order to enter the new market. First-line, or supervisory, management is made up of the supervisors who work directly with the employees carrying out the directions of top and mid-level management.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1161
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. B
Restrict placement of billboards. Local zoning laws affect businesses in a variety of ways, such as restricting the placement of billboards. Local communities have the right to regulate where businesses can locate, the physical appearance of the building, and the type of signage that can be used. Communities can also decide if billboards are allowed and where they can be placed. Businesses that want to use billboards to advertise must follow the zoning laws of the community. Zoning laws do not require labels on products, prohibit price discrimination, or limit the creation of monopolies.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Scenic America. (n.d.). Legal issues and billboards. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.scenic.org/billboards-a-sign-control/legal-issues-and-billboards
2. C
Obtaining a loan from a bank. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. A business that obtains a loan from a bank is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship. It is voluntary because the business (debtor) is seeking to obtain funds from the bank (creditor) by going through a loan application process. A monetary gift is given without expectations of repayment. A monetary gift and a request for information are not examples of debtor-creditor relationships. In tort cases, the court can order one party to pay punitive damages to the other party. This is an example of an involuntary debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: BizFilings. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/research-topics/running-yourbusiness/understanding-the-debtorcreditor-relationship
3. B
Producer. A channel of distribution is the route that a product takes in moving from a producer to a user or consumer. Hence, the producer is always at the beginning of a channel of distribution, and the user is at the end, regardless of the number of channel intermediaries used. Agents, wholesalers, and retailers are intermediaries who may perform specific functions as the product moves through the channel. These intermediaries are part of indirect channels.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. D
It improves the speed and accuracy of information flow. Electronic data interchange is a computer network that links two or more businesses for the exchange of information. Retailers often use EDI systems for reordering inventory with their vendors. Using an EDI system can cut back on paperwork for all businesses, resulting in speedier order processing and reducing the margin of error. The system eliminates duplication of the data entry process. Artificial intelligence systems are computer programs or machines that perform functions that humans carry out. Implementing an EDI system does not necessarily dictate the type of distribution system businesses use and, therefore, does not necessarily create a benefit.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: EDI Basics. (2017). What is EDI (electronic data interchange)? Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.edibasics.com/what-is-edi/
5. D
Gray market. Manufacturers price their products differently based on what a market will bear in a country. Goods are often sold in Asian countries for less than they are in the U.S. and Canada. Eager to make a profit, unscrupulous people buy up the products at the cheap price and resell them in the U.S. or Canada for less than the manufacturers' prices in those countries. A product life cycle is the various stages a product moves through from its inception to its death. A product mix is the combination of products that a business sells. A distribution channel is the route or path a product takes from its producer/provider to the ultimate consumer/industrial user.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Northrup, L. (2017, May 10). What is the gray market, and why should I care? Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://consumerist.com/2013/05/09/what-is-the-gray-market-andwhy-should-i-care/
6. A
Members can often reduce conflict by focusing on the common goal of customer satisfaction. Channel members are all of the businesses or individuals that move goods and services from the producer to the end user. The channel members depend on each other to make sure the end users receive the products when they need them and where they need them. Therefore, it is important for all channel members to remember that their common goal is customer satisfaction, especially when one or more of them disagree about a course of action that another channel member wants to take. Producers are not always channel leaders, nor do they necessarily have more negotiating power. Because the channel members are interdependent, interaction among the members is necessary. Slotting fees may cause a channel conflict rather than reduce it.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Hoos, D. (2017, April 7). How to overcome channel conflict with retail partners. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://thegood.com/insights/overcoming-channel-conflict/
7. C
Having a pleasant voice. Verbal communication has a much more positive effect on listeners when the speaker has a pleasant voice. Listeners are more likely to concentrate on the speaker's message than they would if the speaker's voice is harsh, unpleasant, or irritating. Enunciating, or pronouncing clearly, is important but should not necessarily be done rapidly. Mannerisms are part of body language, the way you express yourself through posture, facial expression, etc., and these are not forms of verbal communication. While reading from a script is occasionally appropriate, depending on the situation, it is not an important factor in effective verbal communication.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Erupting Mind. (2016, March 28). How to become a better communicator. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.eruptingmind.com/how-to-really-become-a-bettercommunicator/
8. D
I don't want to know you. There are several situations in which nonverbal communication is a better indicator of a person's attitude than words. In this situation, Hank has made a polite verbal response, but he has indicated by refusing to shake hands that he is not glad to meet Jeremy and does not really want to know Jeremy. Even if they had met before, shaking hands would have been appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 30-32). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
9. A
Formal. Different communication styles are appropriate for different situations and for different audiences. When conducting evaluation or counseling interviews with employees, it is usually appropriate to use a formal communication style. The person conducting the interview is in a position of authority and may be discussing problems or behavioral issues with an employee. Maintaining a formal communication style will help the interviewer to remain in control and provide the guidance that may be necessary. Casual and routine communication styles usually are appropriate for discussions between friends or coworkers on the same level. An instructional style may be appropriate when communicating information about how to perform specific tasks.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Rawes, E.M. (2010, December 9). Types of communication in the workplace. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/info_7742528_types-communicationworkplace.html
10. C
Write as legibly as possible. Even though you may be writing your notes quickly, it's important to write as neatly as you can. After all, your notes won't be very helpful if you can't even read them later! You shouldn't worry about using correct spelling and grammar when taking notes. It's more important to focus on content. You also don't need to write in complete sentences. This will only slow down your notetaking. It's impossible to write down everything the teacher says; instead, just try to capture the main points and important information.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Stanford University. (2017, June 27). Study tips resources: Note taking (various methods). Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://vptl.stanford.edu/students/academic-skills/studytips-resources
11. D
Credibility. Credibility is achieved when the audience has confidence in the persuader. In this case, Dr. Browne's prestigious job title and degree lead the audience to believe she is a credible source. Reason is when logic is used to persuade someone to do something. It often involves solid facts and statistics. An emotional appeal affects the audience's feelings, such as sympathy or love. An appeal that uses shock value is a form of an emotional appeal that includes information that the audience would find shocking.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: McIntyre, M., & McKee, J. (2012, April 16). Ethos. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://writingcommons.org/index.php/open-text/information-literacy/rhetoricalanalysis/rhetorical-appeals/585-ethos
12. A
Internal audience. Memorandums are a type of simple written report that business employees often prepare to provide information to others within the business. Since memorandums are usually intended to be read by an internal audience, they are less formal and shorter than traditional business letters. They often provide information about the progress of current projects or an explanation of upcoming events. Not all businesses have boards of directors or planning committees. However, these are examples of internal audiences that may, or may not, receive memorandums. A group of suppliers is an external audience.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Kaiser, K. (n.d.) Memorandums and letters. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://writingcommons.org/chapters/professional-technical-communication/memosproposals-reports/798-memorandums-and-letters
13. D
Takes more time. Group problem-solving takes more time than individual problem-solving because of conflicting schedules, differing opinions, and more discussion. Group problem-solving increases conformity and risk-taking, rather than decreasing them. Finally, group problem-solving increases communication rather than hindering it.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Hadler, G. (2005-2016). Solving problems using a group - Advantages and disadvantages. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.itseducation.asia/groups.htm
14. C
Negative. Businesses must keep in mind that word-of-mouth promotion can be negative as well as positive. It's important for businesses to build positive customer relations so word-of-mouth promotion will work in their favor since it cannot be avoided, cannot be bought, and is very powerful.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001 Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Fair treatment of customers. Clear policies give employees guidelines to follow and help to reduce misunderstandings that create bad feelings. Fair treatment of customers is not an expense-reduction measure. Satisfying customers' wants is not possible since wants are constantly changing. The business may run more smoothly if customers are treated fairly, but that is not the main purpose of the policy.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Government of South Australia Equal Opportunity Commission. (2011, July 1). Developing your customer complaint policy. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.eoc.sa.gov.au/eo-business/shops-and-services/shops-and-servicestoolkit/developing-your-customer-complaint-policy
16. A
Obtain. Although many of the earth's resources are plentiful, some of them are difficult to obtain. For example, it is difficult and expensive to drill for the vast oil reserves on the floor of the ocean. Natural resources usually are not difficult to use or sell. The fact that some resources are difficult to obtain can help to conserve them.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
17. A
The price will increase. In this situation, a producer will normally increase the price in order to maximize profits. A decrease in the price would not achieve a maximum profit margin. Similarly, leaving prices at their present level would not maximize the advantage achieved through increased demand.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012 When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
18. C
Marketing. Marketing is a primary business activity that involves creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. The communication, or promotion, aspect provides a connecting link between businesses and consumers by explaining the goods and services available for sale. Financial analysis, production, and strategic management are not used to inform the potential customers about new items for sale.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: LAP-EC-019 Strictly Business (Business Activities)
19. C
Distributor. A distributor purchases products from a manufacturer and then resells them. A car dealership purchases new cars from the Ford manufacturer and resells them to customers. A manufacturer, such as a Ford factory, creates products out of raw materials (or premade parts). Traders and importers are not types of business models.
SOURCE: EC:138
SOURCE: Job, A. (2016, August 15). Types of business models. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.entrepreneurmag.co.za/advice/starting-a-business/business-model/types-ofbusiness-models/
20. D
By giving a business a competitive edge. Innovation is key for a business's long-term survival outlook. It must constantly look for ways to improve products, develop new products or processes, obtain new markets, etc., if it is to survive in today's marketplace. When a business innovates, it obtains an advantage over its competitors that enables the business to attract customers. Although innovation may be disruptive to the way things have always been done, it doesn't make it impossible for employees to predict what's coming next. Although some innovations may cut costs, not all of them do. Innovation does not relate to organizational conflict.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107 Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
21. D
Transfer the risk. Along with reasonable prevention, risks may be transferred to some other person or business. This would most effectively be done through the purchase of insurance. Preventing the risk means to absolutely prevent the possibility of fire, which is not realistic. If fire were to occur, even after thorough prevention, the business would experience a great financial loss if it was not insured. Retaining the risk means to do nothing about the risk. This would be an ineffective means of dealing with this particular risk. Avoiding the risk means to recognize and then avoid or eliminate the risk completely. It would be very difficult to completely avoid or eliminate the risk of fire.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
22. B
Collective bargaining. Collective bargaining is the process in which unions and company officials engage to determine worker contracts. Strikes occur when the collective bargaining process breaks down, and the employees refuse to work. When employees picket, they stand outside the company to protest such things as company policies and pay scales. In a corporate campaign, dissatisfied union members might disrupt a company's shareholder meetings or even attempt to buy up stock and gain more control of the company.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: LAP-EC-005 Get United (Organized Labor)
23. C
Structural. Structural unemployment occurs when workers' skills don't match up with the jobs available. This often happens when there are technological advances, like in Randy's situation. Although he is a skilled worker, the jobs available need a different set of skills. In Randy's case, his best option is to get more education or training so he will have the necessary skills to become employed again. Frictional unemployment occurs when the right jobs and workers just haven't been matched up. Unlike with structural employment, there is a job that utilizes the employee's skills, but s/he just hasn't found it yet. Cyclical unemployment happens when there's an overall decline in the economy. For example, when a recession hits, fewer people are able to find employment. This is not the case for Randy, as there are plenty of jobs. He just doesn't have the skills necessary for any of them. Seasonal unemployment is predictable and expected in many industries. For example, teachers aren't usually employed in the summer.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: LAP-EC-029 Help Wanted? (Impact of Unemployment Rates)
24. D
Interests. Interests are the things that a person is curious about, concerned for, or involved with. When assessing their personal strengths and weaknesses, people often identify their interests because interests are strong points that might lead to appropriate occupations. For example, an individual works on the school newspaper, likes to create posters for upcoming events, and belongs to the English club. These interests are this person's strengths. After assessing personal strengths and weaknesses, individuals might select suitable careers. Assessing personal strengths and weaknesses does not involve identifying benefits or risks.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017 Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
25. B
Dishonest. One form of dishonesty is lying or deliberately misleading others by giving a wrong or false impression. This is not a form of good business, but bad business as it creates mistrust in the minds of customers. Poor communications are ineffective efforts to provide information, not deliberate efforts to deceive. Being tactless is lacking in tact, the ability to do or say the right thing in a given situation.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 221). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
26. D
Are being treated the way we deserve to be treated. Our general understanding of fairness usually means that we feel that we are being treated the way we deserve. It does not always mean getting our way and receiving the outcomes we want. Fairness also does not always mean we feel happy and satisfied with others' decisions. Fairness does not mean that we are being treated better than others.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
27. C
You cannot take the credit for your successes. If you cannot take the blame for your mistakes, then you cannot take the credit for your successes because you've given up control over your own life. To be responsible, a person must assume accountability for all of his/her actions and decisions. Your friends may or may not take the blame for you. Not taking the blame for your mistakes doesn't necessarily mean you'll never be successful or will have difficulty graduating, but it will certain cause other problems in your life.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075 It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
28. C
Damage the person's reputation. Gossip that may hurt a person or damage that person's reputation or character is malicious. Employees who spread malicious gossip about coworkers are behaving unethically. If an employee hears malicious gossip about a coworker, that employee should refuse to pass on the information. Employees who try to stop the spread of malicious gossip are behaving ethically because most gossip is inaccurate. Spreading malicious gossip may make people uncomfortable or affect their social lives, but those are not reasons it is unethical. Malicious gossip probably will not earn a person a promotion.
SOURCE: EI:038
SOURCE: Conlan, C. (2017). 4 ways to handle gossip at work. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/ways-to-handle-gossip-at-work
29. B
Established personal credibility. Credibility is believability. To be able to persuade others, individuals need to be credible so others believe what they say. Individuals who are credible have a reputation of providing accurate information in a fair manner. They are well-informed and use reliable sources to support their opinions and ideas. As a result, others believe them and often are persuaded to do what they want. Because Alicia is an honest person who has prior experience with the process, she has credibility. There is not enough information provided to determine if Alicia has exhibited cultural sensitivity, demonstrated empathy, or coached others effectively.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121 Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
30. A
Brainstorming. Many people use brainstorming to come up with ideas to resolve conflicts. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Debating is disagreeing. Deciding is choosing among alternatives. Mediating is a process that involves asking a neutral third party to help resolve a conflict. It is not considered a creative solution.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007 Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
31. A
Talk through the situation with a friend or coworker. Sharing your feelings with others is one way to manage stress. Holding stress inside doesn't make it go away in fact, it usually just makes it worse. Talking through problems with a friend or trusted coworker can often reduce stress. Creating an employee survey is a way that employers can identify stress. Zane should not take on a greater amount of work or skip work often.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025 Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
32. D
Track the coachee's progress. Once a coach and coachee have developed an improvement plan, the coach must track the coachee's progress and provide support whenever possible. A coach and coachee must work together to set goals before an action or improvement plan can be implemented. A coach should provide constructive criticism so it comes across as helpful, instead of harsh. Harsh criticism tends to make coachees feel defensive. A coach does not always give monetary rewards to the coachee.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041 Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
33. A
More ethically. One benefit of assessing the long-term value and impact of your actions on others is helping you to act more ethically (with integrity and honesty). Considering the needs of others is an important part of ethical behavior. Assessing the long-term value and impact of your actions on others won't necessarily help you to act on behalf of your business, in your own best interest, or your age.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137 Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
34. D
Rule of law. Although the rules at your school and work are not laws, it's still ethically important to follow them. Following your teacher's rules is not an example of trust, viability, or transparency.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123 Rules to Live By (Nature of Ethics)
35. A
Idea generation. Coming up with an idea is the first step in the entrepreneurial process; without an initial idea, none of the other steps can be completed. A feasibility study is conducted to see if the idea is viable. Two steps in the feasibility study are illumination (where the idea becomes realistic) and verification (where the idea is found to be practical and useful).
SOURCE: EN:039
SOURCE: Chand, S. (2014, February 8). Entrepreneurship: Characteristics, importance, types, and functions of entrepreneurship. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/entrepreneur/entrepreneurship-characteristicsimportancetypes-and-functions-of-entrepreneurship/5228/
36. A
Commodity. Commodity money is a physical item that has value on its own. A cow, for example, has value even if it is not being used as money. Fiat money is not backed by a commodity. Instead, it has value because the government says it does. Representative money can be traded in for something valuable. A cow is not an example of paper money.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2017). What is money? The evolution of money. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.moneyinstructor.com/doc/moneyevolution.asp
37. D
Short-term; long-term. Saving money involves putting away a portion of your income to use in the future. This may involve placing money in a savings account where you can easily withdraw the funds when you need them. Saving money can help you achieve your short-term goals such as buying a new computer or taking a trip. Often, people use their savings to make investments. Investing money involves using money to make money. By investing your money, you can make more money than you can with just income and savings. The money you make from your investments can help you achieve your long-term goals such as funding your children's college education, starting your own business, or using it for living expenses when you retire. Your career goals involve your vocation, occupation, or profession and do not always involve saving or investing money.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: The Money Advice Service. (n.d.). Should I save or invest my money? Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/en/articles/should-i-save-or-invest
38. A
Phishing. Phishing occurs when a scammer sends out an email pretending to be a legitimate company, such as a credit card company, in order to gain personal information. The phisher typically sends readers to a fake website that asks them to enter personal information, which can include credit card numbers, social security numbers, bank account numbers, etc. It's a good idea to be especially suspicious of any requests for personal information you receive online. Avoid giving out personal information unless you contact the company yourself. Skimming occurs when a thief runs a credit card through a "skimmer" to steal personal information. Hacking involves a person gaining access to a computer system to steal information. Baiting is not a term commonly used to describe phishing.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Microsoft Safety & Security Center. (2017). How to recognize phishing email messages, links, or phone calls. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.microsoft.com/enus/safety/online-privacy/phishing-symptoms.aspx
39. D
Depreciation. The biggest risk to a real estate investment is depreciation. If property values go down, the investor will not make a return and could even lose money. Only bank accounts are FDIC-insured, so not having that advantage does not necessarily make real estate a riskier investment than any other ownership investment. The same goes for the inability to write checks this is not an advantage any other ownership investments have, either. As with most ownership investments, real estate has the potential for a high rate of return.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
40. C
Health. Health insurance covers such medical expenses as hospital bills, doctors' fees, lab charges, and other medical costs. Disability insurance is sometimes called loss-of-income insurance because it pays a percentage of a worker's normal wages to the worker when s/he cannot work because of an illness or injury. Life insurance pays a sum of money at the time of death. Term is a form of life insurance that covers a specific number of years.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 343-344]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
41. C
Accrual. Businesses using the accrual accounting method journalize income and expenditures at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. This means that the business enters the amount of a transaction into the appropriate journal when a customer makes a credit purchase, or when the business orders goods from a supplier. Businesses using the cash accounting method record income and expenditures at the time the money changes hands. This means that the business enters the amount of a transaction into one of its journals on the day the money is received from a customer or paid out to a creditor. Managerial accounting involves reporting financial data to internal users. Tax accounting involves recording transactions for tax purposes. Finemart does not use the cash accounting method, and there is no indication that it is using managerial accounting or tax accounting to record transactions, either.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085 Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
42. A
To provide external sources with accurate financial information. The accounting function collects and records the financial information in the appropriate format. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. For example, some governments require large businesses to use a specific accounting method, such as the accrual method. The accrual accounting method records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. An advantage of using the accrual method is that it provides investors, creditors, and customers with a more accurate picture of a business's cash flow over time. Governments do not require businesses to use a specific accounting method to ensure that they are complying with intellectual property laws, to control the ways in which businesses develop credit policies, or to monitor how businesses establish sales goals and budgets.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Fishman, S. (2017). Cash vs. accrual accounting. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/cash-vs-accrual-accounting-29513.html
43. C
Career and education planning. Career and education planning is an example of an employee-assistance program a company may offer. Employee-assistance programs are part of the HR management activity of employee relations. Compensation is pay for work completed, not extra assistance. Training on the use of dangerous power equipment is a compliance issue. Corrective action is a training and development issue that occurs when an employee's performance is not up to standard.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035 People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. B
Unethically. Unethical behavior is behavior that is wrong or immoral. It is often considered unethical to obtain information about competitors with the use of questionable techniques, even though these techniques are legal. For example, it is illegal to take aerial photographs of a competitor's facility, but it is not illegal to purchase aerial photographs from governmental agencies that have obtained them for other purposes. However, buying those photographs with the intent of obtaining information about a competitor's operation is usually considered to be unethical. Using questionable techniques to obtain information is not an example of being reckless, aggressive, or careless.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: LAP-IM-025 Info With Integrity (Ethics in Marketing-Information Management)
45. C
A marketer tells a customer that s/he is conducting research, and then begins a sales pitch. SUGGING is an acronym for "selling under the guise of research." SUGGING is an unethical practice in which a marketer pretends to conduct research but, in fact, is really attempting to sell a good or service to a consumer. SUGGING is deceptive and rarely facilitates a long-term selling relationship. It also harms the integrity of the general marketing-research field because potential respondents who have been subjected to SUGGING are less likely to trust researchers and are likely to question their true motives. A telemarketer who asks a person if s/he knows anyone who might buy a certain product is trying to obtain a referral. Sending samples to consumers is a promotional technique. A salesperson providing a customer the opportunity to try a product for a certain period of time is implementing a strategy to make a sale.
SOURCE: IM:419
SOURCE: Mordecai, V. (2014, October 9). Sugging is not (good) market research. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.insightsassociation.org/article/sugging-not-good-marketresearch
46. A
Thorough. An important characteristic of effective marketing research is that it should be thorough. Incomplete or insufficient research won't give the business enough information to enable it to make good decisions. The way in which the research is carried out would determine whether or not it was efficient. Predictive research is marketing research used to help the business forecast future business developments. Some aspects of marketing research are tedious, tiresome, monotonous, or boring, but these aspects are not necessarily related to the amount of information gathered.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
47. D
It is conducted during a short time frame. Qualitative research is conducted during a short timeframe. It uses small samples of the population and is based on subjective data thoughts, feeling, experiences, emotions, etc. Quantitative research uses experiments as a method; qualitative research relies more on questionnaires, focus groups, informal interview, etc.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: LAP-IM-015 What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
48. A
How much data to collect. A research project's master plan, known as the research design, determines the types of data needed, how much data to collect, what collection methods to use, and how the data will be analyzed. The company should already know its target market and the purpose of the research before creating a research design. The research design does not include information about how much marketers will be paid.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: LAP-IM-284 Better by Design (Marketing Research Designs)
49. B
Stratified random sampling. Stratified random sampling is a probability sampling method in which researchers break the target population down into non-overlapping groups and draw simple random samples from each one. The results are representative, yet marketers still have the ability to study distinct subgroups within the population. Simple random sampling is a probability sampling method in which every sampling unit has a known and equal chance of being selected. Systematic random sampling is a probability sampling method in which researchers place sampling units into a random list and draw a sample using a skip interval. Cluster sampling is a probability sampling method in which researchers divide the target population into non-overlapping subpopulations that are determined by geography and then randomly sample each one.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: LAP-IM-016 Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
50. B
Customers' product preferences. Internal records provide businesses with information about their customers' buying habits and product usage. By reviewing inventory reports, a business can determine which products are selling well and which products are moving slowly. This information may prompt the business to phase out the slow moving product and increase promotional efforts for the products that are selling well. Customers' invoices provide information about an individual customer's buying preferences and habits. For example, invoices might reveal that certain customers buy a certain quantity of a particular product four times a month. By knowing this type of information, the business can customize promotions for its customers and take steps to ensure that it has sufficient product on hand when it is needed. Financial reports provide information about customers' credit status and limits. Customer invoices do not provide information about a product's level of quality. Businesses need to analyze industry and competitors' data and compare them with internal data to evaluate their market share.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 594-595). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
51. A
Tabulation. In many cases, processing marketing information involves tabulating the results. Tabulating is counting the number of respondents who answered each question with one of the possible answers. For example, if 100 people answered a questionnaire, researchers need to know how many of them agreed, disagreed, or had no opinion about the questions. Also, tabulating helps researchers to determine if some people did not answer all the questions, which might have an effect on the accuracy of the information. Listing the number of respondents who answered a certain way to each question is not an example of deviation, proportion, or association.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: QuickMBA. (1999-2010). Marketing research. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.quickmba.com/marketing/research/
52. D
Express a biased attitude when asking questions. If an interviewer uses a particular tone of voice, emotionally charged words, or expresses personal or biased opinions during an interview, respondents may feel uncomfortable and less willing to provide honest answers. When respondents do not answer interview questions honestly, the integrity of the marketing research is compromised. To reduce risks associated with improper interviewing techniques, interviewers should receive proper training, which helps them learn how to ask questions in an objective manner. Communicating clearly, ensuring that respondents answer all of the questions, and allowing respondents to answer questions honestly are ways in which interviewers can reduce the risk of marketing-research errors.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 382-383, 390]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. B
Marketing concept. The marketing concept expresses a philosophy of conducting business that is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Product planning, pricing, promoting, and distributing goods and services are elements of the marketing mix. The consumers' movement refers to organized efforts by consumers to establish fairness, quality, and safety in the marketplace.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004 Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
54. B
Psychographic. Market segmentation is dividing the market into groups that have similar characteristics. Segmenting markets helps businesses identify the people who are most likely to buy their products. Businesses segment markets in different ways. In the example, the athletic apparel store used psychographics to divide the market, which means that the market is divided on the basis of a lifestyle choice running. Geographic segmentation involves dividing a market on the basis of location (e.g., zip code). Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. A business that segments the market on the basis of demographics considers factors such as the age, gender, and ethnicity of the population. Rate of usage is a type of behavioral segmentation, which involves dividing customers into groups according to their response to a product.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
55. A
What are our customers buying? A situation analysis is a determination of a business's current situation and the direction in which the business is headed. A situation analysis evaluates many internal and external factors. The business's customers (target market) are an external factor the business considers when conducting a situation analysis. The business needs to know which products the customers are buying so it can determine if it needs to make product line changes, delete items, add items, etc. Answering questions about financing, efficiency, and shipping companies do not help the business obtain information about its target market.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Boundless. (2017, March 29). Conducting a situation analysis. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.boundless.com/marketing/textbooks/boundless-marketingtextbook/marketing-strategies-and-planning-2/steps-to-creating-a-marketing-plan28/conducting-a-situational-analysis-151-7221/
56. A
The business's resources. A business that is short of operating funds could use a short-term forecast in order to determine whether sales income will be enough to cover operating expenses. A business that has plenty of financial resources can afford to prepare a longer term sales forecast. Other factors that affect how far ahead a business needs to predict its sales are the objectives of the business, the purpose(s) of the forecast, and the conditions of the market. The choice of forecasting methods is affected by the type of information that is available. The productivity of the business affects the level at which the sales forecast will be set. Changes in the number of competitors or in their marketing strategies may require that sales forecasts be adjusted. However, the similarity of competitors does not affect the selection of a time frame for forecasting sales.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: LAP-MP-005 Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
57. A
A government agency. A government agency, such as the Bureau of Labor Statistics, should contain unbiased, accurate information. A term paper and a personal blog would probably be biased based on the writer's viewpoint. Although Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, you might have received wiki information when it was inaccurate.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: GCF LearnFree. (1998-2017). How to judge online information. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/searchbetter/judging-online-information/1/
58. A
Find and replace. The find and replace function allows computer users to make changes to their documents quickly. This function is beneficial when working with large documents that contain multiple words or phrases that need to be changed. The cut function allows a computer user to remove text or graphics from the document. The paste function allows a computer user to place cut or copied text or graphics in the document. Although the cut and paste functions allow users to change words, they are not as quick as the find and replace function, which is one step. The header and footer function allows a computer user to place document names and page numbers into a document. The style and formatting function allows a computer user to organize the document's contents in a standard or consistent manner.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2017). Find and replace text and other data in a Word document. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Find-and-replace-text-andother-data-in-a-Word-document-c6728c16-469e-43cd-afe4-7708c6c779b7
59. A
Web server. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a web server or Internet service provider (IPS). The Web server or IPS may charge a fee to post and store the web page, although some web servers will provide the service free of charge. Developers post web pages for many reasons, which may include selling products to interested audiences. Legal permits are not required to post a web page.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Build-Website.com. (2010). Upload web page to server. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://build-website.com/guide/upload.html
60. A
Unconsidered variables or dimensions. Simpson's Paradox occurs when a trend that appears in different groups of data disappears when the groups are combined. It helps to reveal instances where data can be misinterpreted or variables can be overlooked because data have not been examined from multiple perspectives. Simpson's Paradox does not necessarily account for human error, inconsistencies in data generation, or incorrect assumptions about data.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Reda, G. (2014, March 23). Principles of good data analysis. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.gregreda.com/2014/03/23/principles-of-good-data-analysis/
61. B
See patterns within data. Data mining is a way for businesses to see the relationships and patterns within data. Data mining can give businesses the information they need to make decisions, but it cannot make decisions for them. Businesses must decide for themselves why the information is valuable. Businesses still need to understand data.
SOURCE: NF:152
SOURCE: SAS. (2017, August 7). Data mining: What it is and why it matters. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.sas.com/en_us/insights/analytics/data-mining.html
62. A
Protecting the environment. The growing concern over the condition of the environment is influencing the way that many companies do business. Businesses that once ignored the damage they did to the environment are now spending billions of dollars to correct the problems and to change the way they operate. Public sentiment is forcing these companies to address environmental issues, such as pollution. The businesses that fail to do their part to protect the environment often anger consumers, which may lead to a loss of sales. The government, rather than business, is concerned with the distribution of wealth. Monitoring the economy is not a new trend but an ongoing business function. Businesses do not regulate government; instead, government regulates business.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zahorsky, D. (2016, June 1). Emerging business trends that are rocking the business world. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/business-trends-affectprofitability-2951403
63. B
Product improvements helped boost sales. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. Businesses use statistics to evaluate performance and identify trends. In the situation described, the business used statistics to identify a specific increase in sales after it made improvements to a product. There is not enough information provided to know how the statistical information relates to the company's sales goals, sales forecasts, and research and development budget.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Bianca, A. (2011, August 14). The advantages of statistics in business. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-statistics-business-18698.html
64. B
Yes, because it involves the operational aspects of safety and security. Operations management involves the processes used by both internal and external customers. Emergency training in human resources improves the processes the department would use in emergency situations. The human resources department is an internal part of the company, not an outside customer. Internal customers can also benefit from improvements in operations management. The human resources department does use processes, or operations, to complete valuable internal tasks for the organization.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Dhoul, T. (2014, April 30). What is operations management? Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.topmba.com/mba-programs/what-operations-management
65. C
Boxes stacked in front of a fire exit. Nothing should ever block a fire exit. If a fire breaks out and the building's fire exit is blocked, employees may not be able to vacate the premises. Proper lighting, wide aisles, and secure locking systems promote workplace safety rather than present a workplace hazard.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: SafeWork SA. (2014, October 21). Managing the work environment and facilities. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.safework.sa.gov.au/show_page.jsp?id=113704
66. D
A new customer's check is for an amount larger than the purchase total. The customer's check may be valid, or it may be a bad check because there is not enough money in the customer's account to honor the check. If the business accepts a bad check, the bank will not honor the check, and the business will lose not only the value of the customer's purchase but the additional cash as well. To protect themselves, some businesses require checks for more than the purchase total to be approved by a manager. A regular customer who brings in a new neighbor does not represent a risk to the business. Most customers are rightfully impatient when they are kept waiting by telephone transactions. Photo identification is considered the most acceptable form because it carries both a picture and a signature.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Connecticut Department of Banking. (2002-2017). Checks and related issues. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.ct.gov/dob/cwp/view.asp?a=2235&q=297900
67. D
Standards. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for making comparisons or judgments. Managers often use standards as the basis for evaluating project results. For example, one standard might be financial, such as to increase sales by a certain amount. Then, the manager compares the results with the standard to determine if the project was effective. Techniques are methods or activities that might be used to carry out the project. Resources are items that are needed to complete a project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 258). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. B
Reorder. A purchase order is written documentation that a company provides to its suppliers. It outlines specific items, prices, and delivery dates for desired goods. A reorder is an order that is placed for the same items that have previously been ordered to replenish items that have been used or sold. Back orders are items that vendors do not have available for shipment at the time the customer requests the goods. Production and line requisitions are not terms generally used in the purchasing environment.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Davidson, E. (n.d.). A basic inventory control tutorial. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/basic-inventory-control-tutorial-2230.html
69. A
Creating a quality culture. A business with a quality culture believes that each employee has valuable ideas. A quality culture involves nurturing an environment in which all employees are committed to consistently achieve the business's quality standards and look for ways to improve those standards. Improvement might involve reorganizing priorities, supporting various initiatives, increasing personal work efficiency, streamlining processes, using creative thinking, improving goods and services, and obtaining external resources.
SOURCE: OP:019
SOURCE: Leadership Review. (2014, December 12). How to build a culture of quality for your organization. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from https://www.leadershipreview.net/buildinga-culture-of-quality
70. C
Payroll. One of a business's biggest expenses is payroll. Therefore, it is important for businesses to get full value for their payroll dollars to control expenses. Employees who arrive on time and work their designated hours are helping to ensure that the business receives the time it pays for. Advertising, taxes, and rent are other types of business expenses that are not under the employee's control.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025 Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)
71. B
Maximum. Cathy is asking her friends to use the maximum-input decision-making style one in which the entire group decides together. With the minimum-input style, the decision maker decides without help. With the moderate-input style, the decision maker asks for some help before deciding. Medium is not used to describe decision-making styles.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: LAP-PD-010 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
72. B
It moves the world along. Without creativity, we would still be living in caves. Everything in our existence is based on something that was once a new idea. Without creativity, we'd have no new goods or services. Many highly intelligent people are not creative. Creative people think in abstract terms so that they are able to see what is not readily apparent. Creative people prefer variety and change to routine.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012 Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
73. A
Things. Individuals should consider what they like to do, their favorite activities, when identifying possible occupations. For example, some individuals enjoy operating machinery, driving vehicles, or using tools. As a result, they might consider a career that involves working with things which are tangible items. Examples include a landscaper who operates equipment and drives a truck, and a carpenter who uses tools to build furniture. Careers that involve working with people and animals require a lot of personal interaction and patience. Careers that involve working with information involve keeping track of data such as facts and statistics.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 38-41). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
74. D
Dear Mr. Martinez. Even if the interview was fairly casual, it's always better to err on the side of formality. If Javier isn't sure whether he should refer to his potential employer as Mr. Martinez or Dan, he should go with Mr. Martinez. It's very unlikely that his potential employer will take offense to that, but he may take offense to being referred to by his first name. Starting a thank you letter with "Hi Dan" is definitely too informal. It's important to send follow-up letters after every job interview. This includes casual interviews, interviews that didn't go well, and interviews for jobs you don't think you want.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 375-379]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
75. A
Rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. An organizational chart is a graphical representation of the flow of authority within an organization. Formal methods of settling disagreements between workers and employers are grievance procedures. Articles of incorporation is a document outlining a corporation's name, purpose, location, amount of stock to be issued, names of the board of directors, and other information about the conditions under which the business will operate.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Brunot, T. (n.d.). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.ehow.com/about_6559640_importance-code-conduct.html
76. A
Decision-making. With the marketing environment growing at such a fast pace, employers are looking for people who can think fast on their feet. To do this, marketers need to be independent thinkers who can solve problems without needing supervision. Examples of decision-making skills that marketers use regularly include determining what customers need, solving customers' problems, and resolving complaints. Creativity involves using imagination and intellect to generate new ideas. Creativity is not necessarily a fast process. People knowledge and skills deal with knowing what makes customers tick and how to best work with meeting customers' needs.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: LAP-PD-021 Career Opportunities in Marketing
77. C
Where the product is sold. The place function involves shipping, handling, and storing of items and determining when and where they will be available. Pricing affects the place decision by determining where the product is sold. Products with high prices usually are sold in stores that carry expensive items, while products with low prices often are sold in other types of stores, such as discounters. The price function does not influence the place function by determining why the product is shipped, how the product is advertised, or when the product is made.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002 The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. C
Products are sold below cost. Loss-leader pricing involves selling products near or below cost. In some situations, laws prohibit the use of loss-leader pricing if the products are sold below cost. The reason is that the prices may be so low that competition is eliminated. However, the laws governing loss-leader pricing are seldom enforced because customers benefit from the low prices. Businesses often do not make any profit on loss-leader pricing because the purpose of that tactic is to attract customers who then will buy additional items at the regular price. Customers do not pay a premium when buying loss-leader items. Competitors often match the loss-leader price or try to beat it.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 595-596). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. D
Rate at which existing products become obsolete. Technology advances so rapidly that products introduced to market are quickly being reintroduced with upgrades or changes that make the original obsolete. The problem is that many technically advanced products have a short life cycle because more advanced products take their place. Increasing the introduction of new products and improving customer awareness will increase customer satisfaction and, as a result, increase sales and profitability. These are advantages of new technology.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Reynolds, P. (2011, December). Managing obsolete technologies: Strategies and practices. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://iom.invensys.com/EN/pdfLibrary/ManagingObsoleteTechnologiesStrategiesandPractices.pdf
80. C
Observing the competition. Businesses often observe the products developed by competitors in order to identify possible product opportunities. For example, a business might observe that a competitor's new product is popular and selling well. As a result, the business develops a similar product that is somewhat more advanced. By paying attention to what competitors are doing, businesses often are able to identify product opportunities. Once the opportunity is identified, businesses often evaluate a prototype and test the market. One of the final steps before introducing a new product is developing a brand.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 707-709). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. A
Come up with as many ideas as possible. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. The process involves getting ideas out in an open, nonjudgmental environment. Therefore, rating and analyzing ideas are not primary goals during brainstorming sessions.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127 Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
82. A
U.S. Department of Agriculture. Federal law states that all meat that is shipped across state lines is subject to inspection by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The U.S. Department of Commerce grades fish that is sold for commercial consumption, but this is a voluntary program. The Interstate Commerce Commission regulates rates and other aspects of commercial transportation between states. The Federal Trade Commission administers and enforces antitrust laws to prevent price fixing and to prohibit unfair competitive practices.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: LAP-PM-008 Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
83. B
Line. An example of a product line would be bread, rolls, cookies, and cakes in a supermarket. Product items are each individual good, service, or idea that a business offers for sale. A product mix is the particular assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Expansion is a product mix strategy in which a business expands its product mix by adding additional product items or product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003 Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
84. A
Buy item Y and receive service W free for six months. Product bundling involves combining goods and/or services and offering them to customers as one product for a lower price than if the customers were to buy all of the products individually. Often, businesses bundle new products with existing products in order to create interest in the new product. A business that provides a free service for a certain amount of time hopes that the customer gets used to having the service and will pay to continue receiving the service once the free offer expires. Businesses may use rebates, invoice discounts, and coupons in conjunction with product-bundle strategies.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Boone, G., & Kurtz, D.L. (2013). Contemporary marketing 2013 (p. 660). Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
85. D
Unique attributes. Product positioning is the customer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products. In the example, the company emphasizes that its products' ingredients are organically grown. Because organic ingredients are product attributes, Naturally Yours Cosmetics is using the attributes to set itself apart from other cosmetic companies that provide similar products. The business is not using price, customization, or product reliability to position its skin-care line.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: LAP-PM-019 Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
86. B
Use the brand name in multinational marketing. A good brand name should be easy to pronounce in all countries where the product will be marketed. For example, Kodak and Exxon are easy to pronounce by people who speak other languages. The business would want to establish a brand in consumers' minds, not change it frequently. The business would also want the brand name to set its product(s) apart rather than making them resemble competitive products. The length of the brand name, rather than its adaptability, makes it appropriate for packaging and advertising.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
87. B
Touch points. Touch points are all the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand values. Any chance a business gets to interact with customers is a touch point; this includes products, packaging, employee interactions, websites, advertisements, social media interactions, and much more. Logos are distinctive symbols, designs, or groups of letters. Distributor brands are owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brands, rather than the manufacturer. Corporate brands are all the combined customer impressions and experiences associated with a particular company.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020 Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
88. C
Demand. Demand for certain products tends to change with the seasons, such as air conditioners for summer. This means that Tim needs to adjust his promotion to meet this change. Technology deals with technological developments, not demand for a product. Legal and political factors deal with government regulations and restrictions, not demand for a product. Cultural and social trends deal with changes in attitudes, lifestyles, and tastes of the consumers, not demand for a product.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
89. B
Deceptive. When a promotion includes misleading or untrue claims, it is considered to be deceiving to consumers. An offensive promotion is one that is in bad taste, vulgar, or insulting to consumers. When a promotion reinforces stereotypes, it portrays people in ways that are stereotypical. Promotions that manipulate a consumer are ones that persuade people to act against their free will to purchase a good or service that they may not need.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: LAP-PR-004 Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
90. C
Cost efficiency. Computer software developments have made it possible for advertisers and agencies to calculate and analyze data to determine a medium's reach, frequency, and cost efficiency in relation to the overall placement. This information can now be calculated by computer programs instead of manually, which took a much longer time to ascertain. The information is used to determine optimal venues for advertising placement. Attention value refers to the level of viewer interest as it relates to the ad's message, copy, and medium. Attention value is a qualitative consideration and can be difficult to measure or calculate. Promotional mix is defined as a combination of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. Audience fluency is not a term that is widely used in the promotion industry.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 277-279). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. D
Imprinted with the business's name/logo. Specialty items must pass three criteria. They must have the business's name or logo printed on them. An example would be a Century 21 key chain. Also, they should be given away freely, not sold to a customer for any price. Finally, they should be a useful item (as opposed to simply decorative) such as a pen or baseball cap. An item does not need to be delivered through the postal service to be considered a specialty item.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
92. D
An apparel company mails its latest catalog to customers who have ordered items within a year. Direct advertising refers to promotional messages that are sent directly to the target market through a medium in which market response can be measured. Catalogs that are mailed directly to established customers represent an example of direct advertising. Unless interactive capabilities are available, television is usually considered a mass medium that has substantial reach but cannot always be measured effectively. Therefore, the options referring to soft drinks and hotel chains are not examples of direct advertising. Telephone surveys are considered a function related to market research rather than promotion.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 396-397). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. D
Generate an immediate response. A communications channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. In sales promotion, coupons are a type of communications channel that are used to provide information about products to customers. The reason for using coupons is to generate an immediate response by offering reduced prices on specific items. The hope is that customers will be motivated to buy the product now because of the information they received. Sales promotion is usually intended to encourage a quick response, while advertising is intended to create long-term demand and persuade customers to remain loyal. Sales promotion involves promotional activities other than advertising.
SOURCE: PR:249
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 405-411). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Public relations. Public relations is a function of business designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. One way to establish good relations is to communicate with the public. Businesses often hold press conferences and give interviews to communicate information and pass on positive news about the business. Corporate management involves managing the business. Personal selling is the form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Target marketing is the identification and selection of markets for a business or for a product.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 396-399). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
95. B
Customer service. Salespeople strive to develop and maintain positive relationships with customers to keep them as customers. Effective salespeople know that customers expect more than just a product when they purchase something. The salespeople who are able to provide excellent service for their customers are usually able to maintain positive selling relationships with them. Excellent demonstrations might help to sell customers the first time, but will not help to develop positive relationships unless salespeople also provide good service. Salespeople are not responsible for providing sales management. Providing the opportunity to buy will not necessarily help to develop positive relationships with customers.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: LAP-SE-130 Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
96. D
Preparation. This involves gathering information about potential clients in order to understand the client's needs and problems. Gathering information is also important when considering how business products can meet the needs of clients. Referrals are individuals or businesses to whom salespeople are recommended. Offering quality repair service and credit are ways businesses can build a clientele, not selling activities.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: LAP-SE-115 Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
97. D
Unfair trade. Activities such as stealing a competitor's trade secrets, or attempting to get a competitor's customer to breach a contract, are considered unfair trade practices and are illegal practices in many countries. Consumer protection laws address issues such as product safety, consumer credit, and warranties.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2014). Unfair trade practice. Retrieved September 6, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/unfair-trade-practice.asp
98. B
Customers. Customers may have discovered new or different uses for products through actual use of the products. The product manual and factory visits provide basic information rather than innovative product uses. Sales personnel seldom have contact with inventors.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: LAP-SE-131 Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
99. A
Service and warranty. When a customer buying an appliance, piece of electronics, or vehicle asks questions about repairs, the salesperson should explain features and benefits relating to its service and warranty. In some cases, whether or not a customer buys depends on the service your company offers and/or the warranty on the product. These factors may convince the customer to buy, and they are more important to a practical customer than a product's popularity, appearance, style, or history.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: LAP-SE-113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. A
Material. Material resources are equipment and supplies used by businesses in their operation. Financial resources are all the sources of money available to the business. Human resources are people who work to produce goods or services. Natural resources are resources found in nature that are used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test 1171
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Legal procedure. Procedural law controls the workings of courts and the method by which rights are enforced. Legal procedure means that rights must be enforced in court, so the business is guaranteed an opportunity to present evidence to defend itself. This is not because of legislative history, personal rights, or business rules.
SOURCE: BL:070
SOURCE: Hazard, G., Jescheck, H., Yeazell, S.C., & Weigend, T. (2017, January 20). Procedural law. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.britannica.com/topic/procedural-law
2. A
Control of supply. Administrative law is a branch of law that addresses the rules and regulations that have been established by governmental agencies. The legislative branch of the government (i.e., U.S. Congress and Canadian Parliament) establishes governmental agencies and gives them authority to enact and enforce regulations for three specific administrative functions. One administrative function is the control of supply for specific activities. In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is responsible for issuing radio and television licenses to applicants that meet the agency's standards. The control of rates involves regulating the prices for services such as utilities. Control of conduct focuses on the disclosure of information by businesses to consumers. Incorporation is the process of establishing a corporation as a form of business ownership.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011). Entrepreneurship: A small business approach (pp. 143-144). New York, NY: McGraw Hill.
3. C
Wholesaler to retailer to consumer. This channel would be the most efficient because of the distances and amount of product involved. The wholesaler can buy in large quantities from the producer and sell smaller quantities to the retailer, who will then sell consumers as few or as many DVD players as desired. By definition, wholesalers do not sell directly to consumers. Agents may be found in the channel but would not relate directly with a consumer.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. A
Implementing an automatic identification system. An automatic identification system uses electronic bar coding symbols to transmit information. Businesses often use bar coding as a way to keep track of their inventory and reorder stock. Bar coding eliminates the need to process inventory manually, which takes much more time and is subject to a higher rate of error. Although tracking shipping expenses through a database system and developing web sites require technology to operate, products do not necessarily move through the distribution chain more efficiently. Use of networked trading communities can potentially increase the efficiency of product movement. However, merely encouraging use of networked systems does not increase product movement efficiency.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 373-374, 567, 573). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
5. B
Hinder competition. Antitrust laws are regulations that prevent a person or company from taking any actions to restrain free trade and competition in the marketplace. Businesses should understand the types of business activities that violate antitrust laws, so they do not engage in them. If a business requires tying agreements or attempts to create a monopoly, it may be violating antitrust laws. The government fines a business when it violates antitrust laws. Actions that restrict efficiency or prohibit authority do not violate antitrust laws.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 506). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
6. A
Purchase higher quantities of the sale items in a timely manner. Channel management is the process by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively. Coordinating channel management with other marketing activities is important because the store must have items available to sell to the customers. This involves ordering the appropriate amount of items and ensuring that the items are delivered to the store before the promotional event or sale. Stores that promote goods they do not have in stock often annoy the customers who want to buy the items. A selective distribution strategy is a distribution pattern in which a producer sells a product through a limited number of intermediaries in a geographic location. An intensive distribution strategy involves a producer selling a product through every available intermediary. A business would not change its overall distribution strategy for a single promotional event. Hiring additional warehouse staff and sending copies of promotional literature to vendors will not ensure that the store has enough products available to meet the demand for the items during the sale.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 117, 119, 156]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
7. B
Affinity marketing. Affinity marketing is a partnership between multiple businesses to provide goods in exchange for access to a new market. Affiliate marketing is the process of promoting and selling another business's products in exchange for a sales commission. Cross linking is promoting your company on another company's website and allowing them to promote their company on your website. Social media marketing is promoting your company over social media channels.
SOURCE: CM:021
SOURCE: Marketing-Schools.org. (2012). Affinity marketing. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.marketing-schools.org/types-of-marketing/affinity-marketing.html
8. C
Paraphrasing. Paraphrasing involves restating a message in other words in order to confirm or clarify its meaning. Nonverbal communication techniques include gestures, nodding, smiling, etc. Probing is seeking to uncover what others think, feel, or know.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Seeds for Change. (n.d.). Active listening. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.seedsforchange.org.uk/activelistening
9. B
Admit that you don't know the answer, and ask a colleague. If you don't know the answer, it's best to admit that to your customer. However, you should also try to help the customer by asking a colleague or referring the customer to a place where s/he can find the answer. You should not tell a customer information that may not be correct. You should not distract the customer or process the customer's return without verifying the return policy.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Ruder, G. (2014, October 20). Top techniques for effectively answering questions at work. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.celebritystaff.com/blog/2009/11/05/toptechniques-for-effectively-answering-questions-at-work
10. B
Tell the customer you're happy to hear about his vacation, but you have to take another call. It's important to be as professional and polite as possible, even if a talkative caller is taking up too much of your work time. By saying something courteous yet assertive, like, "I'm happy to hear about your vacation, but I have to take another call now," you're letting the caller know that you appreciate his personal stories, but that you also have work to do. This customer brings money to your business, so you don't want to be rude or risk offending him. You shouldn't tell the customer that you don't have time for him, even if he's just telling personal stories. You also shouldn't transfer the call to another person, as that would be considered rude both to the customer and your coworker. Although it's important to sound interested when you're talking to a customer, you shouldn't talk to them for too long, especially not if you have important work to do. It's necessary to strike a good balance between making a customer connection and asserting yourself.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2017, February 15). Customer service closing statements: End a phone call professionally. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/end-phonecalls-professionally-2533712
11. B
Specific. A letter of inquiry is typically a brief email or written letter used to request information, appointments, funding, or other assistance from letter recipients. Business people frequently write letters of inquiry to customers, vendors, and other organizations. Letters of inquiry should be as specific and concise as possible. When writing a letter of inquiry, you should provide pertinent details to the recipient but not overwhelm him/her with unnecessary information. Letters of inquiry should not be vague, verbose (wordy), or demanding.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Bizfluent. (2017, October 2). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://bizfluent.com/how-2048859-write-inquiry-letter.html
12. A
A statement of the report's purpose. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. The first section of the executive summary should inform the reader about the purpose of the report—the reason the report exists. For example, if the report addresses a specific business problem, the report should cite the problem in the purpose statement of the executive summary. Recommendations are addressed in the recommendations section of the report. A letter of authorization might be included in a proposal that a business submits to a potential client. By signing the letter of authorization, the client provides approval to proceed with an activity or project. The first section of an executive summary does not acknowledge sponsors. Sponsors support activities, events, or projects rather than reports.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2017, September 7). Executive summary of the business plan. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/executive-summary-of-the-businessplan-2948012
13. C
Posting company news to help gain employees or clients. Although company policies differ, using social media for business purposes is becoming more and more common. Many companies urge employees to use social media to gain employees and clients. Chatting with coworkers about after hour plans, talking to your significant other, and posting photos of coworkers and customers are most likely for personal use and may not be appropriate depending on the work environment.
SOURCE: CO:206
SOURCE: Russell, J. (2017, July 27). How to write a social media policy for your company. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://blog.hootsuite.com/social-media-policy-for-employees
14. C
Careers. Employees who demonstrate a customer-service mindset often receive compliments from customers, positive performance evaluations, raises, and/or promotions. Efficiency, competitiveness, and the need to be recognized vary from person to person.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
15. A
Conducting research about the country's culture before her meeting. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values before interacting with them. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients and not offend them by using gestures that the culture finds offensive. Learning to speak basic phrases in the country's language and learning about the country's literature and history might be helpful and interesting; however, these actions would not have helped Miranda learn about the current cultural and social habits that differ from her native country. Also, touring the Brazilian embassy to learn about the country's regulations would not have helped Miranda understand that certain gestures should not be used while meeting with Brazilians.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Nicol, J. (1998-2017). Brazil business etiquette & culture. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.cyborlink.com/besite/brazil.htm
16. D
Elastic. When demand is elastic, consumers adjust demand for products based on price. This means that demand changes when prices change. When prices go up, consumers often cut back and buy less. This is what Noah does when the price of plane tickets goes up. Inelastic demand exists if the demand for a good or service is constant, even if the product's price changes. Elastic demand is not constant. Complementary refers to products that are usually used together.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. C
Licensing. Licensing occurs when one company allows another to produce and market its products in exchange for royalties. A joint venture is an arrangement that involves two or more businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources, such as technology, skills, capital, or distribution channels, for the benefit of all parties. Franchising is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services. Exporting is selling domestic goods in a foreign nation.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: LAP-EC-104—Stretch Your Boundaries (The Global Business Environment)
18. A
Flexibility. The Polar Bear Publishing Company's willingness to adjust its promotion and pricing strategies to reflect the current market is a sign of its flexibility, or ability to adapt to changes. Cohesiveness refers to working together smoothly as a team. Cultural intelligence means being sensitive to the customs and traditions of people from different cultural backgrounds. The changes the company made may or may not be in response to strong leadership.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
19. C
Regulatory agency. Established by the government, a regulatory or watchdog agency is an organization that monitors business activities and ensures that businesses follow the law. Some regulatory agencies have the authority to impose fines or other types of punishment on businesses that violate the law. The legislative body consists of government officials who develop and enact the laws. Lobbying groups are special-interest organizations that work to influence government policies. The government does not establish corporations to monitor businesses and enforce laws.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. D
Simplified worker training. Simplified worker training is an advantage of specialization by stage of production or tasks because employees are able to focus on one piece of the total job instead of learning multiple tasks. Worker dependency is a disadvantage of specialization because employees need to rely on each other to complete a task. Production rates normally increase through specialization, as does the quality of work.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: LAP-EC-007—Divide and Conquer (Specialization and Division of Labor)
21. D
Outputs. The law of diminishing returns is an economic principle stating that after a certain point, hiring additional employees will result in a decrease in the overall level of production. Most often, available resources are finite, which means that there are fixed amounts of resources (e.g., equipment) available to produce goods and services. Overall productivity reaches its peak when there are a certain number of employees using all of the available resources to do the work. When there are too many laborers and not enough fixed resources, resource efficiency and output decreases. The reduction of outputs does not necessarily affect product quality, order lead time, or product usefulness.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
22. A
"I'm taking a computer class on my own time." Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. This individual is improving his/her skills without having been asked to do so by the company. Finding work enjoyable and rewarding, being a team player with a positive attitude, and getting along well with coworkers are admirable traits but not examples of initiative.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-002—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
23. A
Taking accountability. Taking accountability means being responsible for your choices, actions, and decisions—and not blaming others when things go wrong. To treat his group fairly, Charlie should not blame them for not completing the project on time. He should accept his fair share of the responsibility. In this situation, there is no indication that Charlie is not communicating, preventing bias, or following rules.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
24. D
Schedule enough time to complete activities. It is important for employees to allow sufficient time to complete a work activity. For example, if an employee must present a report at a 2:00 p.m. meeting, and it takes two hours to prepare the report, the employee should not begin preparing the report at 1:00 p.m. that day. Employees do not always have authority to delegate their work to coworkers or to reorganize their work goals. Focusing on the least important tasks will not always help employees to effectively manage their work commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
25. B
Not tell anyone about the conversation. If Rowan's coworker asks her to keep their conversation confidential, she should not tell anyone what they discussed. This means not telling her boss, her customers, or even a trusted colleague.
SOURCE: EI:103
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2016, November 9). What is the meaning of confidentiality in the workplace? Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://work.chron.com/meaningconfidentiality-workplace-21886.html
26. C
Income, family status, and education level. Secondary dimensions of diversity are differences that may change at various points throughout one's lifetime and include such characteristics as language, religion, income, geographic location, family status, communication style, and education level. Primary dimensions of diversity are inborn differences that cannot be changed and affect a person's entire life and include such characteristics as age, gender, race/ethnicity, nationality, physical traits, and abilities (both mental and physical).
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-011—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
27. B
Passive. One of the reasons some people are not assertive is that they want to avoid conflict at all costs. They think if they stand up for themselves, conflict will result. These people become passive, failing to exercise their own rights and needs. Aggressive people often cause conflict by the way they treat others. They are likely to have a hostile attitude toward others and try to control them.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
28. B
Employee turnover. Finding, interviewing, and hiring employees is a costly and time-consuming process, so most employers want to avoid it as much as possible. But, because stressed-out employees quit far more often than happy employees, high-stress companies often have to spend lots of time and money replacing them. A high stress level at work does not lead to job satisfaction, productivity, or healthy employees.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-025—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
29. C
Providing an incentive. An incentive is something that will fulfill a desire or need. Incentives often help motivate team members to finish a project or perform a task, which helps the business achieve its goals. Incentives may include anything from a free lunch and comp time to a large bonus. Taking over activities and delegating responsibilities do not necessarily motivate others to take a certain course of action. And, while it would be nice to be able to remove unexpected obstacles, it's not possible to do so.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059—Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
30. C
Thinking before you act. Acknowledging the power you possess to influence and affect other people is part of thinking before you act. It's the first step in the process of assessing the long-term value and impact of your actions on others. Avoiding shortcuts, acknowledging your own knowledge gaps and biases, and determining the needs of others are all steps that occur later in the process.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on Others)
31. B
Excise. Excise taxes are specific, targeted taxes that are applied to specific goods and use a flat rate. In contrast, sales tax applies to almost every purchase and is a percentage of the sale price. Sales taxes also vary by state and by the type of item bought. Estate tax is imposed on the transfer of property upon the death of the owner. Capital gains tax is charged on profits made from the sale of assets such as stock or real estate.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Fay, B. (2017). Types of taxes. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://www.debt.org/tax/type/
32. A
Plan business expansion. Moving into foreign markets is a type of business expansion, and managers must ensure the company can afford it. Moving into foreign markets is not a way to reduce expenses, monitor ongoing business operations, or check up on the competition.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
33. A
Collecting the source documents. The accounting cycle is the process that a business uses to maintain its financial records. The first step involves collecting all of the necessary financial records or source documents—checks, receipts, invoices, purchase orders, etc. Without this basic information, the business cannot journalize the transactions, balance the books, or prepare financial statements, which are subsequent steps in the accounting cycle.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
34. D
Professional integrity. Demonstrating integrity involves adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. Ethics are the basic principles that govern an individual's behavior. The role of ethics in accounting is to serve as a guide for professional conduct. This is important because accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records, which managers and stakeholders use to make decisions about the business. Therefore, accounting professionals must demonstrate professional integrity to ensure that the information they collect and present is accurate and objective. Although innovation, collaboration, empathy, and flexibility are admirable traits, preparing accurate and objective financial information does not require accounting professionals to demonstrate these characteristics.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
35. C
Assets = Liabilities + Owners' Equity. The accounting equation states that a business's assets are equal to its liabilities plus owners' equity. This means that a business obtains all of its assets through two sources—borrowing and investment. None of the other equations shown are the accounting equation.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
36. A
The finance field is full of temptations and pressures to be unethical. Unfortunately, the finance field is full of temptations and pressures to engage in unethical behavior. Financial professionals are confronted with a wide range of ethical dilemmas. Most financial professionals are not greedy and singularly concerned with making money. Financial professionals are not always rewarded for unethical behavior. Finally, there can be legal consequences for unethical actions.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355—Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
37. B
Videoconferencing. Holding a video conference allows the interviewer to see the applicant and his/her reactions to the questions. Text messaging and email applications involve typing on a smartphone or a computer. These methods are time consuming and do not allow the interviewer to see or hear the applicant. An intranet is a business's internal computer network.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Vulcan, N. (2017, July 5). How to prepare for a Skype interview. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://careertrend.com/how-5648281-prepare-skype-interview.html
38. D
Visiting RST's website. A business needs to determine why it is losing market share to another company so it can take corrective action. Visiting the competitor's website is a quick, inexpensive way to learn about a competitor's activities. The website is likely to post photos of its products and list product specifications, customer testimonials, and other information that the business can use to evaluate the competitor's activities. Economic reports and industry standards will not provide specific information about the competitor's products and activities. RST's employees are unlikely to provide information to a competitor.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: LAP-IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
39. B
By increasing production. An expanding market may include an increase in product lines, quality, and sales. An expanding market also implies a positive outlook and potential. Laying off employees and deleting current product lines usually accompany a negative outlook. Buying risk insurance is good business practice but does not indicate an expanding or a contracting market.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: LAP-IM-002—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
40. C
Secondary. Secondary data are information collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Researchers often find relevant, timely secondary information about trends, statistics, and regulations about a specific trade or industry on professional association websites. Primary are facts collected for a specific problem or project at hand. Internal data comes from within the business, such as sales and customer data. Intermediate is not a type of marketing-research data.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: LAP-IM-015—What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
41. C
Random sampling. Because it isn't feasible to survey a large target market, researchers often survey a representative group or sample of the target market. Random sampling exists when each member of the sample group has an equal chance or the same opportunity to be selected to participate in the survey. An advantage to random sampling is that the data are less likely to be biased or skewed. Researchers might use interviews (e.g., personal, telephone) when they want to obtain more in-depth information. The disadvantage to using the interview method is there is a higher risk of interviewer bias. Referral sampling is commonly called snowball sampling. This method involves obtaining recommendations of other potential sample-group members from the selected sample respondents.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: LAP-IM-285—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
42. D
Reading annual reports. Businesses often monitor their competitors' activities in order to make marketing decisions that will help them to stay competitive. Businesses can obtain valuable information by reading their competitors' annual reports that often list major customers and describe successful promotional activities. Annual reports also include information about profitability, sales volume, new product development, and expansion. Businesses can use this information to develop similar products or to expand their sales area. Economic factors involve the state of the local economy. Regional data include geographic and demographic information about the area. Buying motives are the reasons or benefits that cause people to make purchases to satisfy wants and needs.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: LAP-IM-184—Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
43. D
Observation. Observation is a marketing-research method that gathers data by watching consumers. It is an effective research approach that provides information about what they do and how they interact with others. People do not know they are being observed so they behave in a normal way that provides useful information. The survey, experiment, and interview methods involve contact with people so they may not provide the most truthful or accurate information about what they do.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: LAP-IM-017—Hunting and Gathering (Data-Collection Methods)
44. C
In an objective way. The goal of marketing research is to obtain honest, reliable, and valid information to facilitate decision making. For this to happen, researchers must develop objective, unbiased questionnaires. This means that the questionnaires should not be worded in a way that influences the respondents' answers. The questions or statements should be written clearly and should address one topic or issue at a time so that respondents are not confused. The questionnaires should not reflect the researcher's personality, which may affect the questionnaire's objectivity.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 374-377]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. C
Coding. Coding is the process of assigning a numeric value to the various responses on a marketing questionnaire or survey. Some questionnaires contain built-in codes, such as when the respondent is asked to rate agreement with a question on a scale of 1 to 5. The numbers from 1 to 5 are the numeric codes. For other types of questionnaires, researchers often establish a master code. For example, there are six possible responses to a certain question and the third answer has a numeric value of 3, but that number is not printed on the questionnaire. Tabulating the responses occurs after the surveys are completed. Sorting and marking do not assign numeric values to each response on a marketing questionnaire.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [p. 353]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
46. B
Descriptive statistics. Researchers often use descriptive statistics to summarize and interpret the vast amounts of numeric information they collect. Descriptive statistics include measurements such as mean, mode, median, range, and standard deviation. These types of measurements help researchers to summarize numeric information in terms of number of responses, frequency of use, average distribution, and various other relationships. Researchers often use questionnaires to obtain numeric information. Researchers do not use hypothetical samples or independent variables to summarize and interpret numeric information.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 182-183). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
47. D
Response error. One of the issues associated with collecting research information is the possibility that some of the information will be incorrect. A participant providing incorrect information is an example of a response error that may affect the accuracy of the research results. There are many reasons why a participant might give an incorrect answer, such as not understanding the question. A participant providing incorrect information on a questionnaire is not an example of a negative answer, a false positive, or a feedback method.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 380]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. C
Conduct online surveys. Some methods of marketing research are more expensive than others, and it's important for marketers to take their budgets into account when selecting a method. Online surveys are often a less expensive option than in-person interviews. A week-long focus group would likely be expensive. The company should not avoid doing marketing research entirely.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Sincero, S.M. (2012, October 16). Online surveys. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from https://explorable.com/online-surveys
49. A
Staying organized. Employees can help their employers reach their objectives by working efficiently. To work efficiently, employees should be organized and have a system for keeping track of their work and supplies. Because Natalie's workspace was not organized, she spent a lot of time looking for a file instead of working on something more productive. There is not enough information provided to determine if Natalie has problems staying on task, using supplies wisely, or observing safety standards.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
50. A
Achieve satisfying connections. Agreeing upon a goal, laying out their strategies, and measuring their success are steps marketers take toward reaching their ultimate aim of providing satisfying connections between producers and customers.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
51. A
Product. The product section should also describe your competition and how you expect to meet and surpass it, as well as addressing any aspect of a product that involves risk. The price section should identify the range of prices to be offered. The place section should address location, suppliers, and inventory management. The promotion section should describe how efforts will be coordinated to increase sales.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: LAP-MP-007—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
52. B
Regulatory. A business conducts a situation analysis to determine the firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed. A comprehensive situation analysis involves evaluating internal and external conditions. A regulation change, such as a minimum-wage increase, is an example of an external change that affects a business. The situation presented is not an example of a technological, secondary, or managerial factor that affects businesses.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: NetMBA. (2002-2010). Situation analysis. Retrieved November 6, 2017, from http://www.netmba.com/marketing/situation
53. B
Business planning. A business uses the projected sales income to make major business decisions such as scheduling production, setting prices, purchasing materials and equipment, and hiring staff. Information used in training staff and preparing advertising copy comes from other sources within the business. Analyzing past sales, rather than forecasting sales, would be helpful in evaluating salespersons.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: LAP-MP-005—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
54. A
Keeping employees' payroll records in unsecured computer databases. Businesses have an ethical obligation to store their confidential information (e.g., payroll records) in secure and confidential ways. One way to protect confidential information is to limit others' accessibility to it. Requiring qualified employees to use computer passwords to access the confidential information can reduce the risk of unethical behavior—such as snooping or spying. Telling employees about telephone monitoring policies, requesting customers' permission to share their information with others, and using opt-in email to communicate with customers are ethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2012). Business management (13th ed.) [pp. 312-313]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
55. B
Companies must stay in step with new technologies. To remain competitive, companies must stay in step with creating and using the newest technologies. Technology has increased the intensity of business competition and has allowed smaller businesses to compete with larger ones. Not all competitive business activities are conducted online.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
56. C
Sales dollars and dates. A database software program allows a business to sort customer information by various criteria—customer name, sales volume, customer type, zip code, etc. Queries are database fields that the business uses to sort the data. The type of data that the business wants to retrieve or analyze determines the database query (sorting mechanism) that the business uses. To obtain the desired customer list, the query should include the minimal sales dollars ($2,500) and the desired dates (e.g., April 2, 2010 - March 31, 2011). The product codes, the customers' last names, account numbers, zip codes, cities, and credit ratings will not yield the desired results.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2017). Access 2010: Database tasks. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Access-2010-database-tasks-268acfed-2484-4822acb3-c30e58045588?CorrelationId=bd49ee9b-f3a7-4708-a2c7-1d8b4f9048b2&ui=enUS&rs=en-US&ad=US&ocmsassetID=HA101829991
57. C
Point-of-sale. There are many point-of-sale software applications that enable businesses to perform a variety of functions beyond the point of sale. Some of these functions include placing orders, controlling inventory, placing special orders, etc. SMS is an abbreviation for short messaging service and is used to send text messages on a variety of cell phones. Java is a computer-programming language. URL or uniform resource locator is the website's web address.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Foster, B. (2013, August 16). 7 reasons to switch to a point-of-sale system. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.infinitypos.com/7-reasons-to-switch-to-a-point-of-salesystem
58. D
Hyperlinks. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. By linking the inn's website with the website of area attractions, the site visitor can immediately go to an attraction's website to obtain further information such as location, hours, services, etc. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing the Web (e.g., Yahoo!). Cookies are text files that are put on a website visitor's hard disk and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site in order to track Internet behavior. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a logical format, so that Internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Mineo, G. (2017, November 7). How to create a link to jump to a specific part of a page [quick tip]. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/jump-linksame-page
59. C
Mining. Data mining involves processing information and finding patterns. If you want to find patterns in your customer data, you should use data mining, not data elimination, entry, or creation.
SOURCE: NF:151
SOURCE: Buzzle. (2016, October 19). The amazingly varied advantages of data mining in different fields. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.buzzle.com/articles/advantages-ofdata-mining.html
60. C
Operations. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. These activities include buying the necessary materials and supplies, hiring employees to do the work, maintaining the facilities, etc. Without these activities, there would be no business. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Finances involve the funds needed to achieve the goals of the business. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
61. A
Shoplifting. Shoplifting is the theft of goods by customers. Customers may steal goods from counters, displays, dressing rooms, or any place they find items. Security devices help prevent or reveal these thefts. Malpractice is negligent or illegal behavior of a professional person such as a doctor, lawyer, accountant, etc. Burglary is illegal entry into a building to commit a theft. Fraud is deceiving or cheating a business out of money or property.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Cyprus, S. (2017, October 15). What are the different aspects of business security? Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-different-aspectsof-business-security.htm
62. B
Deliverable. Every project creates a deliverable, a quantifiable result. This might be a new product, but it could also be an improved product, a new business process, etc. Every project does not create a new company or an advertising plan.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-006—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
63. B
Gantt chart. Developed by Henry Gantt, the Gantt chart is a type of bar chart that is specifically designed to graphically depict a project's work breakdown structure in a horizontal format in relation to time. Project managers often use Gantt charts to schedule and track the progress of their projects. A pyramid diagram or chart presents data in a hierarchical format. A bubble chart is a type of scatter chart that is often used to compare data. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data. Pyramid diagrams, bubble charts, and Venn diagrams are not tools that are specifically designed to schedule and track projects.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Kloppenborg, T. J. (2015). Contemporary project management: Organize/plan/perform (3rd ed.) [pp. 192-193]. Stamford, CT: Cengage Learning.
64. A
Standardization. Standardization is the process of setting criteria for products so that they will be uniform. Mass production is the production of a few products in large quantities. This method of production requires the use of standard parts and standardized methods of assembly such as an assembly line. Mass-produced products are identical to each other rather than having individuality. Mass production is an intermittent production process since it is halted from time to time.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
65. C
Overtime. Overtime is a semi-variable expense. Wages are fixed until a certain point (e.g., 40 hours); after that, they become variable according to how many extra hours are worked. Property taxes, maintenance, and utilities are all examples of fixed expenses.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
66. D
Curiosity. Curiosity is a creative trait that involves a desire to question and learn things. Independence is the ability to think and act on your own and complete tasks without the direction of others. Determination involves staying with something until it is finished and not giving up easily. An open-minded person has the ability to see different views and perceptions.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
67. C
Potential financial loss. Entrepreneurs face the possibility of uncertain income, irregular paychecks, and potential financial loss. Increased resources and tax breaks are opportunities for would-be business owners. Entrepreneurs do not usually have extra vacation time; instead, they may have to work long hours and give up vacation time.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
68. B
Posture and eye contact. Employers are more likely to hire enthusiastic people who appear confident in their abilities. Your gestures and posture communicate a lot about how you feel about yourself, so it is important to watch your nonverbal cues during a job interview. Using a firm handshake and exhibiting good posture indicate that you are self-confident. Maintaining eye contact and nodding your head show the interviewer that you are listening to him/her. And your clothing can communicate your personality and the level of care that you take with your appearance. Crossing your arms may suggest that you are uncomfortable or that you disagree with something the other person is saying. Vocal intensity, pitch, and diction are important verbal cues that you should monitor during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: GCFLearnGree. (1998-2017). Interview skills: What to do during an interview. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/interviewingskills/what-to-do-during-aninterview/1/
69. C
Audrey was hired as a sales coordinator, was promoted to salesperson, and is now sales manager of CTK Corporation. Many companies promote from within, so the creation of new jobs opens the door for current employees to be considered for a promotion. The opportunity for promotion often occurs when employees retire or leave the company or the company expands and creates new positions. Each time Audrey was promoted within her company, she worked in the same business and her responsibilities increased, which is how careers often advance. There is not enough information provided to know if James held other positions within the company before he became production manager. Dylan's job change was a lateral move to another company. Julia's job change involved obtaining a more responsible position with another company.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (2016, December 26). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.school-forchampions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm#.WgHhCmiPKM9
70. B
Theo attends a seminar about product-standard changes that are affecting his industry. Professional development consists of steps that an individual takes to enhance or improve skills or traits that are needed to excel in her/his career or profession. Attending a seminar to learn about changes that are occurring in your field or industry is one form of professional development. Zoe and Talia are performing work-related tasks, and Nick is asking a work-related question.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Scholnik, J. (2013, September 19). 5 benefits of joining a professional association. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://college.usatoday.com/2013/09/19/5-benefits-of-joining-aprofessional-association
71. B
Product management. Product managers create, test, and decide how a product will be packaged. They direct and coordinate all aspects of the product. Advertisers develop messages and images to catch customers' attention, inform them of products, and persuade them to buy. They use a variety of media to communicate with customers. Some of these media are the Internet, radio, television, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and catalogs. Marketing researchers are responsible for determining what customers need and want and why customers do what they do. Channel management is the processes by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: LAP-PD-021—Career Opportunities in Marketing
72. B
Bottom line. Certain types of computer software programs enable businesses to experiment with prices before deciding on the actual price to charge. A business can plug in different prices for various items to find out what effect each price will have on the bottom line, or net outcome. Businesses use computer software programs to determine which price will be the most profitable as well as the most appealing to customers before setting the price. The target market is the particular group of customers a business seeks to attract. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Operating cost is all of the expense involved in running a business.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Bain & Company Guide. (1996-2017). Price optimization models. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.bain.com/publications/articles/management-tools-price-optimizationmodels.aspx
73. A
Maintain price floors. Loss-leader pricing occurs when a business prices and sells a product below cost. This can negatively affect the competitive environment because small businesses cannot afford to price goods and services at the same price as loss-leader products. This restrains competition and drives small companies out of business. To prevent this situation from occurring, some governments pass laws mandating certain products be sold at a minimum price or price floor. Governments do not pass laws requiring businesses to price products that appeal to customers, encourage coupon use, or maximize discounts.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: KnowThis.com. (2017). External factors: Government regulation. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.knowthis.com/pricing-decisions/external-factors-governmentregulation
74. C
Businesses that offer premiums without explaining the terms to the customer. There are federal laws that affect pricing by regulating the ways in which prices can be advertised. Their chief purpose is to prevent any kind of deceptive advertising that would be misleading to customers. As an example, businesses may not offer premiums without explaining the terms under which the item is free to the customer. In other words, if the customer must make a purchase to obtain the premium, this must be explained in the promotion. The other alternatives are endorsed by federal or state laws.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: LAP-PI-003—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
75. D
Using tamper-resistant packaging. Many businesses produce products that might be harmful to consumers if the products are tampered with or become contaminated. To protect consumers, businesses often use tamper-resistant packaging which makes it extremely difficult for someone to get to the product without damaging the packaging. As a result, customers are able to easily determine if this type of packaging has been tampered with, which warns them not to buy the products. Using tamperresistant packaging is an ethical procedure that businesses follow in an effort to protect their products and ensure the safety of their customers. Products usually are not wrapped in plain paper. Placing informative commercials on television and explaining the new manufacturing process are not ways of protecting consumers.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 741). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Emotions, feelings, and intuition. The Six Thinking Hats technique is a creative-thinking method that utilizes different ways of approaching a problem. Each of the six hats represents one aspect of the situation. The red hat focuses on the emotional and intuitive aspects of the situation. The white hat looks at the available facts and data. The green hat is used in relation to creating new ideas. The black hat looks at all of the negative aspects of the situation.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127—Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
77. C
Customers'. When generating product ideas, a business must consider how the end-user (customer) intends to use the product. If the product does not fulfill a need or want, the customer is less likely to buy it. The business might consider how the product would fulfill its own needs (e.g., profit), but if the product does not fulfill the customers' needs, the customer will not buy it and the business will not earn a profit. Although it is possible to consider the industry's needs and the managers' needs, the business should always first consider how the product would benefit the customer.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Business Queensland. (2017, July 17). Generating and screening ideas for new products. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.business.qld.gov.au/runningbusiness/growing-business/becoming-innovative/developing-products/new-products/ideas
78. A
Guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will refund the customer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Recourse is someone or something to which one can turn for help. A strategy is a plan of action for achieving goals or objectives.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: LAP-PM-004—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
79. C
Federal Trade Commission. The regulatory agency established by the federal government and given the authority to enforce consumer-protection laws is the Federal Trade Commission. This agency has the most influence on marketing activities. The FTC is responsible for holding Franklin Juice Company responsible for its advertising and holding the company accountable. The Food and Drug Administration is the federal agency that holds producers responsible for any injury that the business's products may cause. The Consumer Affairs Department is a division of local government that assists consumers in handling problems. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is the regulatory agency established by the federal government to enforce product safety laws.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
80. D
Alteration. Product mix is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Product mix strategies are the plans the business implements for achieving the company's goals for marketing its products. Alteration is a product mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its products or product lines. Examples of alteration include changing the product's color, changing the appearance of the product's packaging, and changing the product's pricing. Contraction is a product mix strategy in which a business removes or deletes items from the product line. Expansion is a product mix strategy in which a business adds additional items or product lines to its product mix. Collaboration is not a product mix strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix & Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
81. A
Reduced price. Product bundling is the practice of putting together a number of goods/services to create a one-price package. Most often, the bundled package is priced so it costs the customer less than if s/he purchased each product separately. The goal of product bundling is to increase sales and to get customers to try something that they normally wouldn't purchase. The interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges, which are money payments for borrowed money. Product bundling does not always provide the business with a higher profit margin, nor does it always require the business to consider interest rates. The amount of time a business bundles particular products depends on the type of product and the business's objectives.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Berry, T. (2013, July 12). Product bundling. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.mplans.com/articles/product-bundling
82. C
Positioning. Product positioning is the consumer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products. One of the goals of product positioning is to make sure that consumers perceive a product in the way that the business intended. This involves communicating information about the product's attributes and characteristics so customers will have a clear perception of its image. Product screening is the process of considering each idea for a new product and discarding those that seem unworkable. Product development is the stage in the creation of a new product in which a working model may be tested, modified, and retested, and production costs are estimated and final details of the product are planned. Product management involves monitoring and developing one or more existing products.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2011, September 18). The importance of product positioning to the marketing plan. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-productpositioning-marketing-plan-24275.html
83. A
Easily remembered. In order for a brand name to be successful, the name should be easy for the public to remember. A good brand name should also be a reasonable length. Many brands do incorporate a company symbol, or logo, but that is not necessary. A brand name should be distinct, not open to interpretation by consumers.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
84. B
Corporate brand. A corporate brand is the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Because a corporate brand may have several different products and/or product lines under its umbrella, the company may need to appeal to a variety of constituents. Stakeholders, employees, the media, and its various customers and target markets are a few of the constituents that the company must consider when it makes business decisions, which affect the company's overall image. Because the company may have several product lines or companies under the corporate umbrella (brand), product image, advertising, and assets may vary.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
85. D
Direct sales. Touchpoints are the interactions that customers have with the business, and they can be divided into three categories: pre-purchase, purchase, and post-purchase experiences. Direct sales would occur during a purchase experience. Other examples of purchase experience touchpoints are physical stores and contact with customer representatives. Word-of-mouth is an example of a prepurchase touchpoint. Customer satisfaction surveys, and warranty programs are examples of postpurchase experience touchpoints.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Hult Marketing. (2013, October 31). Purchase touchpoints: Maximizing the brand experience. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://blog.hultmarketing.com/blog/purchase-touchpointsmaximizing-the-brand-experience
86. C
To develop customer loyalty. One way that promotion benefits very large businesses is by developing customer loyalty. Some large companies spend billions of dollars on promotion to create specific company images. Consumers identify with these images and see themselves in the roles or lifestyles shown in the promotions. Some customers are so loyal that they will only purchase certain products from the business. Businesses do not create a specific company image in order to limit customer awareness, provide customers with information, or explain issues to customers.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
87. A
Advertising, sales promotion, publicity, and personal selling. The promotional mix is the combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. It includes such channels as advertising, sales promotion, publicity, and personal selling. Pricing is a marketing function that involves the determination of a price or an amount to charge a customer or client for a product or service. Customer services include such items as delivery and gift wrap.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: LAP-PR-001—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
88. B
Email. Email is the electronic transmission of messages across computer networks. Many businesses use this technology to send advertising messages to thousands of customers at the same time. Email advertising is an inexpensive way of contacting customers. It allows businesses to send the same message or to customize the message for specific consumers. Pop-up ads are promotional messages that appear in a separate browser window. Search engine optimization the process of designing and submitting web pages so that they can be found easily by spiders in order to obtain a good position in the search results. Banner ads are promotional messages appearing on the internet, usually at the top of websites.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 444-449). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
89. B
Place corrective advertising in the newspaper. It is likely that the business would be required to place corrective advertising in the same newspaper to advise readers that the original information was incorrect. The business would pay a fine to a government agency rather than to the newspaper. Unless there is a problem with the product, the business would not need to change its product specifications. A consent decree is a document that requires the business to stop running the advertisement without admitting any wrongdoing.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2015, June 15). Truth in advertising. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/media-resources/truth-advertising
90. A
Medium that delivers more memorable, believable ads. The experience of color, sound, and action makes television ads easy to remember and believe. However, these qualities also make the ads more expensive to produce. Also, it is costly to advertise on television because it can reach such a large audience. Radio is another type of broadcast medium that offers local programming. Television is the most influential type of advertising media.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
91. D
Providing information to activists to share with others. Word-of-mouth promotion involves customers who tell others about their satisfaction with the business. Amplified word-of-mouth promotion involves the use of proactive efforts (campaigns) in which the business provides specific information to customers (activists) to pass along to their friends, family, and business contacts. On the other hand, organic wordof-mouth promotion occurs naturally. Because customers are satisfied with the business and its products, they tell others about this satisfaction in the course of normal conversation. For example, if a business shows a sincere interest in the customer by asking for feedback, taking actions to ensure customer loyalty, or improving products, the customer is likely to share those positive experiences with others.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Myers, J. (2016, September 29). What is word-of-mouth advertising? Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/wordofmouth-advertising-5692.html
92. D
Illustration. This is a photograph, drawing, painting, or graphic. Since the client emphasizes picture in your discussion, you should give careful consideration to the illustration when designing the ad. Copy is the text of an ad that delivers the sales message. Headline is text set in large type and usually positioned at the top of the advertisement. Identification identifies the product or the advertiser who may be the producer and/or the seller of the product.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 469-470). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
93. C
To strengthen the theme. The elements of an advertisement include the headline, copy, illustrations, and signature. It is important to coordinate these elements to strengthen the theme of the advertisement. All of the elements should reinforce and promote the theme in order for the advertisement to be effective. It is not important to coordinate the elements in advertisements to analyze the objective, simplify the message, or locate the audience.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 471-475). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
94. D
Damage control. In some cases, businesses use public relations activities to counter negative publicity or to respond to negative information. This is an example of controlling the damage that may have been caused by a specific incident. For example, if the media reports that a product has been tampered with and resulted in injury to some customers, a business would use public relations activities to reassure the public that every attempt was being made to keep the product safe. This helps to control the negative information and maintain good relations with the public. Product research, market segmentation, and sales management are not functions of public relations activities.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 660-661]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
95. B
Use in the operation of the business. Using the trucks to make deliveries to customers is part of the operation of the business. The trucks are not being used in the production of other goods, and they are not being resold to ultimate consumers or industrial users.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
96. D
Meet customers' needs. One way to develop long-term relationships with customers is to provide quality service that meets customers' needs and makes them feel appreciated. In many cases, the type of service provided must be tailored to fit the needs of the customer. For example, one customer might need an order delivered overnight while another customer needs to return a defective item. Salespeople should determine what the customer needs and then provide that service. Not all services need to save money for customers, although many services do not add cost. Services need to be tailored to the customer rather than the same for all customers. Services usually do not include customers' employees unless the service involves training employees to use a new type of product.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: LAP-SE-130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
97. A
Obtaining referrals from loyal customers. Loyal customers often provide salespeople with leads for locating and gaining access to new clients. This can greatly increase the salesperson's opportunities for making sales. All of the other alternatives are benefits to the business of building a clientele. It can help to hold down selling costs because it costs more to make an initial sale than a repeat sale. It also can provide word-of-mouth advertising that builds and promotes company image and convinces loyal customers that higher prices are acceptable because of other benefits they receive from dealing with the business.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: LAP-SE-115—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
98. B
Cooling-off law. A cooling-off law protects consumers who purchase products as a result of highpressure or fear-based sales tactics. The law provides the buyers a limited amount of time to think about their purchases, and allows them an opportunity to withdraw from the purchase agreement with the seller. A tying agreement is an illegal agreement requiring a customer to buy other products in order to obtain desired goods and services. Return policies are limits established by a business's management staff for accepting merchandise for return. Reciprocity occurs when a seller expects a buyer to provide something of equal importance in return for a product or service.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2015, August). Buyer's remorse: When the FTC's Cooling-Off Rule may help. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0176-buyers-remorse-when-ftcs-cooling-rule-may-help
99. D
The department manager. The most reliable information would be obtained most quickly from the department manager. Another customer may not know the answer or may relate information that is not totally correct. During a sales presentation would be an inappropriate time to contact the manufacturer's representative. The buyer is a good source of product information, but s/he may not be readily accessible during a sales presentation.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: LAP-SE-131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
100. C
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory. To effectively sell products to customers, salespeople must understand the factors that motivate buying decisions. Many content-motivation theories examine the underlying factors that affect motivation. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory suggests that motivation is related to five levels of needs—from basic to complex. Maslow's theory states that basic needs must first be met before a person is motivated to fulfill the next level of needs. For example, a person must have physiological needs met (food, air, shelter) before the person is motivated to go after the next level of needs (safety). The Acquired Needs, Equity, and Expectancy theories are other types of motivational theories.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: NetMBA. (2002-2010). Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Retrieved November 7, 2017, from http://www.netmba.com/mgmt/ob/motivation/maslow
Test 1182
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. A
Good customer service. Channel management is one of the marketing functions that must work with the other marketing activities to get goods and services from producers to consumers. The goal of marketing is to satisfy consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Businesses cannot satisfy those needs and provide quality customer service unless all the marketing activities work together. For example, businesses are only able to serve customers when they have the advertised items on hand and at the right price. Not all businesses need or use product displays, provide free delivery, or offer flexible credit terms.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 22-23). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
2. C
Corporation. A corporation, which is owned by its stockholders, limits the losses or risks to the amount each individual owner has invested in the corporation. The other types of business organizations are not owned by stockholders. A partnership usually divides the risk among two or three partners. In a sole proprietorship, the owner generally assumes all of the risk. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001 Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
A bottle of shampoo. Shampoo is a low-cost, standard product that would probably use a longer channel of distribution than the other alternatives. A bag of oranges is perishable and needs to use short channels. A printing press is highly technical, requires installation, and is quite heavy; therefore, it would rely on short channels. An airplane is technical and quite heavy and would probably use a direct route from the producer to the industrial user.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. C
Integrated data between channel members. The technology of electronic billing, purchase-order verification, bar coding, and image processing enable channel members to integrate data. Vertical and horizontal channel integration are methods of organizing distribution channels. The finance department may utilize the methods to share data, but the methods are not unique to that department.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2017, November 21). Channel management techniques. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/channel-management-techniques-3072.html
5. D
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort. However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee (defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop its own laws.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Gordon, J.M. (n.d.). Breach of duty of care. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://thebusinessprofessor.com/knowledge-base/breach-of-duty-of-care/
6. B
Offering different products through each channel. Channel conflict can occur when channel members are competing among themselves for customers. When each channel sells different products, they are not directly competing among themselves for business. For example, if a guitar manufacturer sells its line of guitars through authorized distributors and sells accessories for the guitars through online retailers, the channel members are not competing for the customers because they are selling different products. Bypassing channel members and selling directly to end users, establishing slotting fees, and requesting channel members to carry only its brand are actions that tend to create channel conflict rather than minimize it.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Perner, L. (1999-2018). Channel management and conflict. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://www.consumerpsychologist.com/dist_Channel_Management.html
7. B
Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts. This means that people can show their interest and enthusiasm by what they say and by the way they say it. Although body language conveys intent, people can communicate how they feel through their choice of words. The words that people use often express their interest and enthusiasm. A key element of verbal communication is active listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: The Business Communication. (2013-2018). Advantages and disadvantages or oral communication. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://thebusinesscommunication.com/advantages-and-disadvantages-of-oralcommunication/
8. B
Frustrated. Nonverbal cues can tell others a lot about your emotions. In this situation, Ryan's nonverbal behavior indicated that he was frustrated because he couldn't get his computer to do what he wanted it to do. If Ryan was patient, he would not continuously hit his keyboard, turn red, or frown. If Ryan was bored, he would be inattentive about his situation or surroundings. He might even yawn or do something other than computer work for a while. Enthusiasm is associated with a positive attitude.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Body language. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/Body_Language.htm
9. B
Give directions in the proper order. It's much easier for your listeners to follow along if you give directions in the order in which they should be completed. Raising your voice isn't necessary when giving directions; in fact, it may intimidate your listeners. Your directions should not be challenging, even if the task itself is challenging. If you choose to demonstrate how to complete the directions, you should show how to do each step, not just the final ones.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Karten, N. (2014, December 1). How to give instructions so that people will follow them. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.techwell.com/techwellinsights/2014/12/how-give-instructions-so-people-will-follow-them
10. A
Speaking with coworkers. Jargon is a specialized language known only to a certain group of people. Industries and companies often use jargon that is meaningful to their businesses and may not be easily understood by people outside their industries or companies. Coworkers are more likely to use jargon because they are familiar with the terms and their meanings or applications. New customers, friends, business associates, and acquaintances may not be familiar with a specific industry's jargon.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Your Dictionary. (2018). Examples of jargon. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-jargon.html
11. A
Informational message. Communicating information involves providing others with facts. In the example, the human resources manager is informing the company's employees about an issue with the company's parking lot. The human resources manager is not writing a projection report, business proposal, or formal inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 219-225). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
12. A
Within a business. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged by people within an organization. Memorandums are rarely used among competitors or between friends.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. B
It is unprofessional to post company employment information on a personal site. Jayson's placement of a job opening on his personal sites is unprofessional and gives the company little control over the presentation or distribution of the information. There's no indication his friends would gain an unfair advantage over other candidates since Jayson is not conducting the interviews. It's not clear whether Jayson is trying to look important or increase his social contacts; however, those acts are of less concern than the unprofessionalism of posting employment information.
SOURCE: CO:206
SOURCE: Arens, W.F., Weigold, M.F., & Arens, C. (2013). Contemporary advertising (14th ed.) [pp. 530-532]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. D
Incorrect size. Customers' complaints about products are the result of defective, damaged, or spoiled products; the wrong size or color; mispricing; or the failure to meet the customers' needs. Poor service and the use of pressure in selling cause complaints about the sales staff. Customers seldom complain about reduced prices.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010 Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
15. A
Business environments. Two similar brand promises may be carried out differently depending on their business environments. For example, a product that is sold in stores will have different touchpoints than a product that is sold online. Types of packaging, logos, and slogans should not have a significant impact on how a brand promise is carried out.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006 Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
16. A
Lost benefits of additional marketing. When a choice is made about the best use of resources, the nextbest alternative that is given up is called the opportunity cost of that choice. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than for another. The opportunity cost of the company's decisions is the lost benefits from additional marketing. Office furniture, $5,000, and lost benefits of new furniture are not considered opportunity costs in this situation.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
17. D
Limited-line. Limited-line businesses specialize in the products that they offer for sale. They usually carry an excellent assortment of those goods. Service businesses perform intangible activities that satisfy the wants of consumers or industrial users. Specialty businesses typically carry a very limited variety of products. Discount businesses sell products at reduced prices and usually carry a variety of items.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
18. C
Businesses must look for updated technology all the time. Because new technology is being introduced all the time, businesses must constantly be on the lookout for updated technological tools that will help them to be more efficient. All businesses are affected by technology in one way or another. Technology is just one way for a business to compete it might also compete through pricing strategies, promotional campaigns, etc. Though some target markets may use technology more than others, all target markets are affected by and use technology.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105 What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
19. B
Right and wrong. Ethics are the basic principles that govern an individual's behavior. In business, ethics involves how a business behaves in its dealing with other businesses, customers, and employees. Businesses consider issues about what is right and wrong when they decide how to operate and how to treat others. To be ethical, they need to consider how their actions affect the welfare of others. It is a matter of considering what is the right way to act and what is the wrong way to act. It does not involve considering what is legal or illegal, although some actions that are unethical are also illegal. Business ethics does not involve considering issues about what is safe and unsafe, or what is positive and negative.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106 On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
20. C
Patent. A patent is one form of government protection of private property. Other government protection includes copyrights, trademarks, and licenses. A copyright is legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for 28 years. A trademark is an exclusive name or symbol that is placed on a product and may be registered with the government to prevent its use by others. A license is official permission to do or own a specified thing.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016 Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
21. D
High unemployment. A depression is an economic decline that lasts longer than a recession. The characteristics of a depression are a rapidly falling GDP and high unemployment that, in turn, result in a decline in consumer spending and an increase in bankruptcies.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001 Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
22. D
Economic instability. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. The interest is the price of borrowing money. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis often is an indication of economic instability. The interest rate has an effect on the amount of money available to loan and the amount that businesses and individuals are willing to borrow. For example, when rates are high, borrowing decreases because the price of borrowing is high. This tends to slow down the economy. In a stable economy, interest rates remain fairly constant and fluctuate by only a few percentage points. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis is not an indication of seasonal unemployment, flexible capital, or price equilibrium.
SOURCE: EC:084
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (2018, January 17). Forces behind interest rates. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/insights/forces-behind-interest-rates/
23. B
Ethnocentrism. Thinking your culture is superior to others is known as ethnocentrism. Collectivism refers to a society that is integrated into strong groups. Stereotyping is generalizing others based on their cultural backgrounds. Individualism refers to a society in which group ties are loose, and everyone is expected to take care of him/herself.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045 On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
24. C
Doubts about yourself. When self-doubts are present, self-esteem has dropped. These doubts and your low level of self-esteem may keep you from having confidence in your own ability or an appreciation for life. A low level of self-esteem does not necessarily cause difficulty with visualization the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. Visualization is a method of overcoming low levels of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 127). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Education.
25. C
Determine what values made you feel that way. Thinking about times in your life when you were happy or proud, or certain experiences that stand out in your mind as meaningful, can help you determine the values that made those times so significant. Thinking of a time when you were happy and proud does not necessarily help you completely avoid activities that do not make you happy. It also does not necessarily help you find gaps between your behavior and values or accept others' feedback regarding your values.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126 Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
26. B
Integrity. Your integrity involves the overall quality of your moral character. Honesty refers to truthfulness, fairness, and authenticity. Truth is an indisputable or accepted fact. The practice of cheating, misleading, or misrepresenting is known as deceit.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138 Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
27. B
Opportunities. It's important to remember that each ethical dilemma you encounter is an opportunity to make the right decision and show that you can follow ethical principles. So, it's a good idea to view ethical dilemmas not as challenges, but as opportunities. Ethical dilemmas are encountered often and are not easily avoidable. They should not be viewed as emergencies.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124 What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
28. D
Overcommitted. Being overcommitted means committing to more than what is possible, necessary, or desirable. People who are overcommitted, like Jamie, have countless obligations, events, and tasks each day. There is no indication that Jamie is a perfectionist, bad at time management, or a procrastinator, though these could all be potential causes of his overcommitment.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077 Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
29. B
Use of video cameras. Some businesses, such as retail establishments, use video cameras to monitor customers and prevent shoplifting. If these cameras are focused on employees, it might be considered a violation of the employees' privacy. Businesses that use video cameras should inform employees so they are aware that their actions are being recorded and monitored. Also, the business has an obligation not to use cameras in areas that are designed specifically for employees, such as break rooms. The use of time clocks is a method of recording time on the job rather than a violation of privacy. The use of security guards is a safety factor that benefits employees and customers. The use of computer passwords provides employees with a certain amount of privacy by allowing them to protect their computer systems from unauthorized access.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Guerin, L. (2011, October 10). Workplace cameras and surveillance: Rules for employers. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/workplacecameras-surveillance-employer-rules-35730.html
30. A
Is the foundation for other ethical principles. Integrity means adhering to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles. Integrity is perhaps the most important trait that an ethical leader can have because it is the foundation for many other principles, including respect, fairness, trustworthiness, and altruism. Integrity leads to positive relationships, loyalty, and stability. Integrity does not necessarily build consistency in difficult situations, ensure that leaders will avoid ethical dilemmas, or challenge leaders to be more confident.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131 Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
31. D
Levels of stress. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. When people are not willing to adapt to new situations, they often feel higher levels of stress. Fighting or ignoring new circumstances can increase stress, which can harm a person's health and well-being. Resisting change does not necessarily affect an individual's ability to reason or use logic. When a person learns how to adapt to change, s/he may feel content or a sense of accomplishment by accepting the change. Being adaptable often helps a person to relax, which can facilitate creative thinking and learning.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023 Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
32. A
Show why the change is necessary. Showing why the change is necessary is the first step in the process of leading change. After you've proven the need for the change, you can ask others to join you in leading it, communicate the change to everyone involved, and put the change into action.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022 Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
33. A
Having a good attitude. Being enthusiastic about your job is an example of having a good attitude in the process of building positive working relationships. A positive attitude on the job means many things, including being enthusiastic, being optimistic and cheerful, and refusing to grumble or complain. Being enthusiastic is not an example of getting to know others on your work team or being cooperative. It may go along with demonstrating courtesy and respect, but it is best as an example of having a good attitude.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
34. D
Improved results. Companies spend a lot of time and money developing positive workplace cultures because positive culture is linked with improved results, such as employee satisfaction, increased productivity, high morale, and unity among diverse employees. Positive culture is not linked to stock market increases, employee turnover, or company failure.
SOURCE: EI:064
SOURCE: LAP-EI-064 Culture Club (The Nature of Organizational Culture)
35. B
Passion for their work. Entrepreneurs who are passionate about their work find it easier to work the long hours required. They are also more likely to overcome obstacles out of a desire to continue doing what they love. Confidence can help an entrepreneur overcome challenges, but it does not necessarily help him/her work long hours. Financial knowledge can help an entrepreneur overcome financial obstacles, but it may not help an entrepreneur solve other problems or deal with long work hours. Technological skills are very useful in solving some problems, but they don't help an entrepreneur personally work for long periods of time.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Gregory, A. (2018, May 20). 10 character traits of successful small business owners. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/successful-ownerscharacter-traits-2951855
36. D
Store of value. Money functions as a store of value when it is saved rather than spent. The money can be held over time, and it retains value for future purchasing power. Money serves as a unit of measure when it is used to express the value or worth of something. Money serves as a medium of exchange when it is used to obtain goods and services. Cash is a form of money currency and coins. Because Kendra's paycheck was automatically deposited in her bank account, currency and coins have not been touched.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 45]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
37. A
Equal credit opportunity. All individuals are entitled to receive equal opportunity for credit under consumer credit protection laws. This means that creditors may not discriminate against an individual because of his/her race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age when they make credit decisions. Individuals are not entitled to a credit guarantee. Methods of notifying candidates of their rejection for credit lines vary, and there is not a single "proper" way that is considered appropriate. Maryville Credit Union discriminated against Bryant because of his religion, but it did not violate his right to practice his religion.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2018, April 21). Consumer credit laws you should be familiar with. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/consumer-credit-laws-you-shouldbe-familiar-with-4068374
38. C
Can help you achieve larger financial goals. Making purposeful spending decisions, instead of spending out of habit or impulsively, is an important step in achieving larger financial goals. Even small daily savings add up to significant amounts over time. Day-to-day spending does not have to be sacrificed entirely for future financial security, as long as you're aware of your spending and are making purposeful decisions. Small savings every day are a very practical step in reaching your financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Benve, R. (2018, August 14). How to set SMART personal financial goals. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://toughnickel.com/personal-finance/How-to-Set-PersonalFinancial-Goals-Budgeting
39. B
Fixed. When you make a personal budget, it's important to divide your expenses into two broad categories. Fixed expenses are those that stay the same from month to month, like mortgages, car insurance payments, and utilities. Variable expenses change from month to month. Net and gross are terms that are used to describe income, not expenses.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Inc. (2018, April 19). Fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/fixed-and-variable-expenses.html
40. A
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check source to the payee. There are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice there are no restrictions placed on the funds transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2018, August 2). See how to endorse checks. When and how to sign. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-endorse-checks-315300
41. D
Penalty. A penalty is a punishment. The government depends on income tax to support public programs. When people do not provide income tax information when it is needed, the government often imposes a penalty, usually a fine or fee. Ongoing failure to report income can result in imprisonment. The government does not offer a refund or allowance for missing an important deadline. However, a person can file for an extension to avoid being penalized for missing a filing deadline.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: IRS. (2014, April 18). Tips for taxpayers who missed the tax deadline. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/tips-for-taxpayers-who-missed-the-tax-deadline
42. C
Income statement. An income statement is a financial summary that shows how much money the business has made or lost. It is also called a profit-and-loss statement. A balance sheet shows a firm's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to the business. A sales budget is an estimate of expenditures related to sales.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004 Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
43. C
Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have. One simple way to make an employee feel comfortable is to assign a mentor. The mentor doesn't need to be the employee's direct supervisor it just needs to be someone who can show the new employee the ropes. It will help the new employee to have one ready-made friend who can show her/him around. Lucia should provide some sort of orientation for the new employee before s/he starts working. There are many important things the employee will need to know about the company's policies and his/her benefits. Although it is important to make sure the employee has information about the projects s/he is working on, Lucia won't want to overwhelm the new employee with too much information on the first day. It's also important not to give the employee busy work that doesn't fit into his/her job description. After all, that's not why the employee was hired, and this won't help the new employee become more comfortable at work.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Moon, L. (2018, January 16). New employee onboarding: A success template for every hire. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://blog.trello.com/new-employee-onboarding-bestpractices-for-new-hires
44. D
Marketing information. Marketing information is all of the marketing-related data available inside and outside the business. This includes information about customers, competitors, demographics, etc. Businesses need marketing information in order to understand why a product that has been successful is suddenly losing popularity. For example, marketing information might tell a business that the target market for the product is decreasing in size because of age, or that a competitor has introduced a similar product that sells for less. Once the business understands the reason for the loss in popularity, it can take steps to correct the problem. Sales records are a type of marketing information, but they usually indicate only the decrease in sales rather than the reason for the decrease. Secondary data is a type of marketing information that has been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. It may not be useful in determining why a product is now losing popularity. Purchasing documents are documents a business uses to purchase goods and services.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 654-656). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. C
It includes a system to protect customers in the event of a data breach. An ethical privacy policy puts the customers first. Part of putting the customers first is securely protecting customer data and having a plan in place if a data breach does occur. Putting the interests of the company ahead of those of the customer is generally not ethical. Automatically sending email promotions to customers is not necessarily part of an ethical privacy policy. Hiding information about data collection processes is unethical.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: LAP-IM-025 Info With Integrity (Ethics in Marketing-Information Management)
46. B
Cookie. Cookies are text files that a business puts on a website visitor's computer hard drive. The text files allow the business to observe or track the visitor's Internet behavior and retrieve information during subsequent visits to its website. Cookies provide the business with information about a particular customer's browsing behavior, buying patterns, and preferences. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that an Internet user can click on, allowing him/her to jump to another place within the document or to jump into a different document. Spam is junk email. A host stores web pages on a server for a monthly fee.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Target Internet. (2018). Digital marketing guide to cookies. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.targetinternet.com/digital-marketing-guide-to-cookies/
47. D
Sampling. The process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey is sampling. It is usually impossible to study everyone, so researchers must use sampling. Observation gathers data, experimentation tests cause and effect, and analyzing interprets the data. They are all important to marketing research but are not part of sampling.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010 Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
48. D
Research objective. Research objectives are formal statements of what a marketing research study will achieve. Relevant variables are the types of information studied in a marketing research project (e.g., brand awareness, customer satisfaction, etc.). A decision problem is the issue from the managers' perspective. A research problem is the issue from the researchers' perspective.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: LAP-IM-282 What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
49. C
Company sales reports. The data needed for sales volume analyses and market share analyses come from the facts and figures in sales reports. Expense reports let a company know how much money is being spent on employees' food, lodging, travel, etc. Sales invoices don't show sales in relation to goals, budgets, prior time periods, etc. Customer records don't include sales data for the entire company.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: LAP-IM-184 Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
50. C
Interview. Researchers often collect marketing data by conducting interviews with customers. The interviews can take place over the telephone, through the computer, or by holding face-to-face discussions (group or individual). An interview is a good method to use when the business wants in-depth information from the respondents. The disadvantage to holding interviews is the expense. Observation is a research method that involves watching customers. Relational and contact interviews are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 156-158]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. A
Point-of-sale scanners. Many businesses use data from their point-of-sale devices (computerized cash registers) to collect marketing information. Because the point-of-sale scanner records all of customers' purchases, a business can use the device to (indirectly) "observe" its customers' purchasing habits on an ongoing basis. The business can use the data to determine its fast-moving items and its customers' brand preferences. Comment cards are small, short, preprinted questionnaires. Manual equipment is too broad a term to specifically address how marketing researchers collect data. Marketing researchers do not use sound-wave meters to collect information about the types of products that customers are buying.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 373-379). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. C
Leading question. Leading questions tend to influence the respondents' answers and create bias, which skews results. Because words such as "wastes" and "unnecessary programs" tend to generate strong emotional reactions and overall negative views about the topic, the survey question is biased. The question is a closed-ended question because it requires a "yes" or "no" answer. The situation does not exemplify an indifferent statement, an open-ended inquiry, or an unstated alternative.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 302-303]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. C
Marketing-information management. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information. If the information is accurate, it can help businesses answer quesitons like, "Who are our customers?" and "Where are they located?" Product/Service management involves deciding on the products that a business will produce or offer. Pricing focuses on determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. It involves paying attention to supply and demand, as well as the prices that competitors are charging. The promotion function communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desire outcome. Promotion informs, persuades, or reminds customers about a business and/or its products through methods such as advertising, publicity, and sales promotion.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001 Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
54. D
Yes, changes in the marketplace require changes in marketing strategy. Changes such as price increases, new competition, or an increase in operating expenses require that businesses have flexible strategies. A responsible business operation will be prepared to redesign its strategies as needed.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002 Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
55. C
Reach goals and satisfy customers. When businesses identify their target markets, they can plan their marketing activities in such a way that they can satisfy customers at the same time they are meeting their own goals. Mass marketing, rather than target marketing, tries to appeal to all consumers. Market segmentation increases the costs of production, but it has benefited both large and small companies by making the most efficient use of resources. The improvement of marketing-research methods does not depend on knowing a target market.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
56. A
A specific geographic area. Sales forecasts are defined as predictions of what a firm's sales will be during a specific future time period using a certain marketing plan. In addition to being able to predict sales for a specific geographic area, businesses can forecast sales for a specific product, an entire line of products, a target market, and the firm's total market. The jury of executive (expert) opinion is a qualitative method of forecasting sales in which the executives of a company are asked to assess projected sales. A situation analysis is the determination of a firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed. Marginal utility is defined as the increase in total usefulness that can be obtained by consuming or purchasing one additional unit of a product.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: LAP-MP-005 Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
57. A
Factual information. Facts contain true data or information. Microsoft has multiple sources of documentation that indicates it generated $51.12 billion in revenue in 2007, which makes the statement a fact. It is important for companies to verify facts when they are making business decisions. Basing decisions on incorrect information can be very costly to a company. Unwarranted criticism is inappropriate, biased, or exaggerated feedback. Inconclusive evidence means that the presented facts do not indicate a distinct or unquestionable outcome of a situation. The amount of money Microsoft generated occurred a few years ago; therefore, the statement does not contain current data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2018, September 7). What is the difference between fact and opinion? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
58. A
Were written by authors who are reputable. When evaluating a source, it's important to make sure that the author is reputable, credible, and respected. Sources that are emotional instead of objective should be avoided. Propaganda is not considered a reputable source. Sources that are no more than 20 years old may or may not be reliable, depending on the subject.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2018). Evaluation during reading. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/conducting_research/evaluating_sources_ of_information/evaluation_during_reading.html
59. B
Employees are sometimes able to do their work from home. The nature of work has changed due to the increase in telecommuting (working from home or a remote location) opportunities. The Internet and remote networking give many employees the ability to do their jobs without ever stepping foot into the office. Technology has actually helped productivity increase, not decrease, and costs are lower. Technology makes entering new and foreign markets easier. The nature of marketing has changed because of technological innovations.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004 TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
60. B
Operating system. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the computer. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is not the digital connection, the transfer protocol, or the electronic resource.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation, Inc. (1998-2018). What is an operating system? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/computerbasics/understandingoperating-systems/1/
61. D
Key points. Employees use presentation software to develop computer-operated visual aids that support an oral presentation. Slides for the presentation should include key points that highlight or reinforce the most important information, which may or may not include numerical data. Colorful graphics and creative transitions often make a presentation more interesting, but they are not necessary elements for each slide.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Phillips, D.J.P. (2014, April 14). How to avoid death by PowerPoint [Video]. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwpi1Lm6dFo
62. B
Domain name. The domain name that Dmitri registers will be the unique address of his new website. A web host allows a website owner to make his/her site accessible via the Internet. A site-builder is a program including templates and software to create the layout and design of a website. Web addresses are usually picked based on a company name or other important identifier, rather than the company's street address.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: The Grue. (2015, November 5). How to create a website—a simple guide for beginners. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://thegrue.org/how-to-create-a-website/
63. C
Visual representation. Once data has been mined, it is helpful to view it in a visual format so that it can be better understood. Visual tools are more easily understood than spreadsheets. Databases are the systems in which the information is stored. Clustering is a way to analyze data, but it does not necessarily aid in interpretation of data.
SOURCE: NF:152
SOURCE: Greiner, L. (2011, January 7). What is data analysis and data mining? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://www.dbta.com/Editorial/Trends-and-Applications/What-is-DataAnalysis-and-Data-Mining-73503.aspx
64. A
Day-to-day activities. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for the company to function. This includes obtaining and allocating the appropriate type and amount of resources to do the work, such as employees, equipment, and supplies. Strategic management involves determining, monitoring, and managing long-term goals for the company. Communication is the exchange of information, which is necessary in the workplace to complete a wide range of internal and external business activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. C
Contact the copier's manufacturer, dealer, or servicer to learn about options for removing or overwriting the copier's hard drive. Different manufacturers offer different services for the removal and protection of hard drives; some may remove it and return it to you to keep or overwrite on your own, while others may remove and overwrite the hard drive for you for an additional fee. Removing a hard drive on your own is risky it often requires special equipment and software, and it can be difficult to locate the drive. It is better to work with a skilled technician who is trained for the task. You should always take some action toward protecting the information stored on your copier you should not leave such an important process in the hands of the manufacturer who does not know your company's wishes. Communicate with them to find out exactly what you need, or don't need, to do. Simply deleting files on a hard drive is not always permanent. Files can be retrieved or restored through other software, so it is important that you take further action such as overwriting the hard drive.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2017, July). Digital copier data security: A guide for businesses. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/businesscenter/guidance/digital-copier-data-security-guide-businesses
66. B
Bodily injuries are decreased. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of additional financial expense and bodily injury. Because employees miss fewer workdays, productivity is increased. Insurance claims are increased when a workplace is considered risky because of a high rate of worker accidents or injuries.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, June 30). Importance of workplace health and safety. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-workplace-healthsafety-4973.html
67. A
Project charter. A project is officially authorized to begin by the project charter, an official document that is similar to (but more formal than) the statement of work. Registration documents and Initiation Papers are not common documents used in project management.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158 Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
68. C
Needed skills. You know you need people to work on a project. Before you can identify the right people, you need to decide what skills are needed. For example, do you need people to use hand tools or lift heavy boxes? Once you determine the needed skills, you can select people who have those skills and are willing to participate. Tangible resources are the supplies, equipment, and materials needed to complete a project as well as the physical facilities that might be needed.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531 Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
69. D
Inputs. Inputs are all of the economic resources used in producing goods and services. Inputs are human, natural, and capital resources. In order to produce the contract, Superior Office needs workers, equipment to sell, and the means to deliver the product to the schools. Supplies are industrial goods used in the operation of a business. Outputs are the goods and services produced as the result of combining inputs. Products are goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017 Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
70. A
Concurrent engineering. Concurrent engineering is a quality-control method in which product design and development are performed simultaneously. This saves time and allows potential problems or flaws to be caught earlier in the process. House of quality matrix is a quality-control tool that helps managers to determine if a product meets customer needs or not. Lean production focuses on maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. A Pareto chart is a type of bar graph that helps identify which problems need to be addressed first.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008 Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
71. C
Helps you understand yourself. Goal setting helps you understand yourself, and understanding yourself helps you understand other people. Goal setting helps you stay on task, raises your level of self-esteem, and gives you a way to measure your progress, but these benefits do not necessarily help you in your relationships.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. B
Fair treatment. Although regulation varies by country, labor laws are designed to protect workers from unfair labor and wage practices. By instituting a law that requires all businesses to give all employees a break from their duties, the law is requiring that each employee receive the same or fair treatment. Workplace supervision refers to the direction an employee receives to perform certain work-related tasks. Laws related to employee breaks do not affect the workers' rights to form unions. Harassment in the workplace generally refers to gender and race discrimination issues.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2018). Employees rights 101. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://employment.findlaw.com/employment-discrimination/employees-rights-101.html
73. D
Mention any mutual contacts you have. If you can, you should name someone you and the reader of your application letter both know. Of course, this isn't always possible, but it's a great way to get attention. Your letter should not be more than a page long. You shouldn't repeat everything that's on your résumé; your letter of application is intended to tell the reader things that aren't necessarily on the résumé. You should always proofread carefully, not quickly. Your letter of application is often the first impression a company gets of you, so you want it to be perfect.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Adams, Susan. (2011). How to write a cover letter. Retrieved on September 10, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2011/03/24/how-to-write-a-cover-letter/
74. A
Build positive relationships with other individuals and businesses. Ethical standards are guidelines for behavior. Because personal ethics among people vary, some industries develop ethical standards so that each person working in the industry knows what is acceptable and not acceptable behavior in the profession. Businesses and employees who follow these standards demonstrate integrity and build trust with customers, other organizations, and community members. The primary purpose of following ethical standards in marketing is not to remove competition from the marketplace, improve working conditions and financial security, or prevent changes in the business environment.
SOURCE: PD:137
SOURCE: Hill, B. (2018, June 29). The advantages of ethical behavior in business. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-ethical-behaviorbusiness-21067.html
75. B
Find solutions for common problems. A trade association's members can collectively find solutions to common problems that they might have difficulty handling as individuals. The members also can share their knowledge and work together to increase the profitability of all members' businesses. Trade associations are formed and disbanded according to the changing needs of the members. Some trade associations may promote goodwill or educate consumers, but those are not basic purposes of their formation.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Meyer, P. (2018, March 1). Why do people and companies join trade associations? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.comptia.org/aboutus/newsroom/blog/comptia-blog/2018/03/01/why-do-people-and-companies-join-tradeassociations
76. C
Written warning. A written warning includes details about your infraction and information about any future consequences that you could receive if the offense is repeated. It is commonly used as a consequence when someone has violated a rule of conduct. Promotions are not consequences and would not be the response to a rule violation. Increased compensation is also not a consequence and would not be the response to a rule violation. Criminal charges can occur when a rule violation crosses the line into illegality, but they are not a common consequence. Rather, they happen in rare, extreme cases.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251 Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
77. B
Advertising budget. Companies that sell low-priced items will not have as large an advertising budget as companies with higher priced items. Place decisions, including consideration of transportation channels and market location, as well as product decisions, such as selection of production materials, are not areas of promotion.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002 The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. B
A pharmaceutical company sells a common lifesaving drug at extremely high prices in specific geographical regions. Social responsibility is defined as the duty of business to contribute to the wellbeing of society. Because the drug is common and has the capacity to save lives, an unethical issue is possible if the drug is sold at prices so high that some people can afford the drug while others cannot, which might be considered price discrimination. An oil company that substantially increases its gasoline prices when the workers at a large refinery go on strike does not necessarily present an unethical issue since the refinery lacks human resources to supply enough of the product to meet demand. A manufacturing company that increases prices on certain items to cover expenses to add new pollutioncontrol devices is acting in an ethical manner and employing social responsibility to the natural environment. A clothing retailer that deeply discounts goods in an effort to reduce excess inventory from the previous selling season is not conducting socially irresponsible activities.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Jiranek, J. (2017, February 20). Who watches the watchmen: The ethics of drug price inflation. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://pjb.mycpanel2.princeton.edu/wp/index.php/2017/02/20/who-watches-the-watchmenthe-ethics-of-drug-price-inflation/
79. A
Introduce new products from time to time. A certain percent of all industry profits come from successful new products. Product/Service management lets the business know what funds will be needed for research, testing, modifying, and producing products. Inadequate product/service management can result in product/service mistakes that may cost the company a large sum of money. Marketers do not allow products to move through the product life cycle; products do that naturally. Venture teams are small groups composed of representatives from different areas of a company for the purpose of seeking new ventures, or opportunities, for the business. They are usually used by large businesses. Not all products need to be test-marketed because it is costly, delays entry into the full market, may not give an accurate picture of performance, provides no guarantee of actual success, and the idea may be stolen by competitors while it is being tested.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017 Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. B
Improving performance. Advances in technology that have allowed for the development of new materials and operating techniques are helping businesses improve the performance of their products. By improving existing products, businesses are able to keep them on the market and extend their life cycle. Businesses have found that it is usually less expensive to update existing products than to develop entirely new products. Advances in technology are allowing businesses to do this. Advances in technology do not help businesses keep existing products on the market by minimizing inventory, attracting attention, or demonstrating creativity.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Create Capture Connect. (2014, January 31). 5 tips to extend the product life cycle. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://createcaptureconnect.com/product-creation/5tips-extend-product-life-cycle/
81. C
Forced analogies. A forced analogy is a synectics technique that compares a problem with something totally unrelated. Arbitrary metaphors, discretionary comparisons, and deliberate allegories are not terms widely used to describe a synectics creative-thinking method.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127 Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
82. C
Customers. Companies often rely on input and feedback from customers to generate new product ideas. In this example, the restaurant gets feedback from customers and decides to introduce new menu items based on that feedback. This is not an example of brainstorming, observation, or trend research.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 314]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
83. B
To reduce costs. Businesses want to meet quality standards to reduce costs. Managers have recognized that if employees do their jobs right the first time, they can minimize costs. Time isn't wasted redoing work, and fewer products end up as scrap. Time standards relate to how long it takes to get a job done. Quantity standards specify how much work must be done. Managers use standards to increase, rather than decrease, profit.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: LAP-PM-008 Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
84. A
Arbitration. When two parties engage in a dispute that they are unlikely to resolve on their own, an impartial third party may step in. The impartial third party, called an arbitrator, hears both sides' arguments, studies the facts of the case, and then determines a remedy for the situation. This process is called arbitration. The Arbitron Ratings Company uses consumer-generated data to analyze radio advertising. Attrition is a natural reduction in numbers of people due to death, retirement, job changes, etc. Automation is a production method in which machines do tasks automatically.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007 Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
85. D
Product-bundling. Product bundling is the practice of putting together a number of goods/services to create a one-price package. Bundled products are priced so that the consumer pays less for the bundled products than they would pay for products if the consumer purchased each product individually. The advantages to businesses that bundle products include inventory reduction for slow-moving goods, sales increases, and lower new product-introduction costs. Stock-turn, dual-sponsorships, and capitalinvestment are not techniques that provide businesses with the described advantages.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Lloyd, C.S. (2016, April 18). Advantages of product bundle sales. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.homecaremag.com/operations-marketing/april-2016/advantagesproduct-bundle-sales
86. B
National. National brands are those for which the manufacturer assumes all the responsibility of branding. They are also called manufacturers' brands. Private brands are owned by middlemen. Generics are unbranded items that are plainly packaged, have standard or lower quality, are sold at lower prices than branded products, and receive little or no promotion. All of the brands listed are protected by trademark laws.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
87. D
Distributor. Distributor brands are owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brands, rather than the manufacturer. Store brands and private brands are two types of distributor brands. Corporate brands are all the combined customer impressions and experiences associated with a particular company. Value and business brands are not terms typically used to refer to distributor brands.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020 Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
88. D
Promotion. Promotion is communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. The four basic types of promotion are advertising, sales promotion, personal selling, and publicity. Product promotion is used to convince customers to buy certain products. Institutional promotion is used to create a favorable image for a business. Advertising media are the agencies, means, or instruments used to convey messages.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
89. C
Product. Product promotion aims to persuade consumers to buy a good or service. Coca-Cola is promoting its soft drink. Coca-Cola is not promoting the specific company. Service and taste are not types of promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: LAP-PR-004 Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
90. A
Viewers must interact with a video ad before continuing to a website. One of the biggest challenges facing any advertisement is engagement keeping the viewers' attention and making sure they are receiving the message. It is easy for viewers to ignore video ads, either digital or traditional, but if they are forced to interact with the ad in some way, they are more likely to pay attention to the ad and take in its message. Ad-blocking software is a disadvantage to digital advertising, rather than an advantage. Conversion rates are easier to measure online than in print. Finally, digital ads are generally cheaper than television advertisements.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (pp. 516, 534). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
91. D
Governmental restrictions in regard to promotional activities vary by country. Because each government is structured differently, regulation varies from country to country. Consumer advocate groups are organizations that work to influence industry and government policies on behalf of the consumer. Consumer advocate groups often influence government regulation and policies. Because laws vary by country, it would be difficult to develop and fully enforce international laws regarding unfair advertising practices. The ability to sue a company is dependent on the individual country's laws and policies. Many promotional activities are subject to regulation, including media venues (television, radio, print); telemarketing; contests; and sweepstakes.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Wakeman, O. (2016, October 26). What is considered illegal marketing in other countries? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/considered-illegalmarketing-other-countries-73863.html
92. B
Billboards. Billboards are a form of outdoor media. They are often located on the business's property or quite close to it. Other advantages of outdoor media include their ability to reach people who are on the move, low cost per exposure, high repeat exposure, and flexibility. Television, newspapers, and direct mail can provide consumers with the same promotional message, but the message may be seen or heard at some distance from the business that is being promoted.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003 Ad-Quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
93. A
Word-of-mouth communication. This is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Therefore, customers recommending the business to their friends is an example of word-of-mouth communication. In many cases, these recommendations lead to additional sales because people tend to believe their friends and take their advice. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Verbal assertiveness is a confident attitude that involves the use of words. Recommending a business to friends is not an example of one-on-one selling.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Mosley, M. (2017, June 25). Why is word of mouth marketing so important? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.socialmediatoday.com/marketing/why-word-mouthmarketing-so-important
94. B
Management. Some businesses maintain a public relations department while others use the services of a public relations agency. One of the functions of the department or agency is to advise management on public relations issues, such as taking a position on public issues or preparing business employees to make public appearances. Giving advice is a public relations activity intended to help management make the best decisions regarding the business's relations with the public. An important public relations activity in business does not involve giving public relations advice to the media, the government, or the public.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Inc. (2018, May 5). Public relations. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/public-relations.html
95. B
Financial resources. Selling policies are the guidelines for selling activities that involve interaction with customers or potential customers. Many factors affect how a business structures its selling policies. An internal factor that affects a business's selling policies is its financial resources the sources of money (e.g., sales, dividends) a business has. Generally, the more money that a business has, the more flexible it can be with its selling policies. For example, a business that has access to a lot of money can buy more inventory, take advantage of bulk discounts, and pass the savings on to the customer. Having sufficient financial resources often allows the business to extend credit options to customers. Competitors, customers' wants, and government regulations are external factors that affect a business's selling policies.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: LAP-SE-121 Sell Right (Selling Policies)
96. B
Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople. Unethical salespeople often lose customers and create a negative image of their company. Making erroneous statements about competitors or bending the truth to make a sale are typical examples of unethical sales practices. Sales managers must monitor the practices of their sales staff because they are ultimately responsible for the actions and claims of their staff.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: LAP-SE-129 Keep It Real In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
97. B
Texture. A lot of information is found by examining the product itself. A salesperson can determine a product's texture by holding and touching the item. Through careful examination and observation, a salesperson should be able to acquire product knowledge about any item. Information about price, care, and value cannot always be obtained by examining a product.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: LAP-SE-131 Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
98. D
"Because the manufacturer uses high-grade materials to produce this item, its quality is superior." To influence the customer's buying decision, the salesperson must describe the product features and benefits to the customer. One feature that the salesperson might describe is the product's construction. This involves telling the customer about the materials and processes used to make the product. This technique is often used to emphasize the product's high quality. A salesperson describing the product's finishes and colors is pointing out features about appearance and style. If a customer can use the product in many ways, the salesperson is emphasizing the product's uses. Pointing out the length of time that past customers have owned and used the product is emphasizing the item's durability.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: LAP-SE-113 Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
99. B
Reaching closure. Reaching closure involves identifying customer objections and completing the transaction. In this case, Dana is closing the sale by discussing the transaction. Discovering client needs involves asking the customer questions in order to determine what they are looking for. Establishing relationships involves the initial contact the salesperson has with the customer. Prescribing solutions to needs involves the salesperson offering solutions to satisfy the customers' needs.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048 Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
100. B
Vertical staff members. Vertical staff members refers to all employees who are not in management. Ticket takers, security guards, guest relations representatives, and merchandise sales personnel are examples of employees who might provide insight when conducting risk assessment. For example, sales personnel can provide information regarding shoplifting and its risks. By gathering as much information as possible from staff members, sport/event organizations can conduct comprehensive risk assessments in many areas and develop appropriate procedures to handle each situation or issue. Public relations agencies are hired by a business to develop and manage public relations activities for the business. Financial consultants are hired by a business to manage the business's financial matters. Local personnel inspector is not a term widely used by sport/event organizations.
SOURCE: SM:076
SOURCE: Fit for Work. (2017, March 13). Risk assessment. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://fitforwork.org/blog/risk-assessment/
Test 1192
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. B
To liquidate. Federal law provides protection for businesses when they are unable to pay their debts by allowing them to file for bankruptcy. Chapter 7 bankruptcy involves liquidating the business and selling the assets in order to pay creditors a portion of what the business owes them. The end result of Chapter 7 bankruptcy is that the business is released from debts, but all the assets have been liquidated and the business no longer exists. Chapter 11 bankruptcy allows a business to reorganize, which may involve obtaining additional financing. Chapter 7 bankruptcy does not allow a business to consolidate.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Peavler, R. (2018, April 16). What is business bankruptcy? Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/what-is-business-bankruptcy-393017
2. D
Statutory control. Four methods used to limit and regulate the activities of federal agencies are statutory control, political control, judicial review, and informational control. In many countries, the legislative branch has the power to pass statutes (laws) establishing federal agencies. This enabling legislation often identifies limits to the agencies' powers. In other words, these statutes control the agencies' activities. The government wields political control over these agencies by providing (or withholding) funding, by approving (or speaking out against) individuals nominated to lead these agencies, and by amending the agencies' enabling legislation. The courts can also control federal agencies by reviewing and deciding the legality of the agencies' actions. Finally, the public can indirectly control federal agencies through information. Most federal agencies are required to provide the public with information on different topics. After reviewing the information, private citizens can take action to influence the activities of these federal agencies.
SOURCE: BL:074
SOURCE: Cornell Law School Information Institute. (2017, June 26). Administrative law. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/administrative_law
3. D
Producers. Agents perform many functions for producers, such as selling, storing, grading, etc., without actually taking title to the goods they handle. The producer can concentrate on production and pass other responsibilities on to the agent. Agents may sell to retailers, wholesalers, or distributors.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. C
Offers real-time shipment tracking. Satellite technology involves electronically transmitting information from one source to another via an orbiting device. Satellite technology is beneficial to distribution channel members because it can track shipments that are in transit. For example, if a customer wants to know the status of an order and when it will arrive, the shipper can use satellite technology to quickly determine exactly where the transporter (e.g., truck) is en route. Satellite technology does not necessarily increase manufacturing outputs, ensure accurate order processing, or provide transportation flexibility.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Heyn, S. (2014, April). Shipment monitoring technology: Picking up the signals. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/shipment-monitoringtechnology-picking-up-the-signals/
5. A
A small manufacturer enters a new market. Exclusive dealing occurs when a business forbids a channel member from buying a competitor's products. Many governments prohibit exclusive dealing because it restrains trade and competition. One exception is a small business entering a new market; it will not limit competition because it does not have a large portion of the market share. A company with a large market share engaged in exclusive dealing will restrain competition, which is illegal in many countries. In many locations, tying agreements and closed territories that restrain competition are illegal practices.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Norris, L.N. (2012, May 16). Exclusive dealing: An antitrust analysis. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.americanbar.org/groups/young_lawyers/publications/the_101_201_practice_seri es/exclusive_dealing_an_antitrust_analysis/
6. C
Ethical business practices. Studies have shown a strong relationship between customer satisfaction and a company's ethical behavior. Building customer loyalty gives a business a competitive advantage and is profitable. Taking care of employees tends to encourage employees to take care of business. Paying higher wages is not the only requirement for employee commitment. Pricing strategies can ensure profit but have little impact on employee commitment and customer loyalty. Customer satisfaction, employee contentment, and profit are not directly linked to automated distribution centers.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: McGuire, L. (2013, October 22). Ethical considerations in channel management. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://prezi.com/5sxzpkqjytml/ethical-considerations-in-channelmanagement/
7. D
A wholesaler follows up with a producer to ensure that it will ship products to arrive in time for a retailer's scheduled promotion. Each member of a distribution channel (e.g., producers, wholesalers, and retailers) must work together to ensure that products are available when they are needed such as when one channel member has a scheduled sales promotion. If products do not arrive at stores in time for a sales promotion, customers are likely to be dissatisfied and go elsewhere to purchase the items that they want or need. Therefore, channel members need to communicate and follow up with each other on a regular basis. Developing an advertising schedule, researching suppliers online, and developing a press release are not examples of channel members working together to coordinate marketing activities.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Jacobsen, S. (2016, June 1). What does a successful channel management program look like? Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.logicbay.com/blog/bid/95507/what-doesa-successful-channel-management-program-look-like
8. A
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2018). Active listening. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/active-listening.html
9. C
Take notes while the speaker is presenting the material. Taking notes during the presentation will help Sammy capture key points and make sure she didn't miss any important information. Taking notes after the presentation does not ensure Sammy will retain all the necessary information. Listening to the presentation and then asking a coworker for notes or attempting the task immediately afterwards could result in missteps.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: UA Management Information Systems. (2011, August 31). 101 ways to make yourself indispensable at work: Follow directions. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://uamis.wordpress.com/2011/08/31/101-ways-to-make-yourself-indispensable-at-workfollow-directions/
10. A
Supporting ideas with evidence. Ideas that are evidence-based are more easily accepted than those that are not. Primary information is new information collected for the issue at hand. DiAnn is collecting secondary information, which involves obtaining information that has already been collected by others. The evidence does not create alternative ideas. It is meant to add validation to the original idea. Clarifying an idea involves explaining it in more detail.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: The Writing Center, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. (2018). Evidence. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://writingcenter.unc.edu/handouts/evidence/
11. B
Chronological. Elizabeth puts her information about Abraham Lincoln in time sequence, otherwise known as chronological order. Topical order involves arranging into related subcategories, such as pros and cons. Spatial order arranges material according to physical space or geography, like showing the layout of a new building. Cause-and-effect order emphasizes the relationship between events and their consequences. It could be used to demonstrate the effects of smoking or the benefits of exercise.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
12. D
Analytic. Informational messages communicate knowledge, facts, or data to the message receiver. Analytic messages specifically communicate information that the message sender or someone else has evaluated, compiled, or interpreted, which gives the message meaning. For example, if a manager writes a memo stating that a project is over budget and backs up the statement with numerical data and examples, the manager is providing evaluative (analytic) information. Explanatory messages simply state information in a neutral and objective way. The simplicity or complexity of an evaluative message depends on the message topic.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Computer Business Research. (n.d.). Analytical information. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://www.computerbusinessresearch.com/Home/database/analytical-information
13. A
Bar chart. A bar chart would help simplify financial figures and make them easier to understand more quickly. A calculator would complicate a presentation. Heat maps and geographical data maps are used to show locations and information as it relates to space.
SOURCE: CO:204
SOURCE: Duke University Libraries. (2017, August 9). Data visualization: Visualization types. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://guides.library.duke.edu/datavis/vis_types
14. D
Being consistent. Being consistent involves offering the same, reliable goods and services on a regular basis. Businesses that are consistent do what they say they are going to do and do it right the first time. Being consistent is a good technique for building positive customer relations because customers know that they can count on getting what they need from the business. Customers appreciate consistency and usually will continue to buy from the business. Businesses should be open to change in order to meet the changing needs of their customers. Buying advertising and conducting research will not build positive customer relations unless the business also offers consistent service and reliable products.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. C
Arguing politely. Salespeople should never argue with the customer, not even in a polite manner. Allowing the person to express dissatisfaction will place the customer in a positive frame of mind. Therefore, you need to listen carefully, empathize with the customer's problem, and discuss the problem and possible solutions.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
16. B
As natural and human resources become limited, capital goods become limited. Capital goods are items manufactured or produced from natural and human resources. Natural resources are items found in nature that are used in production, and human resources are the people who transform natural resources into capital goods and consumer products.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. B
Develop contingency plans. When an organization actively considers "what-if" and "worst-case scenarios," it is in a better position to quickly adapt to changes because it has anticipated how it will react under different circumstances—the business contingency plans are in place. To develop effective contingency plans, businesses often ask for and consider their employees' input. Obsolescence is a state of being out-of-date or old-fashioned. Businesses that do not keep up to date with their target markets' needs and wants are likely to fail. Updating product information is not a way to adapt quickly to changes in the marketplace; rather, it is an activity that communicates current information about the company's offerings.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
18. A
Natural resources. Coal, oil, water, and minerals are examples of natural resources and are found in nature. Some jobs exist because of the availability of natural resources and certain physical climatic conditions. Capital goods are resources used by businesses to increase production. Human resources are the people who use their different skills in jobs. The term resources encompasses the categories of natural, capital, and human resources.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: LAP-EC-007—Divide and Conquer (Specialization and Division of Labor)
19. B
Decrease. The law of diminishing returns states that after a certain point, hiring additional employees will result in smaller increases in the overall level of production. Overall productivity reaches its highest level when there are a certain number of employees using the available resources to do the work. If businesses hire additional employees, the individual production level decreases because there are too many employees using the same resources, such as equipment. In order for production to increase at the desired level when businesses hire more employees, the business also needs to buy additional equipment and supplies and expand its space. According to the law of diminishing returns, continuing to hire additional employees does not cause individual production to level off, increase, or remain unchanged.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
20. C
Structural. Structural unemployment results when people do not have the job skills for jobs that currently exist. Because technology has evolved at a rapid rate over the past several decades, many jobs that were once performed manually or with minimal training have been replaced with automated systems or with jobs requiring special skills. Seasonal unemployment occurs when people are out of work because of factors that involve the time of year. Frictional unemployment describes people who are temporarily between jobs due to layoffs, resignations, or educational pursuits. These people often have the skills and training they need to work but are unemployed. Cyclical unemployment occurs during periods of time when there is low demand for workers due to economic conditions and fluctuations in the business cycle.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018, October 22). Unemployment rate. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/unemploymentrate.asp
21. A
An official passport is typically required to visit and conduct business in foreign countries. Visa regulations change often and may or may not be required for business travel. Vaccination requirements also change frequently and may or may not be required depending on the countries being visited. A visa typically cannot be obtained without a passport, and usually individuals traveling internationally are required to have an official passport.
SOURCE: EC:141
SOURCE: Export.gov. (2018, June 14). Navigate your market successfully: Business travel abroad. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.export.gov/article?id=Business-Culture
22. D
Family can be a source of values. A person's values often stem from family, friends, culture, education, religion, media influences, and significant events in his/her life or in society. The experiences of Melanie's parents have influenced her values and encouraged her to place value on education. This example does not demonstrate how Melanie's values came from her personality, how values do not impact behavior, or that Melanie should have assessed her values.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
23. C
Staring. Eye contact is looking others directly in the eye. It must be used carefully so as not to be misinterpreted. A positive way of using eye contact is to look the other person in the eye and then look away. Look back from time to time to maintain contact, but don't stare. It is appropriate to talk, point, and smile while making eye contact with others in order to communicate interest and enthusiasm.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Giang, V. (2013, October 17). 3 etiquette rules you should know about eye contact. Retrieved October 24, 2019, from http://www.businessinsider.com/3-etiquette-rules-youneed-to-know-about-eye-contact-2013-10
24. C
Darren tells a teacher when he sees his friends skipping class. Staying true to your principles isn't always easy. In fact, sometimes it's downright scary! To show integrity, however, you must stand up for what you believe in, even when it isn't the popular choice or when it might lead to consequences. In Darren's case, he is being courageous because he might not want to get his friends in trouble or make anyone mad at him, but he does what is right anyway. Treating others at work with respect, promising to complete work, and supporting friends are all aspects of integrity but do not specifically relate to being courageous.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
25. A
Equality. Some believe that fairness means treating everyone with equality. From this perspective, people are treated consistently regardless of their individual characteristics, traits, and circumstances. From this viewpoint, identical actions lead to identical consequences, no matter who is involved. Justice means treating others how they deserve to be treated according to an ethical understanding of what is right. Justice goes beyond treating people consistently. When you act with justice in mind, you are taking people's unique characteristics into account when determining what is fair for that individual. Empathy means understanding and identifying with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. Generosity is sharing with others without allowing your own selfishness to outweigh your desire to equally share with those who deserve it.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
26. B
Admitting your mistakes. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting that you made a mistake and that you are willing to accept the consequences of your actions. Although it is difficult to admit your mistakes, taking responsibility for them indicates that you are an honest person, which is a trait that employers value. Letting others accept blame for your mistakes, justifying your errors, and responding to criticism in a defensive manner are not ways in which you take responsibility for your actions.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
27. D
Accountability helps you own your decision-making and handle the repercussions of your decisions. Accountability is accepting responsibility for your decisions. Those who tolerate ambiguity accept responsibility for whatever comes their way. They own their decision-making and are unafraid to be wrong. Accountability does not necessarily make it easier to adapt to changes, allow you to feel less stressed in challenging situations, or mean you will assume the worst and be unable to accept what you cannot control.
SOURCE: EI:092
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
28. C
Speaking tactfully. Tact is the ability to do or say the right thing in any circumstances, so to speak tactfully is to consider your words carefully before saying them. Theodora should speak tactfully to her coworkers because it shows that she's empathetic. Considering body language and sharing experiences are two important ways to demonstrate empathy, but Theodora is not showing them in this example. Believing stereotypes is not a way to demonstrate empathy; to be empathetic, it's important to get rid of all your stereotypes.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
29. C
"Thanks anyway; maybe another time." This is an appropriate response because it expresses your thanks for their response and lets them know you understand and will ask them again. Reminding coworkers that you had helped them earlier is attempting to make them feel guilty, which they will probably resent. Saying that you won't bother them again indicates you are offended by their refusal. Saying you don't know how you'll get done (without help) is whining, which is a very negative habit that annoys other people.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
30. D
Be realistic about your strengths and weaknesses. When determining your personal vision, it is important to be honest and realistic with yourself about your strengths and weaknesses. You will only set yourself up for disappointment by envisioning a future that doesn't align with what you can realistically achieve. You should not consider the opinions of your family or friends when determining your vision—your vision is ultimately up to you to determine. You should not underestimate your potential accomplishments or exaggerate about your skills and abilities when determining your vision. Instead, you should be realistic and honest.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
31. A
Revolving. Businesses that offer revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that a customer may charge an account. When customers use their credit cards and make purchases on their accounts, businesses require them to make a minimal monthly payment. If a customer chooses to make the minimal payment, the business charges interest on the customer's outstanding balance. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that the borrower pays in regular installments until the item is paid off. Installment credit is often used when purchasing expensive items such as cars and furniture. A budget credit account is a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods with a payment due every 30 days. Service credit is credit used for utilities that have been consumed but not paid for (e.g., water and electricity).
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
32. A
Property. Tax liability is the amount of money that people owe and must pay to the government. Property taxes are monies that local governments collect from homeowners. The value of the home and the property the home sits upon is a consideration when determining the homeowner's property tax liability. Excise taxes are sales taxes on specific goods such as gasoline, cigarettes, and alcohol. Governments collect sales tax for purchases and income tax on money that a person earns.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Fay, B. (2018). Types of taxes. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.debt.org/tax/type/
33. B
Memorize your social security number, and keep your card at home. You should avoid keeping your social security card in your wallet or purse. Instead, leave the card at home or somewhere safe, and memorize your social security number. You should never give out personal information when the other person initiated the contact—instead, you should only give out information when you initiated the contact yourself. You shouldn't just throw away credit card statements, receipts, and credit offers. Instead, you should shred them. Many thieves practice dumpster diving to find documents with bank account or credit card numbers. You shouldn't give out information to someone who says s/he works for a legitimate company, as that person could easily be lying to you. In fact, this is a common phishing scheme. Only give out your personal information if the other person has some way to verify who s/he is (or if you were the one who contacted him/her).
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2012, July). How to keep your personal information secure. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0272-how-keep-yourpersonal-information-secure
34. A
Ensure transparency. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders. The accounting function collects and records the financial information in the appropriate format. Transparency involves fully disclosing the required information so it is understandable to the intended audience. Governments do not regulate the ways in which businesses report financial data to reduce taxes or stimulate market growth. The consequences of incorrect information (e.g., fines) may reduce the risk of mistakes on the report, but the risk of mistakes cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: The World Bank. (2013, October 1). Effective and transparent financial reporting is good for business. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/feature/2013/10/01/effective-and-transparent-financialreporting-is-good-for-business
35. A
How to finance investments. Capital investment decisions are concerned with long-term projects that will last for years into the future, like financing investments. How to manage cash flow is not a capital investment decision. Cash flow is a concern addressed in working capital management. Handling accounts payable and managing inventory are also actions related to working capital management.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
36. D
All businesses must comply with fundraising laws. Fundraising activities are regulated by law. This means that all businesses, including nonprofits, must comply with fundraising laws. Fundraising laws apply to all forms of fundraising, including events and Internet fundraising.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: The Charity Commission. (2013, May 23). Fundraising legally and responsibly. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.gov.uk/guidance/fundraising-legally-and-responsibly
37. B
Communicate the employer's philosophy and expectations. A good orientation program sets the tone for the new hire's experience with the company. It answers basic questions for new employees and helps them feel welcome and comfortable in their new surroundings. It often involves giving tours to familiarize the employees with the facilities, completing the required paperwork, distributing employee handbooks, and introducing them to their new colleagues. A very important aspect of orientation is to communicate the employer's philosophy and behavioral expectations so the employee can adapt accordingly. The purpose of the orientation session is not to go over specific financial goals. Job qualifications are verified during the interview process. Salaries are negotiated after the employer extends the job offer and before the candidate (new employee) accepts the offer.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2017, November 21). What are the benefits of new employee orientation programs? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-newemployee-orientation-programs-1281.html
38. C
Primary. Primary data are facts collected for use in one particular situation. They are gathered in a systematic manner to solve a problem, explore an opportunity, or for any purpose useful to the business. Some ways in which primary data are gathered include questioning salespeople, customers, or competitors or hiring a marketing-research company to obtain the data. Secondary data are facts already collected for some other purpose. Economic data are facts collected regarding the economy as a whole. These data may be primary or secondary in nature.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: LAP-IM-002—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
39. B
They vary by jurisdiction. Businesses have the ability to easily collect information from people who visit their websites and from customers who purchase their goods and services. While collecting this type of information helps a business determine which products sell and what customers want, the business must be careful not to break consumer-privacy laws, which vary by jurisdiction. Jurisdiction is the authority a court has to resolve a legal issue. Jurisdiction is affected by many factors including geographic location (e.g., state, province, country), customer (e.g., children), and industry (e.g., financial, healthcare). Consumer-privacy laws are not enforceable at an international level.
SOURCE: IM:419
SOURCE: PrivacyPolicies.com. (2018, January 19). What's data privacy law in your country? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://privacypolicies.com/blog/privacy-law-by-country/
40. A
By identifying consumers' wants and needs. The marketing concept is a philosophy of conducting business that is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Marketing research helps the business implement the marketing concept by providing it with information about what consumers want, need, and are likely to buy. Marketing research cannot solve a business's problems or prevent financial losses. The business sets its own goals which may or may not be based on marketing-research information.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
41. A
Problem. A problem is an issue that needs a solution. Often, a particular problem, such as low sales, is the reason for conducting marketing research. The research helps the business determine why sales are continuously dropping so that it can determine how to resolve the problem. The example does not define a marketing-research risk, goal, or strategy.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: LAP-IM-282—What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
42. C
Conducting a census is impossible or unrealistic. Marketers use sampling when conducting a census is impossible or unrealistic, which is most of the time. Sampling is also much quicker than a census, making it ideal when the timeframe for the research study is short. A census can be used when making a wrong decision is too risky or when the population is very small.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: LAP-IM-016—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
43. B
Obtain data about new products. A business's website contains volumes of information designed to attract customers and encourage them to buy. However, this information is also available to competitors. Consequently, marketing-information managers often monitor their competitors' websites to obtain data about new products that competitors might be selling. This data might indicate the characteristics and features of the products as well as pricing information. Businesses might use this information to develop similar products or to update existing products. Although businesses post a lot of information on their websites, they usually do not include information about inventory turnover rates, current sales records, or regional economic factors.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: LAP-IM-184—Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
44. D
Transcribing. Transcribing involves taking the coded information and entering it into the appropriate computer fields so that businesspeople can analyze and review information. Researchers discard incomplete information before entering it into the computer.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 505-510]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. D
92. The mode is the number that occurs the most frequently. 92 is the only number that occurs more than once, so it is the mode in this set of numbers.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G. & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 183). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
46. B
Do not represent the population. Because the survey was only given to regular customers of the Chinese restaurant, the sample does not represent the total population of the town. Regular customers are more likely to indicate interest in the new restaurant because they already have a favorable impression of the current restaurant. There is no indication that the data gathered are incomplete, contain leading questions, or are full of dishonest responses.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: NEDARC. (2016, August 29). Random selection. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from http://www.nedarc.org/statisticalhelp/selectionAndSampling/randomSelection.html
47. B
Funnel. The funnel approach involves asking very broad questions at the beginning of the questionnaire. This helps the respondents focus and get comfortable with the survey. Then, the questionnaire progressively asks the questions that are narrower in scope toward the end of the questionnaire. The funnel approach helps researchers organize the questionnaire in a way that prevents question-order bias. Branching is a technique that requires respondents to go to another place in the questionnaire to answer specific questions if they respond a certain way to the initial question. Bridging and remote are not questionnaire formats.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [p. 306]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. C
Relational. Relational databases allow businesses to examine the relationships between many variables at one time. In relational databases, information is set up in tables with rows and columns. The rows represent a category and the columns represent the variables. For example, a business could develop a relational database with a row for each of its salespeople and columns across for sales by month. The business then would be able to examine the relationship between each salesperson's sales according to month and make comparisons between salespeople. A sequential database organizes information in a simple path from one factor to the next. Informative and interactive are not types of databases.
SOURCE: IM:063
SOURCE: Amazon Web Services. (2018). What is a relational database? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://aws.amazon.com/relational-database/
49. B
Pricing. Pricing is a marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. In this situation, Jake took his competitor's price into consideration to help determine his own. Promotion is a marketing function that involves communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Selling is a marketing function that involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Channel management is a marketing function that involves identifying, selecting, monitoring, and evaluating sales channels.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
50. B
Geographic. Grouping customers according to where they are located is geographic segmentation. Customers are grouped on the basis of such geographic divisions as regions, states, cities, and neighborhoods. Demographic segmentation divides a market on the basis of its physical and social characteristics. Lifestyles and personalities of customers are used as the basis for psychographic segmentation of markets. Dividing customers into groups according to their response to a product is behavioral segmentation.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
51. D
A recent health care law affects procedures at a hospital. The situation analysis must discuss the climate, or external factors, that could affect the marketing situation. External factors can be social and cultural, demographic, economic, technological, or political and legal. A new health care law is an example of a political and legal change that would affect the marketing efforts of a hospital. A shoe company releasing a new line of athletic gear is an internal company change, as is a technology firm hiring a new president. A joint venture is an example of a collaboration, rather than an external factor.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: LAP-MP-007—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
52. A
To remain competitive. When a business's external environment changes, it should evaluate its internal environment in order to remain competitive. External changes, such as industry growth or a slowdown in the economy, often make it necessary for a company to change the way it does business. These types of external changes might make it more difficult for a business to compete and remain successful. In response to external changes, a business might update its advertising, revise its pricing, and improve its distribution in order to remain competitive.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Lake, L. (2017, June 26). Situation analysis. Retrieved October 24, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/purpose-and-elements-of-a-situational-analysis-2295754
53. A
Inflation rate is expected to drop by 1%. Changes in the economy affect sales and, thus, sales forecasting. When the economy improves for any reason, such as a 1% decrease in inflation, consumers' disposable income is increased, and sales of consumer products often increases. A business should consider economic changes when forecasting sales and raise its expectations for the coming year if it thinks consumers will be able to buy more of its product than in the past. A business might consider lowering its sales forecast if the cost of supplies will increase by 2% or the customer base will decrease by 5%. The sales forecast might stay the same if wages and salaries are expected to remain the same.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: LAP-MP-005—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
54. C
Comparing the information with other articles about the topic. When other articles from reputable sources confirm the information from the original article, the information in the original article is more likely to be reliable. Evaluating the author's writing style, gathering internal reports from the company's database, and asking others for their opinions are not actions that will verify the reliability of the article's information.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Cooper, M. (2017, April 4). How to determine the validity of a research article. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://classroom.synonym.com/determine-validity-research-article5035804.html#
55. D
It enhances information gathering and decision-making. Technology enhances information gathering and aids in business decision-making. Innovations such as the Internet have made gathering relevant information much faster and easier. Technology makes it easier for businesses to get to know their customers and raises productivity levels. It may or may not raise employees' salaries.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-Tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
56. B
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: O'Donovan, K. (2018, August 21). 18 best time management apps and tools. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from http://www.lifehack.org/articles/technology/top-15-time-managementapps-and-tools.html
57. B
Records become inaccessible due to obsolete technology. As technology evolves, new tools and storage formats replace the older, less efficient ones. For example, most of today's computers cannot access data stored on a floppy disk. Rather than keeping out-of-date equipment on hand to read older files, businesses often migrate their older records to current technology, which is costly in terms of time and money. When businesses use current technology, they can update their data and business records quickly. Similar to manual record-keeping processes, businesses can develop and "file" their documents on computers in organized ways. Businesses are required to keep certain types of records (e.g., financial) for a certain time, but they do not need to keep all documents for a minimum amount of time.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
58. C
Work in various locations. The increased use of computers and telecommunications equipment is changing the way many companies operate and do business. At one time, most employees worked in one location and communicated with others through written memos and phone calls. Today, computers and telecommunications equipment allow many employees to work in various locations and maintain contact with coworkers, managers, and customers. For example, an employee with a laptop computer can work from home, while traveling by air to an appointment, while conducting business in a foreign country, or while relaxing at the beach. Routine tasks often do not involve the use of computers or telecommunications equipment. The increased use of computers and telecommunications equipment does not necessarily allow employees to participate in management or encourage them to compete with coworkers.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 147). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. D
Import/Export regulations. Import/Export regulations are a factor that relates to government. The government can have a great influence on a business's decision-making, so it is important to include government in any environmental scan. Religious affiliation is a piece of demographic data. Stage of the business cycle relates to the economy. Advances in technology will be scanned in a separate category.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
60. A
Financial loss. It is estimated that the total financial loss, or cost, of accidents to businesses exceeds $92.7 billion a year. Part of these costs come from having to pay higher insurance rates. Loss of career and reduction of benefits would be effects on employees rather than on the business.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: George, B. (2014, April 28). How do workplace accidents affect employers? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.brentgeorgelaw.com/how-do-workplace-accidents-affectemployers/
61. C
Refocusing scope. Once you've identified areas where you need improvement, you will have to take corrective actions to get your project back on track. An example is refocusing the scope of your project. Project failure, risk tracking, and stakeholder management are not types of corrective actions to take if your project has derailed.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
62. A
The assigned employee schedules a one-week vacation. Project planners need to consider many variables when estimating the actual length of time it will take to complete certain tasks. If the employee assigned to perform the task will be unavailable because of a scheduled vacation, the project planner should allot additional time. In this situation, the task can be completed in 50 hours; but the assigned employee who works a 40-hour week will be on vacation for one week. Therefore, the employee will be able to work on the task for one 40-hour week, be away for one week, and work on the project for 10 hours the third week for a total of 50 hours. Observing a one-day national holiday will reduce the amount of available time by eight hours which would still provide 72 hours in two weeks to perform the task. Flexible 40-hour schedules total 80 hours in two weeks. A two-day weekend meeting will not take away time from the regular 40-hour week.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 165-185]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute.
63. A
Delivery timeliness. When selecting a supplier, businesses must consider delivery timeliness. The business must ask if the supplier can deliver the goods when they are needed. In some situations, it may be better for a business to use a supplier who may be a little more expensive, but in closer physical proximity of the business, if that supplier can consistently meet delivery requirements. Personnel policies are guidelines for employees' behavior in the workplace. The exchange rate is the value of one nation's currency in relation to another nation's currency. Return on sales or target return is a profit-oriented pricing objective in which the business bases the amount of profit it wants to earn on the amount of its sales.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Hayes, D.K., & Ninemeier, J.D. (2010). Purchasing: A guide for hospitality professionals (p. 91). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education.
64. D
Quality materials that arrive on time. Two purchasing-related factors that can have a significant impact on quality and productivity are the quality of the materials and the timeliness of their delivery. High-quality materials only benefit productivity if they arrive on time. Inexpensive materials may decrease the cost of goods sold, but they aren't likely to increase productivity and quality. Materials that are precut to reduce production time could increase productivity, but only if they are delivered on time. Precut materials may or may not increase the quality of the outputs.
SOURCE: OP:247
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2014, July 18). How to create a formal purchasing program. Retrieved on October 25, 2018, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/79798
65. D
Continuous. Businesses with a steady demand for their standard products, such as toothpaste, often operate continuously. In most cases, the continuous production process is highly automated and operates steadily with assistance from only a few employees. Intermittent production starts and stops frequently and produces only when there is a need to increase stock levels. Labor-intensive production processes rely more on people than on machines. Batch production processes are used to produce limited quantities of a product at one time.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
66. D
Limiting code of behavior. It is easy to fall into patterns of behavior that suffocate creativity. People convinced that their problems are unavoidable won't look for solutions. Stress is due to worry and fatigue. Creativity requires people to explore alternatives and take risks; therefore, people who have to be right the first time can't take the chance of being wrong.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
67. B
Time is a precious commodity. Time is a valuable resource that should be used wisely. The supply of time cannot be expanded, and it is not used in the same way by everyone. Some people make very good use of their time, while others waste it.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001—About Time (Time Management)
68. D
Deregulating and reducing taxes. One way governments can support startup businesses is to make it easier to conduct business by having fewer rules that restrict trade with other companies or countries. Another way governments can support entrepreneurship is by reducing tax obligations for small-business startups. Entrepreneurs can use the tax savings to build the business. Ethical standards refer to the unwritten rules that govern each individual's behavior. Exhibiting ethical behavior might enhance one's chances for success in business but does not necessarily encourage entrepreneurial development. Increased interest rates on loans indicate that the business owner is paying more money to start the company. Some entrepreneurs might not feel that they can afford the loan amount and decide not to start the business. Therefore, the higher interest rates do not encourage entrepreneurial growth. Governments that pass laws with strict trade guidelines reduce the ability for free trade, thereby discouraging entrepreneurship.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
69. C
To show your continued interest. After every employment interview, you should send the interviewer a follow-up letter. The purpose of this letter is to thank interviewers for their time and to show that you are truly interested in obtaining the job. The follow-up letter serves as a reminder to interviewers and helps to keep your name in front of them. Your qualifications should be explained during the interview but may be highlighted in a follow-up letter. Applicants usually submit personal information with their résumé before an interview. The primary purpose of an interview follow-up letter is not to ask additional questions.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 90-91). Columbus, OH: McGrawHill Education.
70. D
Growth. Growth goals are organizational goals that businesses set to expand and grow. Expansion may include merging with another company, adding more products to the product mix, adding a production shift, or opening additional stores. Control goals are the organization's goals for monitoring the work. A profit goal is the amount of money the business wants to make after its expenses are paid. A marketshare goal is the desired portion of a total market that the business wants to attract.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Barnat, R. (n.d.). Organizational goals. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from http://www.introduction-to-management.24xls.com/en104
71. D
Product management. Product managers create, test, and decide how a product will be packaged. They direct and coordinate all aspects of the product. Advertisers develop messages and images to catch customers' attention, inform them of products, and persuade them to buy. They use a variety of media to communicate with customers. Some of these media are the Internet, radio, television, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and catalogs. Marketing researchers are responsible for determining what customers need and want and why customers do what they do. Channel management is the processes by which marketers ensure that products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: LAP-PD-021—Career Opportunities in Marketing
72. D
Developing a complex pricing structure. Some businesses develop complex pricing structures that are very difficult for customers to understand. Customers buying from such businesses are seldom able to figure out how to get a lower price and end up spending more than they should. Although this practice is not illegal, it is considered unethical because customers don't have a fair chance to obtain the best price. Providing a reference price is ethical because it gives customers a comparison price. It is ethical for businesses to match the prices of competitors as long as they don't meet in advance and agree to set the prices. The purpose of business is to earn a profit, which involves marking up prices.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: McCormick, M. (2017, May 30). Are your prices ethical? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://blog.blackcurve.com/are-your-prices-ethical
73. D
Misleads customers about the true value of a product. Deceptive pricing is an illegal pricing tactic because it misleads customers about the true value of a product. An example of deceptive pricing is setting a high price on a product and then advertising a big discount which actually reduces the price to a realistic, or normal, level. Customers buy the item because they think they are saving money when, in fact, they are paying what the item is actually worth. Price lining involves selling products at a limited number of predetermined price points. Variable pricing involves changing prices according to current demand. Promotional pricing involves offering special prices on certain products such as discontinued items. These pricing activities are not illegal.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: McCormick, M. (2017, May 30). Are your prices ethical? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://blog.blackcurve.com/are-your-prices-ethical
74. C
Be lowered. The selling price of products must cover costs. If costs decrease, the business can afford to lower prices. This may result in an increased sales volume and a possible increase in profits. Raising prices routinely or sharply could result in a decrease in sales volume. Prices are likely to remain the same if costs decrease.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: LAP-PI-003—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
75. D
Services. Services are intangible products and the customer benefits they offer. They cannot be tasted, felt, seen, heard, or smelled. Services are performed rather than produced. Goods are tangible objects that can be manufactured or produced for resale. Product lines are groups of related product items. Private labels are labels or brands that belong to the seller.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
76. D
Competitors arrive on the scene. The growth stage of the product life cycle is when competitors arrive on the scene. When a product is selling and making money, other companies want to get in on the action! Costs tend to go down during the growth stage, due to economies of scale. The growth stage is also the stage when sales increase very rapidly. The maturity stage, not the growth stage, is the longest-lasting stage of the product life cycle.
SOURCE: PM:024
SOURCE: LAP-PM-024—Get a Life (Cycle) (Product Life Cycles)
77. C
Radio frequency identification. Radio frequency identification (RFID) technology involves the use of a wireless transmitter to store product information, such as the shipping history and the date the item was sold. To track the product, the transmitter or tag is attached to a pallet, the item's packaging, or the item itself. Electronic readers retrieve the tag information and feed it to a computer database where the business can store all of its product information in a central location. RFID technology improves efficiency levels of the product/service management function through all levels of the distribution channel. Integrated project planning software, three-dimensional drum scanners, and cyber-security applications are not used to track supplies and products.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: EPC-RFID. (n.d.). What is RFID? Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.epcrfid.info/rfid
78. C
Providing them with improved products that make their lives easier. Supporters of planned obsolescence argue that the practice can benefit customers by providing them with new and improved versions of products that make their lives easier. Supporters of planned obsolescence do not argue that the practice directly benefits customers by improving the economy, eliminating their need to make their own product purchasing decisions, or reducing the amount of stress involved with choosing a product to buy.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: LAP-PM-040—Safe and Sound (Ethics in Product/Service Management)
79. B
Changing life circumstances. John is leaving the educational world to go into the business world; therefore, his life is changing. The other alternatives also create chances for product opportunities; however, they do not relate to the scenario.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Martecchini, P. (2014, December 2). How consumer life stages should drive marketing. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://multichannelmerchant.com/blog/consumer-lifestages-drive-marketing/
80. A
Express warranty. An express warranty is a warranty that is written or expressed verbally. It may be an oral promise given by the salesperson to a customer. A salesperson promising to repair or replace a product if it doesn't work properly during a period of time is an example of an express warranty. Then, the business must fulfill the promise to the customers. An implied warranty is an unwritten warranty understood by the consumer and the seller that the product will perform as expected. A money-back guarantee is a promise to refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. An unconditional guarantee means that a product can be returned at any time for a refund or credit.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: LAP-PM-004—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
81. C
List all ingredients on the products' packaging. Listing the ingredients on food packaging allows consumers to read the contents of processed foods. This is important because consumers who are allergic to certain foods or food additives can determine if the product is safe for them to eat by reviewing the ingredients that are listed on the packaging. Hazardous product symbols are typically added to the packages of non-food Items (e.g., cleaning products) that contain dangerous chemicals. Many governments require food manufacturers to include nutritional information on their labels or packaging; however, this requirement is not tied specifically to allergies. It is important to seal packages to prevent product tampering but this will not prevent people from accidentally consuming foods to which they are allergic.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
82. A
To allow the company to specialize. A company that has a narrow product mix offers a limited number of product lines. This enables the company to specialize efficiently, produce efficiently, and to concentrate on marketing the product lines. The needs of a variety of consumers and the use of a wide range of prices are addressed with a deep product mix. A broad product mix reduces the costs of goods a company purchases for resale.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix & Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
83. D
Benefits. Consumers tend to buy based on how the product benefits them rather than focusing on the product components, materials, or manufacturing processes. Therefore, businesses stress the benefits when positioning products.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: LAP-PM-019—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used To Position Products/Services)
84. C
Family. Family branding is using one brand name for a group of related products in a product line. A private brand is owned by the middleman. An individual brand is a brand in which different brand names are used for products owned by one company. Licensed branding occurs when a brand owner allows another company to use the brand for a fee.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
85. A
Serious, knowledgeable, and reliable. Brand personality is the projection of a brand that encompasses its values and emotional connections with consumers. In other words, a brand personality describes what a brand would be like if it were a person. Serious, knowledgeable, and reliable are ways to describe a brand personality. “We promise to provide the highest quality merchandise at the best possible price” is an example of a brand promise. Integrity, honesty, and authenticity are examples of brand values. Logos, images and graphics, and names are elements of brand identity.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
86. B
Product. Product promotion is a type of promotion that aims to persuade consumers to buy a good or service, such as a certain brand of jeans. Corporate, or institutional, promotion is a type of promotion that aims to create a certain image in the eyes of consumers. Patronage promotion is a type of institutional promotion designed to promote a firm's features or prestige.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: LAP-PR-004—Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
87. D
No, there may be other, more successful mixes to try. A promotional mix is a combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to customers. A company should continually analyze its promotional mix to be sure it is using the most appropriate, efficient mix. In some cases, a promotional mix that has been successful in the past may continue to be successful in the future, but this is not always the case. There is no one promotional mix that is best for all businesses, and a promotional budget does not necessarily decrease each year.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: LAP-PR-001—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
88. B
Does not send a negative message to people who cannot afford a product. Socially responsible advertising does not send negative messages to people that cause them to be dissatisfied with their standard of living. A message that was socially irresponsible might imply that people who cannot afford certain products will not be able to have pleasant lives. While socially responsible advertising may be concerned with the environment, this is not a requirement. Slanting advertising to specific social groups is target marketing and may or may not be socially responsible. Socially responsible advertising does not necessarily involve a company's reputation.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Thompson, S. (n.d.). Social responsibility in advertising. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/social-responsibility-advertising-52880.html
89. A
Types of products being advertised. Regulations regarding promotion differ throughout the world. When businesses want to promote their products in other countries, they need to be aware of different regulations. One regulatory factor often involves the types of products being advertised. For example, charities may not advertise on television in the United Kingdom. In France, diet products may not be advertised on television. The cost of media placement and the price of comparable products are not regulatory factors that affect promotion. Culture is not a regulatory factor; however, culture has an impact on the regulations that affect promotion on an international level.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Studious Guy. (n.d.). Factors that affect marketing and advertising. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://studiousguy.com/factors-affect-marketing-advertising/
90. C
Radio. The production costs of a radio commercial and air time are relatively inexpensive, especially when compared to television. Radio is often used as a supplementary medium to reinforce a firm's other promotional efforts. Newspapers and magazines are both print media.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
91. A
Trade shows. Participating in trade shows would allow Sealway to physically demonstrate the new performance features of its product to a targeted audience. Although blogs, newsletters, and press releases fall into the category of public relations, none of these activities would be able to physically demonstrate the new product features.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: IPR.org.uk. (2012). PR tools and techniques. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from http://www.ipr.org.uk/pr-tools-and-techniques.html
92. D
To arouse interest. The purpose of the headline, "Lose weight fast," is to arouse interest and encourage consumers to read further. The headline does not identify the product, promote a savings, or explain features.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Shewan. D. (2018, August 28). 21 tips for writing great ad headlines. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2015/02/02/ppc-ad-headlines
93. A
Use simple, easy-to-read fonts for the body copy. Making body copy easy to read will help ensure that it is read. White space can add meaning to ads just as easily as color or other design elements. When too many fonts are used, they can create a confusing, unattractive design. Bright colors may or may not be appropriate depending on the message the ad is trying to relay.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Stribley, M. (2014, April 14). 20 design rules you should never break. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://designschool.canva.com/blog/design-rules/
94. C
Public relations activities. Public relations is a function of business designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. One of the uses of public relations is to promote products and increase awareness of the products and of the business. To do this, businesses use a variety of public relations activities to communicate with the public and provide positive information. Creative thinking is thinking in a creative way, using the creative-thinking process. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about problems relating to the marketing of goods and services. The purpose of cause-related advertising is to create awareness about social causes (e.g., poverty) rather than to promote products.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Clow, K.E., & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 356]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
95. A
Selling skills. Selling skills are specific techniques that have been tried and proven over time to be effective. The skills include the ability to determine customers' wants and needs, to open and close sales, to question customers, to handle customer objections, to use suggestion selling, to demonstrate products, and to follow up sales. Ethical standards deal with being honest with a customer to develop relationships. Product knowledge involves knowing product benefits and features. Self-confidence may improve after developing effective selling skills.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
96. A
Replacing defective products. Salespeople often need to solve problems or handle customer complaints. Salespeople who are able to solve problems to a customer's satisfaction often provide the type of service that helps maintain good relationships with customers. An example of solving a problem is replacing defective products. If a customer receives a shipment of defective products and the salesperson quickly replaces those products, the customer is satisfied. As a result, customers know they can count on the salesperson to solve future problems. Customers often continue to buy from salespeople who are willing to solve problems. Offering discounts is part of the process of negotiating price rather than solving problems. It would be inappropriate to ship expensive substitutes unless the customer agrees to accept more expensive items. Making daily appointments is not an example of solving a problem.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: LAP-SE-130—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
97. D
The fact that the client needs the product. After locating potential clients, salespeople must learn about prospects' business needs and problems in order to determine how their products can meet those needs or solve those problems. Follow-up techniques are used after sales presentations. Clearly written users' manuals should identify business policies and services. A sales presentation does not depend on the location of new clients but rather on satisfaction of customer needs.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: LAP-SE-115—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
98. A
This product works in all situations. This type of statement might violate certain selling regulations because it might be considered misrepresentation or over-exaggeration of the product's capabilities. Making such a bold statement is the same as saying that the product works all the time, in all situations, and without problems. If there are situations when this is not exactly true, the online retailer might be guilty of misrepresentation, which could lead to the retailer being sued. The best way to avoid this problem is to qualify the statement, such as, "This product works in almost any situation." Stating that the product is great is the retailer's opinion, which is not misrepresentation. Stating that the product comes with a warranty is factual. Stating that the product might save money is also an opinion, which has been qualified by using the term "might."
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: FTC. (n.d.). Advertising and marketing. Retrieved October 25, 2018, from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/advertising-and-marketing
99. C
Obtain product information. Informed salespeople need to have excellent product information in order to match customer needs and wants to the appropriate products. There are many ways in which salespeople can obtain information about products, such as advertisements, marketing plans, marketingresearch reports, information sheets, and product manuals. Other sources of information could include (but are not limited to) labels, displays, other salespeople, trade journals, or personal experience. Studying these materials will help a salesperson be better prepared to assist customers and help them make wise buying decisions. Salespeople do not use these materials to determine customer buying motives, overwhelm indecisive consumers, or trick customers into buying a substandard product.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: LAP-SE-113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. C
Reaching closure. Reaching closure is the phase of the selling process in which the salesperson addresses customer objections and asks the customer to buy. Prescribing solutions is the phase of the selling process in which the salesperson recommends the specific products that will meet the customer's needs. During the establishing-relationships phase of the selling process, salespeople make their initial contacts with customers. When salespeople are discovering needs, they are questioning and listening to customers to determine what their customers really want or need.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
Test 1205
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. A
Appropriation. Torts are civil wrongdoings that cause harm or injury to another party. Appropriation, wrongful interference, defamation, and conversion are four kinds of torts. Appropriation, which Brix Beauty Salon committed, involves a business or person who uses without permission another person's name, likeness, and other unique characteristics for the benefit or gain of the user. Brix Beauty Salon used the celebrity's name and picture to attract customers to the salon. Unfortunately, Brix had not obtained permission to use the celebrity's name or likeness. As a result, the celebrity could sue Brix for appropriation. Wrongful interference consists of predatory behavior undertaken by a business to draw either customers or employees away from a competitor. Defamation involves making false, malicious statements about a person or organization. Conversion occurs when personal property is taken from the owner and given to someone else to use.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: National Paralegal College. (2019). Appropriation of plaintiff's name or likeness. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from https://nationalparalegal.edu/public_documents/courseware_asp_files/torts2/InvasionofPriva cy/AppropriationOfPlaintiffsNameOrLikeness.asp
2. C
Bilateral contract. A bilateral contract is a mutually beneficial agreement between two parties in which both parties promise to perform certain activities. In the example, one company makes a promise to ship a certain product by a certain date, and the other company promises to pay for the products within a certain amount of time. An executed agreement is an agreement or contract that has already occurred. Exempt contract and defensible agreement are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Mann, R.A., & Roberts, B.S. (2020). Business law and the regulation of business (13th ed.) [pp.185-186]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
3. C
Producer to wholesaler to retailer to consumer. This is the most common distribution method for consumer goods. The manufacturer sells to the wholesaler, who then handles the sales, warehousing, and distribution of the goods to retailers. Producer to consumer is more likely to be used for direct contact by manufacturer to consumer, such as Avon. Producer to retailer to consumer is the channel used for merchandise that dates quickly or needs servicing, such as fashion items or automobiles. Producer to agents to wholesaler to retailer to consumer is used by producers who do not want to handle their own sales to retailers.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003 Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. D
Antitrust. A tying agreement is an illegal arrangement that occurs when a business requires a customer to buy other products in order to obtain the goods and services that the customer really wants. To protect individuals and businesses, many governments develop regulations known as antitrust laws that protect individuals and businesses from unfair practices that restrain trade and competition. Probate laws involve estate issues. Zoning laws regulate property uses. Infringement laws address intellectual property issues.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Tying the sale of two products. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/competition-guidance/guide-antitrust-laws/single-firmconduct/tying-sale-two-products
5. C
Reduces competition. Some businesses charge their vendors slotting fees to acquire retail shelf space. The purpose of a slotting fee is to cover expenses (e.g., labor, pricing) associated with carrying the product. Because slotting fees can be very expensive, small vendors with limited financial resources often cannot afford to pay slotting fees, which can limit or reduce competition. Activities that inhibit competition and support monopolies are unethical and in many situations, illegal. Slotting fees do not encourage economic growth, eliminate tax incentives, or support competing agreements.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019). Contemporary marketing (18th ed.) [Lesson 16-6]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
6. D
Positive; reducing. Competition or price wars between two dealers or retailers usually ends up having a positive impact on customers by reducing prices. Without competition, one company (a monopoly) would be able to increase prices to any level it wished. This would have a negative impact on consumers and would inflate market pricing.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019). Contemporary marketing (18th ed.) [Lesson 15-3a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. C
Applauding. When the audience applauds or claps, it is showing that it supports what the speaker is saying. Applause encourages the speaker to continue expressing his/her thoughts. Heckling or making fun of someone is an action that indicates disapproval. When people ignore the speaker, they are not actively listening to the speaker and not indicating their support. If a person tolerates another individual's opinion, s/he does not necessarily agree with an opinion, but supports the individual's right to express that opinion.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Candace Smith Etiquette. (2019). Showing your appreciation with appropriate applause. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://www.candacesmithetiquette.com/applause.html
8. C
Poor lighting and noise. Environmental distractions, such as poor lighting or noise, are aspects of the setting that take away from a listener's ability to listen. The speaker's appearance, manner, and personal matters that cause us to worry may also be distractions, but they are not part of the environment.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: ChangingMinds.org. (2019). Environmental factors. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://changingminds.org/techniques/listening/environmental_factors.htm
9. C
May not be interpreted accurately. There are several interpretations for each form of nonverbal communication. If the listener misinterprets what s/he sees, communication will be inaccurate. For example, folding your arms across your chest could mean that you have reservations about what you are hearing, you disagree with it, you are displeased, or you are defiant. Nonverbal communication is more common than many people realize, and many successful leaders practice nonverbal communication skills.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.) [Lesson 1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
10. A
Name, organization, and telephone number. Effective message taking is an important part of handling telephone calls in a businesslike manner. So that Pablo's coworker can return the telephone call, Pablo needs to ask for and write down the caller's name, the name of the organization that the caller works for, and the caller's telephone number. The message taker should obtain the caller's full (first and last) name because it is possible that the caller's organization has more than one employee with the same first or last name. The caller's zip code and address are not critical information to record when taking a telephone message.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.) [Lesson11-3b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
11. A
By value. When information is organized by value or size, either the least valuable (i.e., smallest or least expensive) or most valuable (i.e., largest or most expensive) item is listed first, followed by other items in ascending (if starting with the least valuable) or descending (if starting with the most valuable) order. The professional wedding photographer, for instance, is organizing her photo packages in order from least expensive to most expensive so that customers can quickly determine what is available to them at different price points. Some information can also be organized by geographic location, such as by state, county, or city. Information organized in inductive order begins with facts and examples and ends with conclusions. Information organized deductively, on the other hand, presents the conclusions or main ideas first, followed by facts and examples that support the conclusions or main ideas. The professional wedding photographer is not organizing her photo package information inductively, deductively, or by location.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Wilson, B.G. (n.d.). Chapter 10 lecture: Six methods for organizing data. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://www.marin.edu/buscom/index_files/Page1347.htm
12. B
A quote stating the number of children who are homeless. To capture the attention of readers, a persuasive letter must grab their attention and get them in a receptive mood. Jana's job qualifications and other types of background information, such as the number of rooms in the shelter, should not be presented until the readers understand why it is important for them to hear this message. Asking the readers to do something to help should come after the readers have been persuaded that the cause or topic of the letter is important.
SOURCE: CO:031
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 6-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
13. D
Location. People in different geographic areas often refer to certain things using different terms. For example, people in some parts of the U.S. refer to soft drinks as pop, hile indi iduals in other parts of the countr call soft drinks soda. Since the compan is choosing its ords based on the language preferences of a certain location, it is not taking ethnicity, education, or income into consideration.
SOURCE: CO:203
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2019). Foundations of marketing (8th ed.) [Lesson 16-2a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
14. A
Responding to a customer's inquiry. Employees must be able to answer customers' questions about the business's products, including those regarding a particular product's stock levels and backorder status. If the employee does not know the answer to the customer's question, s/he should ask an employee who does know. Kayla is not answering questions about the product's features, determining the customer's buying motive, or using a merchandising approach to greet the customer.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2018). How to answer customer service questions. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://www.wikihow.com/Answer-Customer-Service-Questions
15. C
Providing efficient follow-up. Customers often base their impressions of a business on the interactions they have with the business's employees. In the situation provided, Karl worked quickly to find out the status of the order and immediately called Mr. Schwarz with specific information about where the order was and when to expect delivery. This is an example of efficient follow-up. By providing efficient service, Karl is building favorable relationships with customers. There is not enough information provided to determine if Karl delegated work tasks to facilitate his follow-up activities or if he complimented Mr. Schwarz.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
16. B
Consumer services. Services are intangible activities that are performed by others for money, and consumer services are those services that are purchased and actually used by the ultimate consumer. A dry cleaner that launders and presses shirts is selling a service to the ultimate consumer, the person who owns the shirts. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics that consumers are willing to exert special efforts to obtain. Tangible items are capable of being touched, smelled, tasted, seen, or heard. Industrial supplies are goods that are constantly being purchased and used up in the operation of a business.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2019). Foundations of marketing (8th ed.) [Lesson 10-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
17. C
1 to 2. If the price of one product is $15.00 and another product is $30.00, they have a price ratio of 1 to 2 since one product has twice the value of the other product. If the price of each item were to double, they would still have the same price ratio. Whether a person bought the branded shirt or the unbranded shirt would be determined by the value of the item to the consumer. 15 to 30, 1/2, and 2 are not correct price ratios in this case.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Brechner, R., & Bergeman, G. (2020). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers (9th ed.) [Lesson 5-5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
18. C
Wholesaler. This kind of business provides goods used by businesses in their day-to-day operations. Taylor would go to a retailer if she was buying paper for herself. A service provider would not sell paper. A raw goods producer would be able to sell Taylor the materials to make her own paper, but not the paper itself.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070 Business Connections (Business and Society)
19. D
Division of labor. Separating a big job into several smaller tasks is an organizational principle known as division of labor. When employees specialize in certain tasks such as making bike chains or assembling wheels, they are able to perform their jobs more efficiently. The Valley View Corporation is not practicing insider trading in this example, an illegal practice in which undisclosed information is used to make a profit. The corporation may be implementing project management as a broader corporate strategy, but it is difficult to tell from this example. The company is not practicing outsourcing of labor; its employees work in the company's own factory.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103 Designed To Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
20. C
$575. Net profit is the amount of money that is left after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. In order to calculate gross profit, first determine the total cost of goods sold ($35 X 100 = $3,500) and the total income from sales ($55 X 100 = $5,500). Then, subtract cost of goods sold from income to determine gross profit ($5,500 - $3,500 = $2,000). Subtract operating expenses from gross profit to find net profit ($2,000 - $1,425 = $575).
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002 Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
21. A
To avoid double counting. Businesses produce a variety of goods that are used as components of other goods. To avoid including these intermediate goods in the GDP count, thereby inflating actual GDP, the intermediate goods are only included in the GDP count when they become components of their finished goods. Public goods are those items that are paid for with tax money, thus being "free" to anyone who wants to use them. They are only counted in GDP when they are finished goods. Welfare payments are not an aspect of finished goods. Inflation makes the value of a dollar worth less in the future than it is today.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: McEachern, W.A. (2018). Contemporary economics (4th ed.) [Lesson 13-1.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
22. B
Export its products to other countries. A country with a thriving economy increases global trade because it is able to produce and export products to other countries. Trade restrictions are used to limit international trade and financially protect domestic enterprises. Countries that trade globally must comply with international transportation laws. When a country's economy grows, it seeks the financial rewards it can gain by assuming the external business risks of world trade.
SOURCE: EC:116
SOURCE: Griffin, D. (2017). Free trade agreement benefits. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/trade-agreement-benefits-3832.html
23. C
Monitor and challenge your biased thoughts. Once you have acknowledged that your bias exists, you can begin to challenge the biased thoughts you have. Try to transform the images in your head so they deviate from the stereotype or biased thought. This active process of challenging your thoughts will help shed bias and retrain your mind. Trying not to dwell on existing bias is equivalent to not acknowledging it. Explaining to others that everyone has bias will not help you personally overcome your biases. Finally, interacting with others who share your bias will not help you overcome it and might in fact perpetuate it.
SOURCE: EI:017
SOURCE: LAP-EI-139 Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases and Stereotypes)
24. A
Dishonest. What Jamie is doing is wrong because it is stealing. The money in the petty cash fund belongs to the business and is meant to be used to buy small items the business may need. Taking this money is unethical, dishonest, and unacceptable, and Jamie is likely to be fired if caught. Her behavior is not reasonable, impartial, or justified.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Duff, V. (2016). Examples of unethical behavior in the workplace. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-unethical-behavior-workplace-10092.html
25. C
Discrimination. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or group based on the person's or group's characteristics. It occurs when prejudiced beliefs are put into action. Stereotypes are generalized, set assumptions about people or things. Impartiality is the state of being unaffected by personal bias or prejudice. Justice is treating everyone how they deserve to be treated according to their unique needs and characteristics.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127 Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
26. B
Tara posts several negative comments about a girl she doesn't like on Facebook. Since Tara is posting negative comments about someone, she could be viewed as a bully, which could damage her reputation. Akim sharing a funny Snapchat video with a friend or Ryan liking a friend's positive post would not likely hurt their reputations. Sage removing a photo because her mother disapproves of it is not likely to affect her reputation.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091 Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
27. C
Over-commitment can lead to a lower quality of work. It is important for workers to assess the time involved with a project before volunteering to work on it. When workers volunteer to take on too many activities (over-commitment), they often find that they don't have enough time to complete the projects thoroughly and correctly, which affects the quality of the work. Dillon may not have the authority to delegate work to other employees. Managers often notice, appreciate, and acknowledge the employees who accept additional responsibilities and produce quality work; however, these circumstances do not ensure that the employees will be promoted. When an employee takes on too many activities, starting one project before finishing another project may not improve the quality of the employee's work.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Carlson, M. (2014, November 26). Overcommitting and underutilizing resources is risky business. Retrieved August 6, 2019, from http://www.innovationmanagement.se/2014/11/26/overcommitting-and-underutilizingresources-is-risky-business/
28. C
Showing an understanding of customers' feelings. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's situation. Salespeople can demonstrate their empathy by showing customers they understand how the customers feel. Giving customers reasons to buy is feature/benefit selling. Creating a favorable impression with the customer may be a result of showing empathy. Selling items to go with what customers have already purchased is selling related items through suggestion selling.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030 Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
29. B
Aggressive. A person who ignores the rights of others is said to be aggressive. Aggressive people often take advantage of others to achieve their personal goals. When Meaghan pressures, threatens, and insults coworkers, she is being aggressive. A person who ignores the rights of others may or may not be motivated. Assertive people express themselves, communicate their points of view, and stand up for their rights, principles, and beliefs. Passive people fail to exercise their own rights or respect their own needs.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018 Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
30. B
Do not vote. Consensus building is the group's process of coming to an agreement. However, the members do not vote because voting involves being for or against a decision. The side with the greater number of votes wins. In consensus building, no one wins because all of the members come to an agreement. Each group member's opinion is of value, and each member contributes to reaching an agreement. Therefore, each member has equal power. Consensus building does not involve following the leader or accepting majority rule.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019 It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
31. C
Unmotivated people often display high absenteeism. People who lack motivation often prevent their teams from achieving their goals by exhibiting negative behaviors such as poor work ethic, superficial effort, indifference toward customers, and high absenteeism. Unmotivated people do not have excellent work ethic, they typically do not display authentic effort at work, and are often disengaged with their work.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059 Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
32. C
Changes in regulation. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining political, economic, sociocultural, and technological factors that affect the business, it can take steps to ward off the threats and take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Political factors that a business might examine include changes in regulation (laws) that govern how the business operates. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor. Shifts in consumer lifestyles are sociocultural factors. Widespread use of wireless devices is a technological factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 3-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
33. B
Know how to disagree tactfully. Positive people are pleasant to be around because they smile a lot and have an upbeat attitude. They also know how to disagree with other people without getting into an argument. Their other characteristics include being open-minded, having an objective point of view, and being dependable. The fact that they may come in contact with many people is not an essential factor.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037 Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
34. D
Have an adventurous spirit. Entrepreneurs must have an adventurous spirit because they assume a lot of risk and uncertainty, as well as experience excitement and spontaneity. Entrepreneurs do not necessarily have to be independently wealthy, though they should have enough in savings to survive at least a few years without turning a profit. Entrepreneurial business owners should not desire a regular 40-hour work week because entrepreneurs work long and irregular hours. Finally, entrepreneurial business owners need to plan ahead and account for all the resources they will need to start a new business.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 779-780). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
35. B
Store of value. Money functions as a store of value when it is saved rather than spent. The money can be held over time, and it retains value for future purchasing power. In some situations, money is invested or placed in an account that generates more value. Money also serves as a medium of exchange. This occurs when money is used to obtain goods and services. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service. Money also functions as a measure of value. When money functions as a measure of value, the individual holding the money assesses what s/he is willing to pay for a good or service, thereby communicating the product's value or worth.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
36. C
Fair Credit Reporting Act. This legislation gives consumers the right to inspect and correct, if necessary, the files of their credit history. Errors can easily occur, and it is very important that consumers know what is in these files and that they are kept up to date. The Truth-in-Lending Act requires businesses to give customers specific credit information. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits the denial of credit based on the applicant's race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age, or public assistance status. The Fair Credit Billing Act gives businesses that extend credit specific deadlines by which they must respond to customer complaints about billing errors.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. B
Saving money for unexpected situations. Financial goals are objectives measured in terms of money. Setting financial goals involves financial planning, which is the determination of how to achieve the financial goals. An important aspect of financial planning involves saving money for unexpected situations. Saving money for unexpected situations provides you with funds to pay your bills if you are unable to earn an income for some reason, such as job loss or illness. Obtaining and using several credit cards is problematic if you cannot pay the balances due in a timely manner. The level of investment risk depends on many factors including the individual's comfort level with risk, income level, and age. Financial goals should be specific rather than broad.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: LAP-QS-031 Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
38. C
$2,980.36. A year-to-date gross pay amount only reflects gross income. To calculate the new year-todate gross pay, add the gross pay amount to the previous year-to-date gross pay ($542.13 + $2,438.23 = $2,980.36).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Clearpoint. (2011, December 15). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.clearpoint.org/blog/how-to-read-your-pay-stub/
39. A
Credit union. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members, who own the credit union. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Brokers trade stocks. Full-service brokers usually charge the highest commissions because they provide in-house research and personalized investment guidance. Because discount brokers offer fewer services than full-service brokers, they have lower commissions.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Prichard, J. (2017, May 25). Credit unions—How credit unions work. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://banking.about.com/od/creditunions/a/creditunions.htm
40. B
Defined benefits. A defined benefits retirement plan guarantees the specific benefit that will be payable at the time of retirement. The employee does not have much control over the funds until they are received, but the employer is the one who bears the risk for making sure that the amount is paid. Defined contribution plans are funded primarily by the employee, with the employer matching contributions. A 401(k) is a type of defined contribution plan. Social Security is a government system that provides benefits to retired people and is funded through payroll tax.
SOURCE: FI:569
SOURCE: National Endowment or Financial Education. (2017). Defined benefit plans versus defined contribution plans. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from http://www.myretirementpaycheck.org/retirement-plans/defined-benefit-plans.aspx
41. A
The policyholder can borrow the policy's cash value. A whole-life insurance policy builds cash value as the policyholder pays premiums at regular intervals. If, at some point, the policyholder needs a loan, s/he can borrow the cash value of the policy. Universal life insurance combines death benefits with an investment and savings plan that earns interest at current market rates. Whole-life insurance rates are higher than term insurance rates because term insurance only pays death benefits if the policyholder dies during the set period of time covered by the policy.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Marquand, B. (2016, February 5). The differences between term and whole life insurance. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/insurance/what-is-thedifference-between-term-whole-life-insurance/
42. B
Get the employees off to a good start. A good orientation program answers basic questions for new employees and helps them feel welcome and comfortable in their new surroundings. This gets them off to a good start on the job. There is no government requirement that businesses must provide orientation. New employees have already been hired to do a specific job before they are given orientation. Assessing job progress cannot take place until after the employee has done the job for a while.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 262-263). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. C
Determine customer-satisfaction levels. Businesses obtain and use marketing information for many reasons. Businesses often ask customers for feedback to determine how satisfied the customers are with their goods and services. Some tools that businesses use to obtain this information are written surveys and telephone and personal interviews. After a business collects the information, it can determine what it is doing well and where it might need to make changes to improve customer-satisfaction levels. The primary purpose of conducting the survey is not to obtain demographic data, predict the feasibility of a product idea, or learn about trends in the marketplace.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials. (p. 689). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
44. A
Bookmark the data for future use. Businesses often use the search capabilities of the Internet to look for marketing information that would take a long time to find using conventional research techniques. The technology that makes the Internet possible allows businesses to quickly and inexpensively search for information throughout the world. Searching online allows businesses to locate large amounts of specific information in a matter of seconds. Once a business locates useful marketing information online, it can download the information to a disk and print hard copies. This enables businesses to refer to the data whenever necessary and keep the information for future use. The search capabilities of the Internet do not allow businesses to create targeted questionnaires, analyze the value of the data, or protect the privacy of the website.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 5-3c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
45. A
Strategy-oriented decision problem. "Which advertising campaign will be more effective?" is an example of a strategy-oriented decision problem. These problems ask "how?" or "which?" Discovery-oriented decision problems ask "what?" or "why?" A unit of analysis is the entity or element that is being studied in market research (e.g., individual, household, etc.). Relevant variables are the types of information studied in a marketing research project (e.g., brand awareness, customer satisfaction, etc.).
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: LAP-IM-282 What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
46. A
Represents a larger group. A sampling plan is the course of action for gathering marketing information from a section or portion of a target market. A business gathers data from a portion of the target market because the market is often too large to obtain data from each market member. Therefore, researchers use the sample group's responses to represent the larger group's opinions and ideas. Sampling plans use different methods to select and gather information. The marketing research issue or problem and the way the sample data are collected influence but do not eliminate the respondents' bias and error rates. Observation is a method of collecting primary data, which may or may not be more reliable than other research methods.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: LAP-IM-285 Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
47. B
Marketing. Most businesses use the information provided by salespeople to make effective marketing decisions. This type of sales information often indicates what customers like or don't like about the business and its products. For example, it might indicate why a customer no longer buys from the business, which would enable the business to make changes to its marketing strategy. The more information a business obtains from sales reports, the better able it is to make useful and effective marketing decisions. Businesses do not review salespeople's call records and lost-business reports in order to make effective financing, hiring, and warehousing decisions.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: LAP-IM-184 Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
48. C
Open-ended. Researchers assign codes to survey responses in an effort to use the information in a numerical mode. Open-ended questions are designed so that respondents react to questions in a manner that requires more than "yes" or "no" as an answer. Because possible responses are not controlled or limited, coding is often more difficult. Closed-end questions offer limited response options to inquiries or statements. Force-choice questions are closed-end questions. A scale is a method of measurement that assigns range of possible responses. For example, a scale that is often used to assess a respondent's feeling regarding a statement might range from "strongly agree" to "strongly disagree." This is a form of the force-choice response method.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Brown, T.J., Suter, T.A., & Churchill, G.A., (2018). Basic marketing research (9th ed.) [Lesson 13-4a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
49. D
Range. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. Thirty-five dozen was the smallest number of red roses sold during a week, and 50 dozen was the largest number. An average (mean) is the sum of all of the responses divided by the number of options provided. The median is the middle value of the established sample criteria; half of the data or responses are below the median (numerical) value, and half of the responses are above the median (numerical) value. Mode is the most common value in a set of responses to a question.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Brechner, R., & Bergeman, G. (2020). Contemporary mathematics for business and consumers (9th ed.) [Lesson 21-8]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
50. B
Leading. Marketing researchers should avoid the use of leading questions on their questionnaires because these tend to influence the respondents' answers and create bias, which skews results. An example of a leading question is, "Don't you agree that teachers should earn more money for all that they do?" The way that the question is worded is likely to make the respondent feel like s/he is not a proponent of education and the teaching profession if s/he answers "no." Structured questions provide options from which the respondent can choose. Unstructured questions are open-ended questions that allow respondents to provide qualitative information and in-depth responses. Structured and unstructured questions are acceptable question formats to use on questionnaires.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Brown, T.J., Suter, T.A., & Churchill, G.A., (2018). Basic marketing research (9th ed.) [Lesson 13-5c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
51. C
Discussion relevance. A focus group is a group that gathers to discuss a specific topic. Businesses often hold focus groups to obtain marketing information about their goods and services. When a business holds a focus group, it is collecting marketing information about a specific topic, which makes it primary research data for the business. Because the business is collecting the information for a specific purpose, the data are relevant to the business. Weaknesses or disadvantages for businesses that hold focus groups are that they can be expensive and can take a lot of time to prepare for. And, sometimes, the focus-group moderator projects a bias, which hurts the objectivity of the research.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Brown, T.J., Suter, T.A., & Churchill, G.A., (2018). Basic marketing research (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
52. B
Branding. Donald's company, like most businesses, has branding goals geared toward projecting a certain image to the public. Donald wants to control how his company is perceived in consumers' minds. Supporting a cause refers to a business identifying with a nonprofit organization like the Red Cross. Many companies set goals for expansion that don't have much to do with projecting a certain image. They may want to create a new product line, build a larger facility, or merge with another company. Image-cultivation is not a common strategy used in networking.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-015 Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
53. D
A change in economic conditions. A rise in the unemployment rate is a change in economic conditions. The resulting decrease in sales made it necessary for Main Street Hardware to reduce its costs. The actions of competitors, product life cycle changes, and a change in monetary policy are other factors that could create a need to change marketing strategies.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002 Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
54. D
Change. Though markets may appear to fail, advance, or lead other markets marketers to check on their markets periodically.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003 Have We Met? (Market Identification)
55. A
Reduce prices by 4%. Businesses use the information in sales forecasts to make decisions that will contribute to their success. One of these decisions involves price. If a sales forecast predicts a drop in demand for the business's product, the business may decide to reduce prices in order to generate more sales. If a sales forecast predicts a drop in demand, a business would not increase production or recruit new employees. Many businesses increase advertising when demand begins to drop in order to attract new customers.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 19-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
56. A
By cause/effect. Identifying the causes and/or the effects of the highway bypass will be helpful in persuading management to make a decision about its course of action. Cause tells management why the bypass happened, while effect presents the results of the bypass. Chronological order would provide management with information according to the sequence in which the bypass occurred. An alternating organization pattern would stress the points you want to make about a comparison you are making. Emphatic order would present your ideas in their order of importance, either the strongest point being given first or last.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Writing@CSU. (1993-2019). Cause/effect. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from https://writing.colostate.edu/guides/page.cfm?pageid=558&guideid=29
57. B
Summarize what you've learned. After you have analyzed data, you must draw conclusions about what you've learned. These conclusions should summarize everything you have learned from your data analysis. By the time you are drawing conclusions from data analysis, you should have already created a research question, looked for patterns in the data, and gathered background research.
SOURCE: NF:278
SOURCE: Taylor, C. (2019, June 27). How to write a conclusion for a research paper. Retrieved August 7, 2019, https://www.wikihow.com/Write-a-Conclusion-for-a-Research-Paper
58. C
Keeping employees' payroll records in unsecured computer databases. Businesses have an ethical obligation to store their confidential information (e.g., payroll records) in secure and confidential ways. One way to protect confidential information is to limit others' accessibility to it. Requiring qualified employees to use computer passwords to access the confidential information can reduce the risk of unethical behavior such as snooping or spying. Telling employees about telephone monitoring policies, requesting customers' permission to share their information with others, and using opt-in email to communicate with customers are ethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2012). Business management (13th ed.) [pp. 312-313]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
59. D
Presentation. Presentation software programs allow businesspeople to create computer-generated presentations that may include graphics, transparencies, slides, text, sound, video, or animation. The advantage of using presentation software is that it enables businesses to develop colorful, eye-catching presentations that display information in an interesting manner. Application, operating, and publishing software programs do not combine graphics, transparencies, slides, and text for an on-screen display of information.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 214-215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Turn raw data into useful information. Data mining involves looking at large quantities of data and extracting the information that can help a company better understand its customers, increase sales, and decrease costs. The purpose of data mining is not to locate potential customers, monitor the activity of competitors, or keep employees engaged.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2019, June 25). Data mining. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/datamining.asp
61. B
Regulations. When a law affects the records a business keeps, a regulatory factor is influencing the selection of records. Business size may also affect the selection of records, but it is not represented in this example. Leaders and the industry in which the business is involved may or may not affect the selection of records. Leaders and the industry can influence the laws that are introduced, however.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001 Record It (Business Records)
62. D
Typically more optimistic and engaged. Inspiring other people can improve the morale of a group because inspired people are usually more optimistic and engaged in their work than those who are not inspired. Inspired people are generally optimistic and confident about the future, not pessimistic and doubtful. People who are inspired are rarely disinterested in their tasks; rather, they are excited and enthusiastic.
SOURCE: EI:133
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133 A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
63. A
Logistics. Operations are the day-to-day activities for continued business functioning. Logistics refers to the function of operations that manages the flow of goods and services from production to consumption. Logistics includes all the people, information, and processes involved in storing (e.g., type of warehouse) and transporting goods (e.g., shipping method). Scheduling is the production activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in production. Maintenance needs refer to the routine maintenance and repair of business facilities and equipment. The operations function controls many activities within the business, which means that this function encounters a lot of expenses incurred by the business. Therefore, expense control is an important operations activity because it focuses on efficiency and keeping the business's costs low for its day-to-day activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189 Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
64. A
Location of the incident. An incident report form is completed by employees and/or supervisors to report specific details of workplace accidents. Incident frequency and employee history are information that can be obtained by reviewing a file of incident report forms. Medical costs would not be known at the time that the report is completed, but they are important considerations for insurance claims.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Safeopedia. (2019). Incident report. Retrieved August 7, 2019 from https://www.safeopedia.com/definition/3310/incident-report
65. A
Increased risk of theft. Businesses establish different types of security procedures to protect their assets equipment, inventory, facilities, money, information, and employees. Businesses need to communicate these security procedures to employees so the employees know what they need to do to maintain a secure work environment. If employees do not follow security procedures, the risk of security breaches occurring increases. For example, an employee who does not properly lock the cash drawer increases the risk of robbery. If employees fail to lock the warehouse doors at the end of business hours, the risk of theft increases. If a security breach occurs, the business may experience financial losses (e.g., stolen money, goods, and equipment). Employees follow safety procedures to reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace. Financial losses may decrease if businesses train their employees to identify counterfeit paper money at the point of sale.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Daciuk, E. (2017, December 21). 5 steps to reduce retail theft & shoplifting in your business. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://fitsmallbusiness.com/reduce-retail-theft/
66. A
Is impacted by the project's leadership. Whoever is in charge of the project has an impact on how it is planned. Marissa, for example, is a "big-picture" person and likes to make split-second decisions, so the way her team plans must be in line with her leadership style. This is not an example of how planning is affected by the economic environment. This is not an example of how planning increases the likelihood of project risk; in fact, planning helps manage project risk. While planning does improve communications with stakeholders, this example does not reflect that.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519 Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
67. D
Organizing your desk. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end, such as organizing your desk. Becoming a better communicator, getting healthier, and developing your design skills are not projects because they do not necessarily have a distinct beginning and end.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531 Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
68. A
Ordering costs. Ordering costs are the expenses that retailers incur to buy merchandise. The price they pay for the items, shipping charges, taxes, personnel salaries, and some operational expenses (e.g., telephone charges) might be considered when determining the ordering costs. Ordering costs are often compared to the cost of warehousing the product for a certain period of time. When warehousing costs are less than ordering costs, retailers generally reorder more products on a less frequent basis. The selling price is the price that the end user pays for an item. Fixed expenses refers to the payables that remain the same for a set period of time. Insurance and rent are examples of a business's fixed expenses. Interest is defined as the money payments for the use of borrowed money. The interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges for a loan.
SOURCE: OP:016
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 423-424]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
69. B
Order accuracy. Businesses evaluate their vendors' strengths and weaknesses to determine if changes should be made. One factor that businesses evaluate is the accuracy of a vendor's orders. If the vendor consistently sends incorrect items, the business can work with the vendor to correct the problems, or it can decide to terminate the relationship with the vendor. Other considerations might include invoice accuracy, order lead-time, and delivery time. The business does not usually evaluate the vendor's business plan, invoice numbers, or accounting methods.
SOURCE: OP:162
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th ed.) [Lesson 3-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
70. A
Fixed expense. The costs of doing business that do not fluctuate with changes in sales volume are known as fixed expenses. Payments for such items as insurance, taxes, and interest are fixed amounts that the business owner must pay on a regular basis. Variable expenses may change depending on changes in the volume of sales and include such items as employee salaries, supplies, and advertising. Interest is the amount of money businesses pay for borrowing capital. Legal expenses include costs for lawyers and fees for government licenses.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009 Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
71. B
Complete a degree at a four-year university. Long-term goals will take a year or more to reach, such as attending a university for four years. Getting educational information, finding a job, and visiting universities are short-term goals because they can be completed in a matter of weeks.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. B
Creativity. The ability to generate new ideas, display works of art, and teach children a craft reflect creativity. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Tolerance is the willingness to accept others and their differences. Self-discipline is the ability to control your thoughts and behaviors.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012 Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
73. B
Marketing management. Katharine's career is in the area of marketing management. Careers in marketing management involve all marketing functions, including channel management, marketinginformation management, pricing, product/ser ice management, promotion, and selling. Katharine's career is not in the area of banking services, professional selling, or operations management. Banking services include cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business goods and/or services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025 Go for It! (Careers in Business)
74. D
New position is created. The opportunity for promotion often occurs when employees retire or leave the company, or the business creates new positions. Many businesses prefer to promote from within, so the creation of new jobs opens the door for current employees to be considered for a promotion. As businesses grow and prosper, they often create new positions and give current employees the opportunity to apply. An entry-level job is a starting position rather than a promotion. Employees are not considered for a promotion because the occupation is high-paying or the career is being revised.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (2016, December). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://www.school-forchampions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm#.V64CVpgrKUk
75. C
Implement policies and procedures. Company policies and procedures serve many important purposes, including fostering a positive work environment, reinforcing company values, keeping people safe, and ensuring compliance with laws. These are not benefits of refusing to hire teenagers, engaging in public relations efforts, or releasing annual financial reports.
SOURCE: PD:250
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250 Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
76. D
To be successful, they need people skills. People skills are very important to salespeople. Whether the re talking to customers and prospects in person, on the phone, or online, salespeople must be able to communicate and listen. Salespeople can work in almost any industry, and selling products door-todoor is only a small part of the sales industry. Strong math skills are not the most important trait for a salesperson to possess.
SOURCE: PD:024
SOURCE: LAP-PD-024 Career Opportunities in Marketing
77. B
Consumers have fewer choices. Predatory pricing is the practice of pricing goods extremely low with the goal of driving the competition out of business. If a company forces its competitors out of business, consumers have fewer items from which to choose or fewer places to purchase goods. Predatory pricing practices might leave fewer choices for consumers, but they do not necessarily lead to higher property taxes. Small companies are often the businesses that are most affected by predatory pricing.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 19-5h]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
78. D
Price fixing. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Businesses that discuss their costs, markups, and prices with competing businesses may be involved in price fixing. In order to avoid possible price-fixing charges, businesses should not discuss any pricing issues with competitors. Variable pricing involves changing prices according to demand. Price lining is the practice of selling goods/services at a limited number of predetermined price points. Flexible pricing involves charging different customers different prices.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 19-5h]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
79. B
Identify product opportunities. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that consumers are willing to buy. Attentive salespeople recognize product opportunities when their customers provide feedback about the business's products. For example, if several customers want something that the business doesn't have, the salesperson might be able to convince the business to produce or provide the product for these customers. By offering a new product that many customers want, the business can increase its sales and profits. Salespeople do not establish trends. Listening to customers' feedback does not always encourage a salesperson to reorganize his/her personal priorities. The purchasing department usually orders inventory for the business.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: University of Minnesota Libraries. (2016, April 8). Where do product ideas come from? Retrieved August 7, 2019, from https://open.lib.umn.edu/exploringbusiness/chapter/10-2where-do-product-ideas-come-from/
80. C
Six Thinking Hats. Six Thinking Hats is a creative-thinking technique that involves categorizing and focusing on different aspects of a problem, issue, or situation. Each "hat" represents one aspect or way (i.e., facts, positives, negatives, emotions, new ideas, organization) of looking at the situation. Brainstorming involves identifying as many different ideas as possible during a set time frame. Mind mapping is a form of brainstorming that organizes ideas and information graphically using shapes, pictures, and words. Unconscious problem-solving involves relaxation and distraction from the product, situation, or issue.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127 Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
81. A
Guarantee on goods. Clothing items are tangible goods rather than services. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will refund the customer's purchase price, if the product does not perform as expected. Therefore, the clothing manufacturer is offering a guarantee on goods. A guarantee on a service would be a promise to refund the customer's money, if the person is not satisfied with an intangible item. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: LAP-PM-004 Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
82. C
Narrow; broad. The health-food store has a narrow product mix and offers a limited number of product lines. Because it has fewer product lines, it is able to specialize effectively. The grocery store has a greater number of product lines, so its product mix is considered to be broad. Consistency refers to how closely a company's product lines are related, while depth refers to the assortment of sizes, colors, flavors, and models offered in a company's product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003 Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
83. C
For one all-inclusive price. Product bundling involves combining several products and selling them for one all-inclusive price. Businesses often bundle products to encourage customers to buy products that they might not otherwise want to buy. The all-inclusive price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. The lower, all-inclusive price is an incentive to buy. Some bundled products may be sold only at certain times of the year, such as lawn care services; however, that is not a characteristic of product bundling. Product bundling does not involve selling at heavily discounted rates or selling the bundles as loss leaders to loyal customers.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, October 23). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41789.html
84. A
Trade characters. The Keebler Elves, Ronald McDonald, and Mr. Peanut are examples of trade characters brand marks that have been made to seem lifelike. Product brands are names, terms, symbols, or designs that identify products and distinguish them from competitors' products. Trade names are names that identify companies. Private brands are brands owned by intermediaries.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006 It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
85. D
Customer voice. By listening to customer experiences and opinions through research and outreach, companies can better align their business activities to the needs of their market. In this example, Alcon Technology is using customer voice to improve its branding efforts not internal feedback, employee insights, or company history.
SOURCE: PM:276
SOURCE: Minkara, O. (2015, March 30). The voice of the customer in branding: A simple formula for success. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.aberdeen.com/cmo-essentials/thevoice-of-the-customer-in-branding-a-simple-formula-for-success/
86. C
This will reinforce their promises to customers and build the brands. Articulating brand values is not enough; they must be acted upon. Customers must experience these values and brand qualities in every encounter with a business or product in order to feel loyalty and to contribute to building the brand's equity. There is no evidence that it is less expensive for a business to operate if everyone buys into the same thing. Incorporating brand values into operations may provide the nugget of an advertising idea, but this is not the reason for doing it; creating a satisfying "brand experience" for the customer is. There is no evidence that says that there will be less employee "resistance" with a standard brand philosophy; in fact, brand consistency throughout an organization's operations does provide clarity for employees in terms of what is expected of them in how they do their jobs. It can provide a rallying point for employees as well.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Woodhead, P. (2018, July 16). The importance of brand consistency. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from https://medium.com/pilcro/the-importance-of-brand-consistency-f4b5ee0a3abd
87. B
Identity. Brand identity is the culmination of what a company wants to be what it says about who it is. Strategy, culture, and communication all contribute to brand identity. Brand touchpoints are any instances in which the customers encounter the brand, such as a promotional message or a company website. Brand cues are messages that affect buying behavior in regard to a brand, such as a certain word that makes a customer think of a product. A brand promise is a commitment made by a brand to its customers about what it intends to deliver.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Lim, S. (2019, April 25). Brand identity. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brand-identity.asp
88. D
Healthy the cookies are for consumers. The fact that the cookies are "low fat" is their most important feature because it benefits the buyer's health. The package the cookies come in has no effect on the product's healthiness. The statement that the cookies taste good with milk may not satisfy the consumer's specific nutritional needs. Preparation time would not be a promotional factor but a production factor that does not interest consumers.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002 Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
89. D
Limitations. Certain products have limitations, such as producing side effects in some people or being potentially hazardous. When businesses advertise these products, they are usually required to disclose the limitations so consumers can make an informed decision about whether to buy. Businesses that violate these regulations run the risk of being sued by consumers who were harmed by the products. Advertisements usually describe the benefits of the products and often contain endorsements. Advertisements often point out important features, especially if they are hidden.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Arens, W.F., Weigold, M.F., & Arens, C. (2013). Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications (14th ed.) [pp. 87-88]. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
90. C
Delivered to the smartphones of people interested in the product. All ads, regardless of their type, are the most successful when they are targeted at interested people. However, this is especially true with textmessage advertising because it is illegal to send unsolicited commercial text messages. Advertisers must get permission to send text-messages to consumers; therefore, the consumers who receive these textmessage ads must be interested since they opted in for the messages. Text-message advertising is done with a minimum number of characters. Otherwise, the messages will be too tedious for the recipient to read. Random, unsolicited smartphone ads are not much different from spam mail; they are intrusive and a hassle for customers to deal with. To be successful, text-message ads must contain the name of the business or product being advertised.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003 Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
91. B
Sharing. Viral marketing is a promotional tactic that involves sending or forwarding promotional messages over the Internet (e.g., email, social media websites, and blogs) to generate buzz about a brand, company, or product. Marketers often use humor, incentives, events, spoofs, videos, and other unusual techniques to spark conversations and encourage people to share their messages with others. It is important for marketers to prepare (stage) and manage the message content; however, staging, managing, and manipulating are not the primary goals of viral marketing.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Berman, C. (2017). The importance of viral marketing in launching a new product. Retrieved August 7, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-viral-marketing-launchingnew-product-68291.html
92. B
Often generates an immediate sale. An advantage to businesses of using direct-response marketing, such as catalogs and product samples that include cents-off coupons, is that it often generates an immediate sale. Consumers who receive mail catalogs that are targeted to their interests frequently respond by placing an order. Customers who receive samples and cents-off coupons often use the coupons to buy the products. Businesses benefit by increasing their sales volume. Direct-response marketing materials, such as catalogs, are usually expensive to produce. Therefore, businesses usually target their audiences in order to mail the expensive materials to the customers who are most likely to buy. Being convenient for customers is an advantage to the customers rather than to businesses.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 15-5a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
93. B
Provide information. A communication channel is a path or means used to provide information to others. Public relations activities are ways of providing information to others. For example, press conferences and press releases are ways of providing information to the media in the hopes that the media will publish or broadcast the information so it is available to the general public. However, there is no guarantee that the media will publish or broadcast the information. As a result, businesses use other techniques to market products, advertise an image, and target customers.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 17-5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
94. A
Local businesses, charitable organizations, and customers. The purpose of the public relations function is to establish goodwill between the business and its various publics or audiences. External audiences include local businesses, charitable organizations, customers, government agencies, and the community at large. Internal audiences include the company's employees, executive managers, and board of directors (if the company is a corporation).
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., & Ferrell, O.C. (2020). Marketing 2020 (20th ed.) [Lesson 17-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
95. B
Resale. Products that are sold to intermediaries such as wholesalers or retailers are sold for resale. Products sold to industrial users are used in the production of other goods. Goods sold for ultimate consumption will be used by the individual(s) who bought them.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: LAP-SE-117 Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
96. C
Current customers. Salespeople often try to increase sales to current customers by providing quality service on a consistent basis. Current customers who are satisfied with the level of service often become lifetime customers and buy additional goods and services. Salespeople realize that it may be easier to sell more to current customers than to identify new customers. However, current customers probably will not buy more if they are not satisfied with the service. New prospects are potential customers ones who might buy. First-time buyers are those who are buying from a salesperson for the first time and who do not yet know what type of service they will receive. Providing quality customer service on a consistent basis might increase sales to major corporations if those corporations are also current customers rather than new prospects or first-time buyers.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: LAP-SE-130 Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
97. B
Facts. Facts are true statements. During the selling process, a salesperson must carefully communicate product information to customers, so that the customers do not confuse the facts about a product with the salesperson's opinion. For example, when a salesperson says, "This product is the best item on the market," s/he is expressing an opinion rather than stating a fact. If a customer purchases the product on the basis of this statement, and finds that the item does not work properly, the salesperson and the business might be liable for misrepresenting the product. Skills are abilities to perform tasks that are developed through knowledge, training, and practice. Incompetence is inability to do a task correctly, and indifference is an attitude.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Ingram, T.N., LaForge, R.W., Avila, R.A., Schwepker, Jr., C.H., & Williams, M.R. (2020). SELL (6th ed.) [p. 43]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
98. D
Prospecting. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use. This includes learning as much as possible about both the business and the individual(s) with whom the salesperson will be dealing. Asking in-depth questions during the selling process in order to sell the customer the product best suited to his/her needs is often referred to as probing. Closing in sales refers to the point in a sales presentation at which the customer makes a favorable buying decision. Bargaining is a negotiating process.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048 Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
99. A
Rational motives. Rational motives are reasons for buying that appeal to the sense of reason or judgment. When customers are basing their buying behavior on logic, they are using reason in an orderly way and considering the facts. Rational motives often involve making buying decisions based on saving money or saving time. When customers base their buying behavior on facts and logic, they are not being influenced by personal preferences, economic factors, or individual needs.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Reference.com. (2019). What are rational buying motives? Retrieved August 7, 2019, from https://www.reference.com/world-view/rational-buying-motives-c99baa03505ac39e
100. D
Goals. Planning is deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Managers begin the planning process by determining the goals and objectives they want the business to achieve. Then, they select the appropriate resources that will be needed to reach these goals. The planning function of management does not involve determining the business's sales, profits, or wants.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003 Manage This! (Concept of Management)
Test Sample 2014
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. B
Within the scope of his/her employment. Under the doctrine of respondeat superior, an employer may be held responsible for an employee's tort if the employee's wrongful or harmful actions are related to his/her job. For example, if an employee causes an accident while driving the company's truck to deliver an order, the company can be held liable for damages and injuries resulting from the accident. Although the employer may not know about the accident at the time that it occurred, the employer is likely to be held liable for the accident because the employee was acting on the employer's behalf. Wrongful actions related to work may occur during or after normal working hours. Although the employee's wrongful actions may be related to his/her emotional stress, the employer can still be held liable for the tort as long as the action is related to the employee's job responsibilities.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [pp. 683-686]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
2. B
They are stated orally or in writing. A contract involves making a promise to take a specific action. Express contracts involve making promises to take action that are clearly stated either verbally or in writing. Some contracts are not enforceable, such as a contract that is made with a child under the age of 18, or a contract that involves the performance of an illegal activity (e.g., theft). Unilateral agreements are contracts that involve promises made by one party. Express contracts are not always unilateral agreements.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.) [pp. 210-211]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
3. D
Timeliness. Channel management is the process of coordinating channel members to move goods and services to the end user. The way that a business manages its channel members impacts customerservice levels. An important aspect of channel management in relation to customer service is making sure that the customers receive their products in a timely manner. In many cases, customers order items for a specific purpose and need them on a certain date. Therefore, it is important for the business to monitor channel members' activities to ensure that the products are moving through the channel in the most efficient manner. Taxes are monies that individuals or businesses must pay to the government. Protectionism is a government's policy to protect domestic industries and businesses against foreign competition. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
SOURCE: CM:002
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [p. 347]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
4. D
Producer to industrial user. Typically, industrial goods require installation or special servicing that producers feel they are best qualified to provide. The producer to industrial user channel is, therefore, the most efficient one for them to use. The involvement of intermediaries such as agents or industrial distributors is not necessary. A retailer would not be part of industrial distribution.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. C
Antitrust. A tying agreement is an illegal arrangement that occurs when a business requires a customer to buy other products in order to obtain the goods and services that the customer really wants. To protect individuals and businesses, many governments develop regulations known as antitrust laws that protect individuals and businesses from unfair practices that restrain trade and competition. Probate laws involve estate issues. Zoning laws regulate property uses. Infringement laws address intellectual property issues.
SOURCE: CM:005
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 402]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin. 11
6. A
Distribution channels. Long-term commitments are made to channel members to insure reliable flow of products to consumers. It is often difficult to change distribution channels without disrupting the flow of goods. Price, promotion, or packaging have no impact on the consumer if the product is not available. Target markets are the consumers and may change if the product changes. Market strategies are designed to be adaptive to current market input.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (pp. 6-7, 414). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
7. C
Distractions. Distractions are any occurrences or noises that attract the listener's attention. They can be a major block to effective listening. Concentration is focusing one's attention. Open-mindedness means being receptive to new ideas. Empathy is being able to put yourself in another's place. These alternatives would aid listening, not hinder it.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. B
May not be interpreted accurately. There are several interpretations for each form of nonverbal communication. If the listener misinterprets what s/he sees, communication will be inaccurate. For example, folding your arms across your chest could mean that you have reservations about what you are hearing, you disagree with it, you are displeased, or you are defiant.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 456]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
9. C
Empathic. Being empathic is acting according to an intellectual identification with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. It is often helpful to imagine yourself in your friend's place, to try to understand how s/he feels. By doing so, you often gain insight and can better help your friend by providing thoughtful advice. If you are too formal, judgmental, or businesslike with a friend, you may come across as uncaring, and you may offend your friend.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Miculka, J. (2007). Speaking for success (2nd ed.) [pp. 39-40]. Mason, OH: Thomson SouthWestern.
10. C
Assertive manner. Assertiveness is the ability to express yourself; communicate your point of view; and stand up for your rights, principles, and beliefs. Business employees who participate in group discussions should present their ideas and opinions in an assertive manner so others will know exactly what they think. Being assertive is an effective way to express your point of view in group discussions. Employees should not be argumentative when participating in group discussions because the goal usually is to reach some type of agreement. Employees usually do not present their ideas and opinions in a written format or a nonverbal style when participating in group discussions.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put in Your Two Cents
11. D
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memorandum, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the message was written. The company's name and the employee's title do not always appear in the heading.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [p. 571]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
12. B
Proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors. Although many people view e-mail as an informal method of communication, it is a vital communication tool in today's business world. Therefore, it is important to maintain a professional tone when developing business-related e-mails. The text in a professional e-mail should contain proper grammar and correct spelling. To ensure that the message does not contain spelling and grammatical errors, the businessperson should proofread the message and make necessary corrections before sending the message to the intended receiver. Only the most critical e-mail messages should be sent as high priority messages. Capitalizing all of the letters in the text often implies an angry tone, so this practice should be avoided. Although the subject line should be brief, it should contain enough information for the message recipient to determine the message content. If the subject line is too vague, the recipient may delete the message before reading it.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 184-185]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
13. B
Memorandum. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged by people within a business. Memorandums often are distributed to employees within a business to update them on the progress of various projects, or inform them of changes in policies and procedures. They are informal and simple because they are intended only for the use of the business's employees. A proposal usually is a complex written report that is formal and may be distributed to those outside the business. Handbooks and newsletters are internal company publications but they are not memorandums.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 451]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
14. C
Think about what they want to say before they say it. Employees should be able to express themselves to their coworkers. However, they should always think about what they want to say before saying it so that they do not cause problems or misunderstandings. Legitimate complaints or problems about the job should be discussed with the supervisor, not coworkers. Rumors and gossip should not be passed on to coworkers as they may not be true and could cause harm. A nondirective approach is best in communicating with angry coworkers as it helps to defuse their anger.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 413-414]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. A
Decrease in sales. Maintaining good customer/client relations is important to a business because customers who receive poor treatment may never return to the business. When customers fail to return, businesses often experience a decrease in sales. Also, customers who are poorly treated may tell their friends and others about the treatment, and these people may decide not to buy from the business, thereby adding to the decrease in sales. Failing to maintain positive customer/client relations probably would not result in a loss of advertisers, a reduction in assets, or a lowering of goals.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: CR LAP 1—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
16. A
Image of the business. Customers form an image of a business as they communicate with employees. When employees cannot answer questions, customers receive a negative impression. The customer's purchasing ability is determined by the amount of his/her disposable income or budget. The customer's sourcing strategies are generally determined independent of a specific employee interaction. Price fixing is an illegal activity in which a business charges different prices for similar amounts and types of products.
SOURCE: CR:006
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 546-547]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
17. C
Price. Price is no longer a primary consideration in customers' buying decisions for many products. This is because prices have stabilized to the point where they are relatively the same among competitors. Return policies, quality, and customer service can vary widely; therefore, customers take these factors into account when making buying decisions.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: CR LAP 2—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
18. C
Who makes the purchase. The difference between a consumer good or service and an industrial good or service is simply a matter of who buys the item and for what purpose. If a producer buys an item for use in office work, it is an industrial good. If an individual buys an item for personal use, it is a consumer good. How the purchase is made, the price of the purchase, and when the purchase is made are not deciding factors in determining whether an item is a consumer or industrial good.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
19. B
Customer needs are affected by these factors as well. Businesses are affected by social factors in the external environment because customer needs are affected by these factors as well. And, meeting customer needs is the prime goal of every organization. Not all businesses create consumer products. Businesses need not participate in social networking for survival, though it may help with promotion. Customers' needs are always changing, but they still value quality.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: EC LAP 26—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting Business Environment)
20. D
Patents. Patents are legal protection granted by government to the owners of inventions or processes for a certain number of years. Patents prevent others from appropriating the business's property. Economic incentives are monetary motivations for complying with government regulation. Revenues are income. Consumer-protection laws are government regulations intended to protect consumers.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
21. A
Offering performance-based financial rewards. Methods for motivating employees include offering financial rewards, treating employees with respect, and praising them for excellence. Encouraging employees to specialize is not a form of motivation. Investing in new technology is capital investment. Sharing customer information with employees is a form of communication.
SOURCE: EC:013
SOURCE: EC LAP 18—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
22. B
Increasing returns. When there are too few workers, they may not be able to handle resources well. So, companies choose to add workers which makes everyone more efficient and productive. This is called increasing returns. The company may continue to add workers, believing that output will continue to rise, which is not the case. At some point, too many workers will again become inefficient, and although output may still rise, it will be at a diminishing rate. This is known as diminishing returns. Marginal returns, return on revenue, and return on input are all fictitious terms.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Arnold, R.A. (2004). Economics (6th ed.) [pp. 498-501]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
23. A
No, these are transfer payments. Transfer payments are not counted in GDP because they are payments of tax dollars for which the recipients do not produce goods or services. No increase in the total output of the economy is achieved. Transfer payments are part of government spending, but they are not government purchases. The purchases made by the recipients of transfer payments for their own use would be counted under personal consumption expenditures.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: EC LAP 1—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
24. D
Discouraged workers are not included. Discouraged workers are those people who want to work but have given up looking for jobs. Most of these people have been out of work for a long time and no longer show up in the records that track people who are looking for work or receiving unemployment benefits. As a result, the unemployment rate usually is higher than indicated because of the people who are not included. The unemployment rate is seasonally adjusted. Underemployed people are not included in the unemployment rate because they are working. The overall unemployment rate does not reflect regional differences; however, there are rates available for specific geographic areas.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2009, October 16). How the government measures unemployment. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm
25. A
Its currency loses value. Most countries have their own currency. A currency value can change in relation to other countries' currency values. Many factors can affect a currency's value. When a country experiences political instability, its currency value decreases because the country's future is uncertain. High unemployment rates and insufficient trade are factors that can lead to or result from political unrest.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2005). Economics: Today and tomorrow (pp. 481-484). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
26. B
Integrity. Ethics are principles that guide behavior and give an individual a sense of right and wrong. A person with integrity follows these principles. Apathy is indifference or lack of concern. Intelligence is determined by brain power, not ethics. Bravery is courage.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 84]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
27. C
Lets you know what is expected of you. No one likes to get negative feedback, but it is valuable because it lets you know what you are doing wrong and what is expected of you. While negative feedback may not make you feel good about yourself at the moment, you must keep in mind that a certain amount of criticism on the job is absolutely necessary. There is no way people can avoid making mistakes from time to time.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth) 15
28. B
Highway speed limits. Governmental changes refer to new or revised laws, regulations, policies, public services, and leadership. Changes in highway speed limits are governmental changes. Changes in the use of automation are technological changes. Changes in the price of goods are economic changes. Changes in a person's occupation are personal changes.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: QS LAP 15—Stuff Happens! (Adaptability)
29. D
Personal credibility. Credibility is believability. When you are credible, others believe what you say. If people get in the habit of believing you, they are more likely to be persuaded to agree with you or follow your lead. Nonverbal, or body, language includes gestures, facial expressions, and any other way of communicating without the use of words. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services. Listening skills involve the ability to accurately assess and interpret statements made by others. Although cultural sensitivity, creativity, and listening skills may help you to persuade others, they will not necessarily make others believe what you say.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: QS LAP 10—Win Them Over
30. C
To maintain productivity. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Excessive stress can have a negative effect on employees, such as reducing productivity. When employees feel stress, they may not work efficiently. Also, stress may cause employees to miss work because of stress-related illnesses. To maintain productivity, many businesses develop activities and programs that help employees reduce stress. For example, some businesses provide recreational activities such as exercise programs during the work day. Some businesses provide quiet areas for employees to relax or listen to music. The intention is to reduce stress so employees will remain healthy and productive. Businesses do not develop programs and activities to help reduce employee stress to encourage creativity, eliminate conflict, or exhibit empathy.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 235). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. C
To remain anonymous. When reaching a consensus by a formal method, group members might prefer to use questionnaires to remain anonymous. Keeping everyone's answers straight and making sure that everyone participates are actions that ought to occur whether the process is formal or informal. Prioritzing responses is not the purpose of the consensus (building process), whether formal or informal.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
32. D
They require hard work and determination. Visions require hard work and determination if you want to make them into reality. You will most likely encounter many setbacks along the way, and your vision will keep you on track. Visions are not exactly the same as dreams. You might dream of becoming a billionaire by the end of the year, but that isn't a vision because visions are realistically attainable. Many visions can and have permanently changed the world. Visions are not intended for the short-term future; rather, most visions will be turned into reality over a long period of time.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This
33. C
Giving feedback. One of a coach's most important tasks is giving feedback. Coachees need to know what they did right, what they did wrong, and how they can improve. By giving feedback or evaluative information, coaches are able to help coachees improve their performance. Caring for others, accepting change, and being honest are characteristics of effective coaches rather than a coach's most important tasks.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: QS LAP 7—Bring Out the Best
34. D
Developing a support base. Individuals build political relationships in business to help further their career goals, as well the organization's goals. Individuals who respect and work well with others are more likely to have positive relationships with managers and other influential members of the organization. When individuals take action to build these relationships, they are developing a support base. Taking credit for others' work is a negative political tactic. Encouraging workplace competitiveness can create a negative, distrustful environment. Cynical coworkers tend to be negative and distrusting. Fostering relationships with these individuals may hurt a person's political influence.
SOURCE: EI:034
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2007). Fundamentals of organizational behavior (4th ed.) [pp. 270-274]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
35. D
Paper money. Currency is the paper or metal (coin) money that individuals and businesses use to buy and sell goods and services. Paper money and coins are issued by a country's government. Corporate bonds are bonds issued by corporations to fund operating expenses. Governments do not issue brokerage bills, and certified notes are not forms of currency.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Giese, B. (2013, July 15). World paper money: How many countries currently issue paper money? Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://stason.org/TULARC/recreation/papermoney/4-6-World-Paper-Money-How-many-countries-currently-issue-p.html
36. A
Getting started now. The single most important aspect of making a financial plan and setting goals is getting started now. Learning to make hard choices, making enough money, and choosing a career path are important aspects of goal setting, but they are not as important as simply getting started.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. D
$1,170. Isaac's net income is his actual take-home pay, which is equal to his gross income (his total earnings before deductions) less his withholdings (his total deductions). To calculate his net income, subtract his total deductions from his total earnings before deductions ($1,425 - $255 = $1,170).
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: ClearPoint Credit Counseling Services. (2011). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.clearpointcreditcounselingsolutions.org/credit_counseling_paystubs.aspx
38. A
Identity theft. Monitoring financial accounts and reading bank statements helps you identify unusual transactions, purchases, or money withdrawals. If inconsistencies are detected, you can notify your financial-services providers to hold or close your accounts to prevent further use by identity thieves. Intellectual property infringement involves using copyrighted, trademarked, or patented property without the owner's permission. Hijacking is using force to seize a vehicle (e.g., aircraft, car) in transit. Securities fraud involves using deception to convince investors to purchase securities.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Bell, C. (2013, August 1). 7 ways to protect yourself from identity theft: Monitor credit and bank accounts closely. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.bankrate.com/finance/personal-finance/7-ways-protect-yourself-idtheft.aspx#slide=8
39. C
Transferring it. The promoter is transferring the risk to the attendee, though this does not relieve the facility or manager of the event from providing a safe environment. Not offering the event would be avoidance. Elimination of risk is virtually impossible. Retention means the promoter would keep, or retain, the risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
40. D
Business failure. Businesses that do not keep a close eye on the movement of funds into and out of their organizations are likely to fail. An insufficient cash flow is the cause of many business failures. An insufficient cash flow does not cause businesses to raise prices. A business may be making a profit even though it has insufficient cash flow. A business that is fiscally stable would have sufficient cash flow.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
41. A
Make the right decisions. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. As a result, employees involved in finance often have many decisions to make that affect the company and its customers. Making the right decisions is often difficult because employees try to do what is best for the company and for customers. Being ethical and having ethical standards to follow often helps employees make the right decisions. The role of ethics in finance is not to encourage employees to increase company profits, sell to customers, or prepare operating budgets.
SOURCE: FI:355
SOURCE: Megginson, W.L. & Smart, S.B. (2006). Introduction to corporate finance (pp. 31-32). Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
42. C
Increased costs. Merchandising budgets determine inventory levels by regulating and planning for the amount of products expected to be sold to customers. When there is more merchandise available than customers want, the business's costs increase for storing, protecting, and insuring the excess merchandise. Accurate merchandising budgets help prevent this situation. Purchasing more goods than customers want to buy will not help a business to increase its sales, expand its market, or generate surplus profit.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
43. B
Storage and disposal of chemicals. Storage and disposal of chemicals is a workplace-related safety and health issue that is most likely regulated by law. Sometimes, companies go above and beyond their legal obligations to provide safe and healthy work environments and offer optional programs such as weightmanagement programs, smoking cessation support groups, and health education information sessions.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. B
Web-based information services. External marketing data is information from outside the business. The Internet is a technological tool that allows a business to retrieve external marketing information quickly. Web-based information services, such as online libraries, provide a wide range of information for marketers. Sales reports, accounts receivable summaries, and inventory records are examples of internal sources of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 174-181]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
45. C
They vary by jurisdiction. Businesses have the ability to easily collect information from people who visit their websites and from customers who purchase their goods and services. While collecting this type of information helps a business to determine which products sell and what customers want, the business must be careful not to break consumer-privacy laws, which vary by jurisdiction. Jurisdiction is the authority a court has to resolve a legal issue. Jurisdiction is affected by many factors including geographic location (e.g., state, province, country), customer (e.g., children), and industry (e.g., financial, healthcare). Consumer-privacy laws are not enforceable at an international level.
SOURCE: IM:419
SOURCE: ConsumerPrivacyGuide.org. (n.d.). Your privacy protection under the law. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.consumerprivacyguide.org/law/
46. B
Test marketing. Test marketing is the process of introducing a new product to a limited market to determine what its acceptance will be. During the test-marketing process, the business monitors the product's sales to analyze demand and surveys customers to obtain their opinions about the product. If the product is not accepted by the test market, the business may make changes to the product and retest it later, or it may discontinue the product. If the product launch is unsuccessful, the business reduces the risk of financial loss because the testing is done in a limited market rather than nationwide. Observation involves gathering data by watching consumers. Surveys involve asking consumers questions to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. A consumer panel is a group of consumers formed for the purpose of discussing a specific topic, usually a good or service.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
47. B
It is quick. One of the advantages of secondary research is that it is quick to conduct. The data already exist—marketers just need to access them. However, secondary data can be out of date, and they are not specific to the needs of the particular research study. Also, conducting secondary research gives marketers less control over the study.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: IM LAP 15—What's the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)
48. C
Exploratory. Exploratory research involves collecting information to help the business define its issue, situation, or concern, and decide how to proceed with its research. Causal or conclusive research focuses on cause and effect and tests “what if” theories. Interviews are conversations in which a researcher surveys an individual to obtain research data. An experiment is a research method that tests “cause and effect” by test marketing new products or comparing test groups with control groups.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 50-54]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. D
Simple. A simple sampling strategy is used when the researchers believe that the population is relatively homogeneous for the characteristic of interest. In this case, the researchers would feel that people sharing the same major, business, would have similar interests. Proportionate sampling is used when subgroups vary dramatically in size in our population. Researchers can select more participants from larger groups to ensure that they are adequately represented. Stratified random sampling is used when subgroups in the population differ a great deal in their responses or behavior. To overcome this issue, researchers treat the population as though it were multiple, separate populations and then randomly sample within each subgroup. Marketers would choose cluster sampling when it would be impossible or impractical to identify every person in the sample. As an example, imagine that a large international business wants to survey its employees but does not have a staff directory from which names could be sampled. It would be easier to sample by department. The researchers could randomly sample a percentage of employees within each randomly selected department rather than trying to sample that percentage of employees companywide.
SOURCE: IM:285
SOURCE: IM LAP 16—Take Your Pick (Sampling)
50. A
Diaries record repetitive behaviors that occur at frequent intervals. When marketing researchers conduct an ongoing study about certain behaviors, they often require the study's participants to keep a diary of their various activities and habits. Diaries, which participants often keep for an extended period of time, record information about commonly performed, repetitive activities such as eating, shopping, television viewing, radio listening, etc. By recording this type of information over time, researchers can obtain detailed information about customer buying habits, brand preferences, spending behavior, televisionviewing habits, etc. Because some of the information that the researchers collect from diaries is qualitative in nature, it is often a complex process to convert the data into statistical information for tabulation.
SOURCE: IM:287
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 180-181]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. C
Focus groups. Primary market research is information that marketers collect for a specific purpose. A focus group is an example of a method for obtaining primary data. A focus group is a group that is formed for the purpose of discussing a specific topic. Businesses use focus groups to obtain direct feedback about their products and image. A search engine is a computer software program that explores the Web looking for information for specific search terms and displays a list of results. Search engines, government publications, and industry periodicals are sources of secondary research.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 602, 612-614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
52. B
What, if anything, did you like best about the last computer you purchased? This question gives participants the option of indicating that they didn't like anything about their last computer rather than forcing them to identify something positive about the computer even if they didn't feel positive about it. Asking where participants bought their last computer equipment and software should be turned into two separate questions since the participants might have purchased the computer equipment and software at two different locations. By doing that, the researcher is addressing one issue at a time rather than asking a question with a multiple focus. Asking participants what they liked best about their last computer purchase is vague and needs to be rewritten. Does the researcher want to know about the purchasing process or the computer, itself? Asking about purchasing a computer at a store surrounded by other stores and lots of traffic is not neutrally stated since most customers do not care for lots of traffic. This question, too, needs to be reworded so that it doesn't bias participant responses.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: eHow.com. (n.d.). How to create a market survey. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.ehow.com/how_8597_create-market-survey.html
53. D
Assigning a numeric value. Coding is the process of assigning a numeric value to the various responses on a marketing questionnaire or survey. Some questionnaires contain built-in codes such as when the respondent is asked to rate agreement with a question on a scale of one to five. The numbers from one to five are the numeric codes. For other types of questionnaires, researchers often establish a master code. For example, there are six possible responses to a certain question and the third answer has a numeric value of three, but that number is not printed on the questionnaire. Once the responses are coded and individuals complete the questionnaire, researchers are able to tabulate the responses, rate the agreement to each answer, and compute a total score.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 498]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. D
Supporting a cause. When a company works with a non-profit organization such as the Red Cross, it is supporting a cause. It is not developing new products/services, expanding, or improving customer satisfaction, although customers may be pleased to see the company supporting the cause.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: MK LAP 2—Act Now (Employee Actions)
55. B
Employees. Tactics are specific actions that will be used to carry out strategies. In business, the employees are responsible for carrying out the tactics to achieve the marketing strategies. The executives are responsible for developing the strategies that the employees will follow. The customers are the ones for whom the marketing strategies and tactics are planned. Stockholders of a company are not involved in developing strategies.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Marketing Strategies)
56. D
Mix. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. One section of an effective marketing plan explains the marketing mix, which is the combination of the four elements of marketing—product, place, promotion, and price. A business needs to plan how it will use these elements to reach the target customer and effectively market its goods and services. The marketing concept is a philosophy of conducting business that is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Policies are general rules to be followed by company personnel. Risk is the possibility of loss or failure.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 29]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
57. C
Accomplish a task. Businesses need information to manage and operate the business. The reason they obtain information is to use it to accomplish a task, such as locating new customers, organizing inventory, or developing a new marketing strategy. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the business applies it to accomplish a task. Businesses do not obtain information simply to develop a database. They determine a need before obtaining information. They evaluate the source of the information to determine its usefulness before applying it to accomplish a task. Not all of the business's information is used to recruit employees.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., Thill, J.V., & Mescon, M.H. (2007). Excellence in business (3rd ed.) [pp. 132-135]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
58. C
Use computer passwords to limit access to certain data. Businesses have the responsibility to protect their customers' confidential information. One way to protect confidential information is to limit the access to employees who need or use the information. Requiring qualified employees to use computer passwords to access the confidential information can reduce the risk of unethical behavior—such as snooping or spying. Anti-virus software, client-tracking capabilities, and a resignation request would not prevent the employee from obtaining the information. The business would likely reprimand or fire the employee for his/her unethical behavior after the incident occurred.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Pruitt, S. (n.d.). How to secure customer data from your employees. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applicationsonline/7310538-1.html
59. A
Manage their time. Many employees use electronic calendars to keep track of their activities and prepare schedules. The benefit of using these devices is that it allows employees to manage their time because they can keep a schedule of their activities. They know what they have to do at a certain time on a certain date, such as attend a meeting. They can also list deadlines for projects. This enables them to plan the use of free time in order to accomplish their assigned responsibilities. Employees do not use an electronic calendar to communicate with coworkers or delegate tasks. Employees use electronic calendars to keep track of deadlines; however, managers usually determine the deadline based on the priority of the project.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 359-361). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Groupware. Groupware is specialized software that allows users to work on documents together, share files, and communicate quickly and easily. While some groupware requires users to collaborate through an intranet, much of today's groupware is Internet-based, allowing group members in multiple locations to work together online. Many Web 2.0 tools such as Google Apps are groupware applications. Shareware is essentially sample software. It gives consumers an opportunity to try software free-of-charge before purchasing it. Because it is merely a sample, the shareware is likely to be limited in functionality or time. Spyware is malicious software installed on computers to gather users' personal information. Freeware is software available at no cost to consumers.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: Pinola, M. (n.d.). What is groupware? Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://mobileoffice.about.com/od/glossary/g/what-is-groupware.htm
61. A
Outsourcing the task. Hiring a data processing center to handle record keeping is outsourcing the task of keeping records—one approach to record keeping. Other approaches include keeping the records personally, hiring an employee to do the job, or establishing a department to handle keeping specific records.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
62. A
Unemployment rate. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. The fluctuation of unemployment rates is an economic factor because unemployment has an effect on consumers' ability to buy goods and services. If consumers are unemployed, they do not have income to spend. As a result, businesses do not sell as much because consumers are not buying. When this situation occurs, businesses often reduce expenses in an attempt to stay in business until the rate of employment starts to rise again. Increased regulation is a political factor. Population shift is a demographic factor. Lifestyle adjustment is a cultural factor.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: NF LAP 2—Get the 411 (Environmental Scans)
63. D
Aid decision making. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. Businesses often base business decisions on statistical information. For example, a business may obtain statistical information that indicates a product is not selling well. Based on the statistical information, the business may decide to phase out or stop making the product. Or, if statistical information indicates that the demand for the product exceeds the available supply of the product, the business may decide to increase production. Businesses use promotional activities to influence people to buy their products. Although analyzing statistical information might spark an employee's creativity (e.g., for problem-solving purposes), it is not a primary reason for interpreting it.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Winthorp, A. (2007, September 24). Using statistics to measure business performance. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Using-Statistics-To-Improve-AndMeasure-Business-Performance&id=744164
64. B
Computerizing the purchasing function. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. One aspect of operations is the purchasing function which involves obtaining the products for use in the business or for resale. Purchasing is important because employees need materials and supplies to do their jobs. By computerizing the purchasing function, businesses are able to place orders electronically, continually track the level of inventory so orders can be placed automatically, and pay invoices by transferring funds electronically. This technology speeds up the purchasing process and helps to make sure that needed materials and supplies are always available. Technology does not automate the work force or organize a conveyor system. Robotics is a type of technology.
SOURCE: OP:191
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [pp. 289-290]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
65. A
Strain. While lifting the heavy boxes, Henry strained his back, which caused pain in his abdomen. A strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or tearing of the ligaments. Back and abdominal strains usually occur during the motions of lifting up and setting down heavy loads. Sprains are injuries caused by stretching or tearing ligaments at a joint in the body. Common types of sprains occur in ankles, fingers, wrists, and knees. Closed wounds are injuries in which the skin is not broken, but the tissue underneath is damaged. Open wounds are injuries involving a break in the skin. Open wounds include such injuries as scrapes, cuts, and punctures.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 565-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
66. B
To plan for the unexpected. When identifying resources, it is important to be realistic. This often means planning for the unexpected because it's not a good idea to assume that everything will go correctly. Therefore, it is important to build in a safety net, or padding, in case something happens. For example, allow a little more time in the event that project members need to deal with other activities. It is not a good idea to try to cut corners and get by with less than you really need. Building in a safety net does not involve finding substitutes or obtaining financial support.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
67. B
Prepare a satisfaction survey. When a business completes a project for a customer, it is important to involve the customer in the evaluation process to determine if the customer is satisfied with the results. One technique to use is to prepare a satisfaction survey, and have the customer complete the survey and include additional comments. For example, the survey might ask about the quality of work or the length of time involved in completing the project. Customers can rate the project based on their expectations in comparison to actual results. Customers often analyze a project proposal before hiring a business to complete a project. A business organizes the management team and determines the contract criteria before beginning a project.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Docstoc. (2013). Customer satisfaction survey template. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://premium.docstoc.com/docs/44026665/Customer-Satisfaction-Survey-Template
68. A
Retail buyer. A retail buyer analyzes sales data, trends, and supplies when selecting products for the store to sell. Producers make the goods—they do not buy ready-made goods to resell to the end users. Industry researchers often conduct a variety of studies within a specific industry, which may ultimately aid the buyer in decision making. A receiving manager is responsible for supervising the acceptance, handling, and disbursement of orders.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
69. D
Criteria. Criteria are the standards that businesses often establish in order to select vendors. Businesses want to make sure that vendors will be able to provide the quality of product that is needed as well as deliver it on time and for a reasonable price. For example, one criterion might be that a vendor is able to provide repair service, if needed. Then, those vendors that do not have that capability will not be considered. A purchase order is the form that a business fills out to order goods. Once a vendor accepts a purchase order, it becomes a contract. Vendors usually prepare price sheets.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Monczka, R.M., Handfield, R.B., Giunipero, L.C., & Patterson, J.L. (2009). Purchasing and supply chain management (4th ed.) [pp. 98-99]. South-Western Cengage Learning.
70. A
Sidewalks. Properly maintaining sidewalks is important to businesses because customers use them regularly. Most businesses try to keep their sidewalks in good repair in order to prevent uneven surfaces that may cause customers to trip or fall. Businesses also sweep debris from their sidewalks and remove snow and ice in the winter if necessary. Properly maintaining sidewalks helps to prevent injury to customers and employees and presents an orderly image of the business. Fixtures, furniture, and shelving are types of accessories and equipment rather than areas in a business that must be maintained.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: Nolo (2013). Slip and fall accidents: Proving fault. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/slip-fall-accidents-proving-fault-29845.html
71. C
Efficiency. Creative thinking often results in suggestions for operational changes that serve to increase efficiency and reduce business expenses. Suggestions that tend to bring conflict, increased costs, and increased losses will probably be unwelcome.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAN Infotech. (2012, March 16). The benefits of encouraging creativity in the workplace. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://blog.laninfotech.com/2012/the-benefits-ofencouraging-creativity-in-the-workplace/
72. C
Job requirements. Individuals currently employed in specific occupations are often good sources of information about those jobs and their requirements. These employees perform the required tasks on a daily basis and can explain the jobs to others. They can provide details about what the jobs actually entail and describe an average workday. Employees in specific fields might not have information about referral programs, placement services, or industry statistics.
SOURCE: PD:022
SOURCE: Wanat, J.A., Pfeiffer, E.W., & Van Gulik, R. (2012). Discovering careers (7th ed.) [p. 90]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
73. C
Salary requirements. Some employment applications ask you to indicate your salary expectations or requirements. This type of information is better to discuss in person because the wage you are willing to accept may depend on other factors such as paid benefits, vacation time, tuition reimbursement, etc. It is acceptable to write "open" or "negotiable" in this section which will give you the opportunity to find out more about the position in an interview before making salary decisions. Information that you should routinely provide in an employment application includes your job expectations, personal references, and any special qualifications you may have.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
74. B
Briefly describe her previous job responsibilities. A résumé should briefly present all relevant information that would help an employer select an applicant to interview. In the work-experience portion of the résumé, the applicant should identify all jobs in reverse chronological order, starting with the current or most recent job. The applicant should provide the name and address of the employer, the time period of employment, and the nature of the job responsibilities. Work interests and career goals, technical training, and the applicant's address and telephone information are found in other sections of the résumé.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 122-124). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. C
Traits such as initiative and commitment. A trait is a personal characteristic expressed by a regular pattern of behavior that becomes a part of you over time. An internship is an arrangement in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job training or practice for learners. Employers often feel that applicants who have participated in internship programs exhibit initiative (motivation) and commitment to carry out objectives and gain experience to help further their careers. Therefore, traits, such as initiative and commitment, are valuable to employers because they generally want to hire personnel who are committed and motivated in job-related tasks. Internships do not always provide interns with experience in financial matters. A well-rounded education and sales contacts are not personal traits.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 876). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Trade journal. Trade journals are a type of business magazine aimed at businesspeople interested in particular industries. Trade journals contain information about new trends, technology, and upcoming events related to specific industries. Employees read trade journals in order to keep current on developments in their industries. News magazines and daily newspapers contain information of interest to the general public. An annual report contains information about the financial condition and activities of a certain business.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 194]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
77. C
Competition. Price fixing occurs when competing businesses agree on the prices of their goods or services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Price fixing does not restrict loss leaders, tariffs, or unit pricing. A loss leader is a product that is sold below cost to draw customers into a store. A tariff is a tax on imported goods. Unit pricing is a pricing technique in which consumers are given the price per unit for products.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 595). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. A
Economic conditions. High employment and an optimistic outlook are characteristic of good economic conditions. When economic conditions are good, selling prices will tend to increase. Competition, government regulation, and supply and demand are other external factors that affect selling prices.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 350-351]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
79. A
New-product development. Costs and available resources are especially important factors for product/service managers to examine during the new-product development phase of product/service management. A company may have a great idea for a new product, but it may not be cost-effective if it is too expensive to develop and produce, or if the needed materials are too scarce to obtain affordably. It is too late by the time the product is already on the market (in the monitoring or elimination phases). Idea generation is just one stage in the new-product development process.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. C
Tracking visitors to their websites. As a result of computer technology, many businesses have developed websites that are accessible to customers. The technology that allows businesses to have websites also makes it possible for those businesses to track the visitors to their websites and obtain information about them such as name, address, type of purchase, amount of sale, etc. Businesses often use this information to improve their product/service mix. For example, if a business determines that customers are not buying a certain product, they might improve the product or replace it. Businesses do not use computer technology to mail questionnaires to customers. Businesses often compile the information they obtain through their websites in databases. However, the information is not useful until the businesses analyze it. Simply preparing interactive software programs will not help businesses to obtain information.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2008). Internet marketing: Integrating online and offline strategies (2nd ed.) [pp. 12-13]. Mason, OH: Cengage Learning.
81. D
Natural resources that are needed to produce them. Because of continual advances in technology, some products become obsolete very quickly. Some businesses plan for these products to become obsolete quickly so they can sell new, updated versions. This is often considered an ethical issue because the use of natural resources may be involved in producing goods that have a short life span. Many people believe that it is unethical to waste valuable natural resources to produce products that will be used for only a short time. The cost of designing and developing products, the value of training employees to sell those products, and the way that customers decide to use the products are not reasons why the planned obsolescence of certain products often is considered an ethical issue.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Etzel, M. J., Walker, B. J., & Stanton, W. J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [p. 249]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
82. B
Creative thinking. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that consumers are willing to buy. Some product opportunities are identified by using creative thinking techniques, one of which involves making a connection between two unrelated items, ideas, or approaches. Decision making and testing take place after the product opportunity has been identified through creative-thinking techniques. Businesspeople often use creative-thinking techniques to solve problems.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Meyer, E.C., & Allen, K.R. (2006). Entrepreneurship and small business management (p. 51). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
83. C
Group members most often generate new ideas by altering or building upon another idea. When more than one person is involved in the creative-thinking process, different types of ideas are often generated because each member has a unique point of view. Often, one member contributes an idea. When this occurs, another member might come up with another idea based on the original idea. The success of group creative-thinking processes depends on many factors, including each member's contribution and the situation requiring idea generation. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that one technique is more effective or generates more ideas than another technique.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Techniques for Generating Ideas)
84. A
Reduced number of products available. Time standards monitor the amount of time needed to complete an activity. Not completing activities on time often results in fewer products being produced or being available for sale. This can increase costs to the point that businesses have a financial loss. The effects on product quality and promotion cannot be determined.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8—Raising the Bar (Grades and Standards)
85. C
Redesign of packaging. When problems with products occur, businesses may be required by federal agencies to redesign the product, its packaging, label, or instructions in order to comply with government rules. The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act requires product labels which identify the product, provide the name and address of the producer or distributor, and describe the contents of the package. Rather than asking consumers for money when a product fails to meet government standards, a business is much more likely to refund the consumers' monies or provide free repairs. A business would not care to pay advertising expenses to make people aware of its product's problems. Problems with products appear in news articles. In addition, the Consumer Product Safety Commission distributes information to the public about hazardous products. It also publishes the names of manufacturers and brands of injurious products as a warning to consumers not to purchase these products.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: PP LAP 7—Consumer Protection in Product Planning
86. A
Points of difference. Positioning refers to the ways in which a business creates a certain image or impression of itself in the minds of customers. A company evaluates many factors when it positions itself—its target market, its products, and its competitors. By evaluating its competitors, the company can determine ways in which it differs from other companies that provide similar products. By doing so, the business is determining its points of difference with other businesses. By knowing these points of difference, which include the competitors' strengths and weaknesses as well as its own, the business can determine how to set itself apart from the competition. Then, the business can use this information to position itself by emphasizing its uniqueness in comparison to its competitors. Profit margins, managerial styles, and support services might be points of difference.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Lane, K. (2006). Marketing management (12th ed.) [pp. 312-313]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
87. B
Product and price. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Internal factors that affect a company's promotional efforts are product, price, and place. Demand and competition are external factors that affect promotion.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. B
Maturity. To reach the maturity stage, a product must be well established. Competition increases and focuses on promoting the differences of competing products. During the introductory stage, a product doesn't have much, if any, competition; and the promotional efforts are focused on informing consumers about the product. The growth stage is when competition increases, but the product is not yet well established. Once newer products start taking the place of existing ones, a company's product enters the declining stage and eventually stops production.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1—Spread the Word (Promotional Mix)
89. B
Information is available on demand. Internet surfers can access a business's website and obtain product information 24 hours a day, seven days a week—making it available anytime the Internet user wants to see it. The Internet serves as a promotional vehicle that is more likely to be available to affluent markets, or those who can afford Internet services, but it does not ensure that consumers' privacy is secure. Many businesses use the Internet as a supplemental tool to promote products, which does not mean that businesses don't need to include target marketing in their overall business and promotional objectives.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 244]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
90. B
Organic marketing. Word-of-mouth promotion occurs when customers tell others about their satisfaction with the business. Organic word-of-mouth promotion occurs naturally. Because customers are satisfied with the business and its products, they enthusiastically tell others about their satisfaction in the course of normal conversation. In some situations, customers trust and like the product so much that they become product advocates—putting in a good word whenever and wherever they can. Virtual marketing involves communicating product information via the Internet. Mobile marketing involves communicating information via mobile devices and networks (e.g., smartphones). Shill marketing involves employing people to pose as customers who are satisfied with a business's product using word-of-mouth techniques. Shill marketing is unethical behavior, and in some jurisdictions, it is an illegal practice.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: WordofMouth.org (2008, September 30). Organic vs. amplified word of mouth. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://wordofmouth.org/blog/guest-genius/organic-vs-amplified-wordof-mouth
91. A
Cell phone. With the customer's permission, a business can send promotional text messages directly to the customer's cell phone. Because these customers usually have their cell phone with them at all times, they receive the promotional information immediately (in real time). Businesses send print catalogs to customers through "snail" mail. A scanner is a piece of equipment that copies a document or image to a computer. Television advertising is a form of nonpersonal promotion.
SOURCE: PR:089
SOURCE: Shermach, K. (2006, November 16). Using cell phones to promote customer loyalty. Retrieved August 28, 2013, from http://www.crmbuyer.com/story/54279.html
92. D
Want to read the message. The headline and the illustrations are two of the main elements in an advertisement. They should be coordinated to make the reader want to read the message in the copy, which is the third element in the ad. For example, the headline should attract attention and lead the reader to the illustration, which supports the headline. The coordinated headline and illustration create a desire in the reader to want to know more about the subject of the ad and, therefore, to read the message. It is not important to coordinate the headline and illustrations to make the reader appreciate the style of layout, understand the company name, or be aware of the cost involved.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 425). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. D
Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events. Public relations are a function of business that is designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. The business can foster goodwill with its various publics—its customers, its investors, its employees, the community—using a variety of tools and activities. Some public-relations tools and activities include writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, sponsoring events, and holding press conferences. Identifying trends is a marketing-research activity. Hiring new staff members is a humanresources activity. Product development is a product/service management activity.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Clow, K.E, & Baack, D. (2010). Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications (4th ed.) [p. 356]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
94. C
Using interactive displays that allow attendees to try the tablet. Participating in a trade show is a way for a business to communicate with the individuals or businesses most likely to buy the business's products. Because there are many other exhibitors, a business needs to design a visually attractive space, offer sales promotions, and display products in an appealing way to encourage attendees to stop at its booth. When a business's salesperson demonstrates the product, trade-show attendees see the product's attributes and how it works. In some demonstrations, the show attendees have an opportunity to try the product (e.g., tablet computer) themselves. The event's staff members are responsible for handing out the trade-show programs at the facility's entrance. A sign and name badges that depict a photo of the product are not the most effective ways of drawing attention to a trade-show booth.
SOURCE: PR:254
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [p. 579]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
95. B
Identify the target market. A target market is the particular group of customers a business seeks to attract. A business must identify its target market before it can begin to develop a promotional plan to effectively reach those customers. For example, the promotional plan a business designs to appeal to young adults might be very different from the type of plan it develops to appeal to senior citizens. Evaluating the feedback is the last step in the promotional planning process. Once a business identifies its target market, it will design the advertising message and prepare a promotional budget.
SOURCE: PR:073
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 443-44]. Mason, OH: South-Western, Cengage Learning.
96. B
Availability of raw materials. External factors that influence selling policies are those forces over which the business has little or no control. One of these factors is the availability of raw materials. Businesses have no control over the availability of raw materials needed to manufacture products. Therefore, businesses develop selling policies to deal with both a shortage and an abundance of raw materials. Businesses have control over the prices they charge for their goods or services. Businesses also are able to control the number of employees hired and to buy from quality suppliers.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Right (Selling Policies)
97. C
Business defamation. Governments regulate selling practices to protect buyers and sellers. Many jurisdictions have business-defamation laws that prohibit untrue or unsubstantiated statements that intend to damage the reputation of another business. Therefore, businesses must take steps to train their salespeople so they know what they can and cannot say to customers. Price discrimination is an illegal activity in which a business charges different customers different prices for similar amounts and types of products. Offering or accepting bribes in a selling situation is a common practice in some foreign countries, but is illegal behavior in other countries that view it as corruption. The example does not involve product infringement.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Manning, G.L., Reece, B.L., & Ahearne, M. (2010). Selling today: Creating customer value (11th ed.) [pp. 129-131]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
98. A
Newspaper advertisements. Many businesses place advertisements in newspapers that promote their goods and services. These advertisements are a good source of information for selling because they usually contain information about the business's goods and services. The advertisements may describe the goods and services, explain any warranties or guarantees, and list the price and availability. This information can be used by salespeople in selling the goods or services to customers. Professional publications, trade magazines, and product labels may be sources of selling information, but they are not types of company promotional materials.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 297). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
99. D
Answer remaining objections. Reaching closure is the fourth phase of the selling process. It often involves answering any remaining objections the customer may have. Salespeople should anticipate objections and learn to use them to their advantage in a sales presentation. When customers are satisfied that their objections have been satisfactorily addressed, they often give off signals that the time has come to close the sale. Salespeople sell product benefits when prescribing solutions to customer needs. Salespeople do not determine buying needs or identify customer reactions during the reaching closure phase of the selling process.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: SE LAP 126—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
100. B
Physiological. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory suggests that motivation is related to five levels of needs. Maslow's theory states that basic needs must first be met before a person is motivated to fulfill the next level of needs. The most basic level of needs is physiological, which includes needs such as food, shelter, and air. Therefore, Maslow's theory suggests that a person will purchase food to satisfy a physiological need before s/he will be motivated to purchase a product in another level of needs. The rest of the needs in sequential order are safety, social, esteem, and self-actualization.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Robbins, S.P., DeCenzo, D.A. (2007). Supervision today! (5th ed.) [pp. 220-221]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
Test Sample 2015
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Appropriation. Torts are civil wrongdoings that cause harm or injury to another party. Appropriation, wrongful interference, defamation, and conversion are four kinds of torts. Appropriation, which Brix Beauty Salon committed, involves a business or person who uses—without permission—another person's name, likeness, and other unique characteristics for the benefit or gain of the user. Brix Beauty Salon used the celebrity's name and picture to attract customers to the salon. Unfortunately, Brix had not obtained permission to use the celebrity's name or likeness. As a result, the celebrity could sue Brix for appropriation. Wrongful interference consists of predatory behavior undertaken by a business to draw either customers or employees away from a competitor. Defamation involves making false, malicious statements about a person or organization. Conversion occurs when personal property is taken from the owner and given to someone else to use.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2006). Business law today: Standard edition (7th ed.) [p. 107]. Mason, OH: Thomson Learning.
2. A
Corporation. A corporation acts as a "legal person" in doing business and is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A cooperative is owned and operated by its user-owners to supply goods and services to its members.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)
3. B
Channel management. Channel management involves understanding the concepts and processes needed to identify, select, monitor, and evaluate sales channels. This example entails the transfer of ownership of the computers from the manufacturer to the retailer. Promotion involves understanding the concepts and strategies needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Pricing is the marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Product/service management is the marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. C
Intermediaries. Intermediaries are also called middlemen and include sales agents, wholesalers, and retailers who perform specific functions in the movement of goods from producers to consumers. Direct channels of distribution do not involve intermediaries. All channels of distribution involve producers and either industrial or ultimate consumers.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. D
Green marketing. Green marketing refers to the practice of pricing, promoting, and distributing products in such a way that they do not harm the natural environment. Most manufacturers choose to participate in this practice because of their code of ethics. Consumer protection deals with safety features and product labeling standards that protect the consumer. Social awareness is a term used to describe the practice of enlightening the community of business actions to promote social welfare. International marketing refers to marketing goods and services in foreign countries.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 148). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
6. B
Setting appropriate prices. Businesses not only need to make their products available, but they also must sell them at a price that customers are willing to pay. If a product is not priced appropriately, customers usually will not buy even if the product is widely distributed. Therefore, it is important for businesses to coordinate the pricing activities with the appropriate channel members. Businesses must set appropriate prices that customers are willing to pay and have the products in stock when customers want them in order to successfully sell to customers. Coordinating the channel-management function with pricing does not involve implementing accounting policies, earning high profits, or developing product standards.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Lake, L. (n.d.). Developing your marketing mix. Retrieved July 25, 2014, from http://marketing.about.com/od/marketingplanandstrategy/a/marketingmix.htm
7. C
To read useful information. Business employees often read written material to obtain useful information that they can use to apply to a specific task or problem. For the information to be useful, the sources must provide relevant, valid written material. For example, employees might read industry publications to identify trends so the business can take steps to remain competitive. Industry information is relevant and valid and useful to businesses. It is not important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material to compile a database, understand business communication, or prepare a routine message.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. xliii, xlvii-xlix, 681-683). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
8. D
Training materials. Employees are often expected to read a variety of company resources in order to learn about and understand policies and procedures. Training materials are a type of resource that companies often make available to employees. By analyzing the materials, employees learn about company structure, business strategies, operating policies and procedures, etc. The more employees know and understand about the company, the better able they are to perform effectively and advance in the organization. Sales reports, promotional brochures, and research documents usually do not contain information about company policies and procedures.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Clark, B., & Commers, J. (2013). Entrepreneurship (pp. 400-401). Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
9. C
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker, and its desire to hear what the speaker has to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 101]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
10. D
Concise. Concise messages are clear and short. A courteous message addresses others with respect. Completeness in communication means giving all the information required. Carefully checking all facts and figures for accuracy before delivering a message should ensure correctness.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 117-118]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. A
Organize information. Organizing information helps you to communicate your message to your audience in a meaningful way. One way to organize information is to write down key points on notecards (index cards). Then, you can place the cards in their order of importance or categories. The advantage to using notecards to organize information is that you can move them around and reorganize as needed. When you have the information in the order that you want it in, you can efficiently write an outline, report, manual, or article, or prepare a presentation. Placing key points on notecards and placing the cards in a certain order will not help you access files, revise facts, or verify the information's accuracy.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: eHow.com. (1999-2014). How to organize a research paper. Retrieved July 24, 2014, from http://www.ehow.com/how_138072_organize-research-paper.html
12. B
Mtg. rescheduled for 3 p.m. An effective subject line for a professional email should summarize the body of the message and make it easy for the recipient to understand the purpose of the email. "Mtg. rescheduled for 3 p.m.", for example, clearly communicates the focus of the email (the meeting) and provides enough information for the recipient to understand why the email was sent to him/her (to inform him/her that the new time for the meeting is 3 p.m.). "New product information" is not specific enough for the recipient to understand what product is the focus of the message. "One more thing . . ." and "Can we talk for a minute?" are vague and provide little information to help the recipient understand the reason for the email.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. A
Make a decision. Informational messages are intended to inform and provide data to the recipients. In many cases, the purpose of an informational message is to help the recipient make a decision. For this to happen, the business employee should explain the situation and include sufficient data. If recipients clearly understand the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the situation, they usually have sufficient information to make a decision. Clear and concise writing enables a recipient to read the message. The letterhead usually includes the business's name, address, and phone number so recipients are able to contact the business. Explaining the situation and including sufficient data does not guarantee that the recipient will agree with the content.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 430]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 204-205). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
15. B
Body language. Body language is gestures, facial expression, tone of voice, or any other form of communicating without words. An employee's body language conveys a message to customers. For example, if an employee is talking to one customer and ignores a new customer, the employee's body language is telling the new customer that s/he is not important. On the other hand, an employee who smiles or motions that s/he will be with the customer shortly is communicating an interest in providing good service. Employees usually do not communicate their social status to customers. The verbal and nonverbal communications employees use during the closing statements indicate their interest in being of service, not the closing statements themselves. Informal product demonstrations do not communicate interest in providing good service to customers.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for career success (3rd ed.) [pp. 46-47]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
16. C
Hidden. Customers sometimes conceal the real complaint by stating another believable but secondary reason for their dissatisfaction. A sincere complaint is an honestly felt dissatisfaction. A service complaint results from poor service, and a business complaint is customer dissatisfaction with the business in general.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 240-241). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
17. B
Delivering on the company's brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. By delivering on their company's brand promise, employees can reinforce the company's positive image among customers. These employees become brand ambassadors, communicating the company's vision, mission, and brand through their actions and words, both on the job and off. Developing a broad product/service mix does not necessarily reinforce the company's positive image. Betraying a company by sharing its intellectual property with competitors does nothing to reinforce the company's positive image. Prestige pricing and price skimming do not reinforce a company's positive image in every case.
SOURCE: CR:002
SOURCE: Lebard, P., Rendleman, K., & Dolan, K. (n.d.). Delivering the brand promise through employees. Retrieved July 25, 2014, from http://www.mmc.com/knowledgecenter/viewpoint/archive/lebard2006.php
18. C
Time. Time utility is created when products are available at the time they are needed or wanted by customers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to customers. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods and services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by customers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: EC LAP 13—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. D
Quality control. Ensuring that products meet predetermined standards for excellence is known as quality control, and it is part of operations. Purchasing and inventory management are also part of operations, but purchasing refers to acquiring necessary goods and services, and inventory management means supervising inventory levels to make sure there is an appropriate balance. Strategic management refers to the business's plans and goals for the future.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
20. A
Technology. Technologies of all types have enabled global markets to function effectively. As examples, refrigeration has enabled perishable products to be transported between countries; and computers have facilitated communication and exchange of payments. Government, culture, and exchange rates have both facilitated and hampered global trade.
SOURCE: EC:104
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2009). Intro to business (7th ed.) [pp. 60-61]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
21. B
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce (limited) customer dollars. In order to be competitive, businesses must try to offer consumers quality products at fair prices. The profit motive is the desire to make a profit, which moves people to invest in business. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices usually occurring when demand exceeds supply. Resources are limited in all economic systems.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
22. B
Excise. Excise is a special government tax on certain items, such as gasoline. Government collects several kinds of taxes from businesses. Businesses are responsible for collecting income and social insurance taxes from employees and sales, excise, and duty taxes from customers. Businesses pay tax on their income and property, and they also pay fees for licenses and permits. Subsidy is government financial help given to a business. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by government that promise to pay bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. Discount is the amount by which the price of something is reduced.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
23. C
Steward. Union stewards are called shop stewards, and they are union members elected by their peers to handle any grievances or problems members might have with management. A union president's responsibilities involve leading the union as a whole rather than assisting individuals. A mediator is involved in union negotiations, clarifying issues, and making suggestions concerning the contract. An arbitrator also assists with negotiations. In binding arbitration, this person's decisions regarding the contract are final and cannot be changed.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: EC LAP 5—Get United (Organized Labor)
24. B
It makes acquiring foreign companies more expensive. One disadvantage of weak currency is making the acquisition of foreign companies more expensive since domestic currency doesn't go as far overseas. Reduction of business profits and a negative effect on the balance of trade are disadvantages of strong currency, not weak currency. Weak currency makes buying imports more expensive, not less expensive.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: EC LAP 30—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
25. D
Goals. Different cultures have different goals when it comes to business negotiations. For some, only a signed contract will do. For others, creating relationships equals success. Different cultures also have different attitudes (win-win v. win-lose), schedules (open-ended v. time-sensitive), and styles (informal v. formal); however, achieving a contract v. achieving a relationship pertains to negotiation goals.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: EC LAP 24—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
26. B
We don't want to brag. It's sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths. We don't want to seem as if we're bragging or “stuck up.” However, recognizing our talents, abilities, and the things we do well is a healthy and acceptable thing to do. Everyone has strengths. Weaknesses are not more significant than strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Your Strengths and Weaknesses)
27. D
Alertness and assertiveness. Alertness and assertiveness are two personal characteristics that are interdependent with initiative. A sales representative can show initiative by being alert to information about competitors and being assertive enough to express his/her views. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Resourcefulness helps you to make the best of any situation. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal needs, interests, values, and motives and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
28. A
Negative. People who have negative attitudes do not like to assist others. They are usually self-centered and focus only on their own needs. People who are productive and innovative are positive people. Indifferent people lack concern about or interest in things.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
29. A
Respecting the privacy. When employees respect the privacy of others in the workplace, they are more likely to gain the trust and respect of their coworkers and managers. Respecting coworkers' privacy means that an employee does not read correspondence that is not addressed to him/her. In addition, the employee does not listen to others' private conversations or go through their personal belongings. In the example, Amanda waited until her coworker Jeff returned from lunch to obtain a file that she needed. Because she did not go through Jeff's workspace, she was respecting rather than violating his privacy. The example does not indicate that Amanda's intention was to correct Jeff's work or to reinforce his efforts—she simply needed to review information in the file.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 267). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
30. D
Aggressive. Offensive behavior is unpleasant or displeasing. Assertive behavior is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others. Passive behavior is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: EI LAP 18—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
31. D
Productivity. Productivity is the amount and value of goods and services produced (outputs) from set amounts of resources (inputs). The overall output of all employees is often increased when businesses use teams because workers who feel they are an important part of a team often work harder and produce more. Other reasons that teams are important to businesses are that they reduce costs and workplace conflicts. Teams do not increase procrastination—putting off until tomorrow what should have been done today.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: QS LAP 6—Lean on Me (Teamwork Skills)
32. A
The agreed upon option is not always each person's first choice. Consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member. This means that for everyone to agree, the option doesn't have to be each group member's first choice, but an option that has been presented and agreed upon as acceptable by all members of the group. Minority rule means that a few people in the group make the decision. Consensus is not minority rule, is not rule by a single leader, and cannot be reached without each group member's input and agreement, which often requires compromise.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: EI LAP 19—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
33. B
Good visions have permanent results. A vision is a desire for the future that is achieved over time with determination and hard work. Good visions create positive results and may involve the input of many people over a long period of time. Visions are not based on mission statements, nor do they start out with specific goals. Visions are timeless rather than time bound.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This!
34. A
Being cooperative. Being a good listener is an example of being cooperative in the process of building positive working relationships. Being cooperative involves valuing the work of others as much as you value your own work. If someone needs help or is falling behind, you do your best to support him/her. This includes listening attentively when your coworker is communicating with you. Being a good listener is not an example of carrying your own weight. It may go along with getting to know others and having a good attitude, but it is best as an example of being cooperative.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate? (Positive Working Relationships)
35. A
Store of value. Money functions as a store of value when it is saved rather than spent. The money can be held over time, and it retains value for future purchasing power. In some situations, money is invested or placed in an account that generates more value. Money also serves as a medium of exchange. This occurs when money is used to obtain goods and services. Bartering involves trading one good or service for another good or service. Money also functions as a measure of value. When money functions as a measure of value, the individual holding the money assesses what s/he is willing to pay for a good or service, thereby communicating the product's value or worth.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 43]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
36. A
The first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing how you spend your money—understanding your spending habits—is the first step in creating a financial plan. Knowing your spending habits does not guarantee that you will exceed your financial goals. Although it's helpful to know how many checks you expect to write in a month, you don't need to understand your spending habits to open a bank account.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
37. B
Transaction fees. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. It is important to make these comparisons to determine inconsistencies and mistakes. If a check is not recorded correctly, and if the mistake is not caught, the individual runs the risk of having insufficient funds in his/her checking account, which results in bounced checks. Some financial institutions charge transaction fees for checking accounts, so it is important to make sure that those fees are subtracted from the checking account balance. Accumulated interest and payroll deposits are added to the checking account balance rather than subtracted from it. Check numbers are not subtracted from the checkbook when reconciling bank statements and checkbook balances.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (pp. 193-195). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
38. C
Commercial bank. A commercial bank provides a variety of financial services to individuals and businesses. Besides providing savings accounts and other savings options, banks also make loans and offer credit cards. Many large banks have trust departments and help individuals plan for retirement. Depending on the size of the bank, it may be possible to obtain all necessary financial services from that institution. The stock market itself does not provide financial services. A taxation department collects various types of taxes. A retirement community provides housing rather than financial services.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's Edition (pp. 179-181). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
39. C
Financial loss. A decrease in the availability of raw materials, supplies, or products needed by a business are economic risks that can result in financial loss for the business. For example, a decrease in the availability of petroleum can cause business's transportation costs to skyrocket. High interest rates is a business condition that can create economic risks. The involvement of government in the regulation of business may cause financial loss for some businesses. High turnover, rather than low turnover, is an economic risk.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: FI LAP 8—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
40. A
Legal considerations. There are laws that regulate the reporting of financial information. Since accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records, all businesses need to be aware of legal considerations and understand what is legal and what is not. For example, there are laws regulating the way that businesses report income and pay taxes. If businesses violate the law, they may be fined or face other types of legal action. With regard to the accounting process, it is not necessary for all businesses to be aware of management styles, system specifications, or research techniques.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: SOX-Online. (2003-2012). Sarbanes-Oxley essential information. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.sox-online.com/basics.html
41. A
Liability. Liabilities are the financial obligations a business has. In Claudia's case, the money she still owes on her office equipment is considered a liability. To find the net worth of her business, she must subtract her total liabilities from her total assets. This gives her an accurate picture of her business's health. A liquid asset is cash or any asset that can be quickly converted into cash. Accounts receivable are money owed to the business for purchases made by customers. Dividends are sums of money paid to investors or stockholders as earnings on investments.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 74). South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. B
Has cash available to use. The cash conversion cycle is the ratio that reflects the number of days between a company paying for raw materials and receiving cash from selling the products made from those raw materials. The longer this period of time, the longer the company's money is tied up and unavailable for other uses. Therefore, a financial manager strives to keep the cash conversion cycle as short as possible, so that the business has more free cash to work with. A dividend is the amount of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The profit margin is a product pricing consideration. The profit margin is the amount of money that a business earns on sales after expenses and is expressed as a ratio. Liquid assets are things of value that the business owns, which can be quickly converted to cash.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
43. C
Staffing the business. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of a business. Staffing is an important function because hiring and keeping qualified employees will contribute to the success of the business. Employees who are capable and hardworking usually help the business to achieve its goals and be successful. It is not possible to completely eliminate turnover. Management usually decides if it needs to expand and create more jobs. Human resources management administers the compensation package, but it is not responsible for reducing compensation.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
44. A
Providing salespeople with additional training. Data may show that salespeople need additional training for a certain product. This is something marketers want to provide so sales and profits can be as high as possible. Determining what new products to offer, deciding which wholesalers to use for distribution, and budgeting for product development are all activities that should take place before a product hits the market.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: IM LAP 12—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
45. A
Obscure relationships. Advances in technology have created software that allows for real-time analysis of marketing information. The benefit of this software to businesses is that it enables them to search many databases and identify obscure relationships. The software allows businesses to analyze the data as it is collected and compare it with information stored in many other databases. For example, real-time analysis might discover that a customer applying for store credit has the same telephone number as another customer who recently declared bankruptcy. This information would be immediately made available to the credit manager. Pricing strategies are plans for setting prices. A hidden objection is a real objection the customer does not want brought out in the open. Distribution channels are paths, or routes, that goods or services take from the producer to the ultimate consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (p. 261). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
46. B
Narrow the focus of the research if necessary. Many businesses allocate a specific amount in the budget for marketing research. If the amount will not cover the expense of the entire research project, then the business should stop at this point or narrow the focus of the project to the part that would be most useful at that time. The steps in the marketing-research process must be taken in a specific order, and none of them can be skipped. Starting a project and then telling the researcher to stop or cutting the project in half would not be effective.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: IM LAP 5—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
47. A
Identify a new market opportunity. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data about a specific issue, situation, or concern. To remain competitive in the marketplace, businesses conduct marketing research. One way to remain competitive in the marketplace is to identify, select, and distribute products to a new market segment, whose identification requires marketing research. If the business finds that a new market opportunity is feasible, it might decide to increase its sales staff, coordinate new marketing activities, or analyze financing options. Analyzing financing options is a business activity rather than a marketing-research activity.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 14, 52]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
48. A
Variable. A variable is any factor that is subject to change. Sometimes, the economy is the variable that marketers want to study through research. A case study is an in-depth analysis of a person, group, or event. An experiment is a marketing-research method that tests cause and effect by test marketing new products or comparing test groups with control groups. A hypothesis is a proposed explanation for something.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: IM LAP 14—Better By Design (Marketing Research Design Methods)
49. D
Attitude. Semantic-differential rating scales are used to measure attitude. Research participants are asked to check the box that best describes their feelings. Each box on the scale contains an adjective or phrase, such as courteous or discourteous. By checking a box, respondents indicate their attitude or how they feel about statements. Behavior is the manner in which individuals act. Personality is an individual's qualities or traits and behavior. Talent is an individual's aptitude for learning specific skills.
SOURCE: IM:286
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 348-350]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
50. D
Volume-tracking scanner. A scanner is an electronic device that reads or translates codes that are placed on products and enters the product information into a computer. Scanners are commonly used during a sales transaction, which is the point of purchase. This is a popular method of collecting information about customers' buying habits and inventory status because the scanning system can track large volumes of goods. Once enough data are collected, researchers evaluate the data to determine how fast or slow certain products are moving, which is information they can use to make business decisions. Photographic scanners, email surveys, and statistical surveys are not data-collection methods that researchers use during the point-of-purchase process.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 256-257]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. A
Consumers buy between four and eight widgets per week. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. In the example, four was the smallest number of widgets purchased, and eight was the largest number. The distance between four and eight is the range. Range is often used to describe the relation between numbers, such as the variation between the number of widgets purchased. Mean is the average, such as consumers buying an average of six widgets per week. Mode is the most common response, such as most consumers buy five widgets per week. Median is the exact middle, such as half of all consumers buying more than four widgets per week.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 445-446]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. C
Sample design. When collecting information, researchers usually select a sample of the target population to contact or include in the study. The design of this sample may lead to errors in the research. Researchers need to make sure the sample they select accurately represents the target population. For example, errors may occur if all those in the sample are 20-year-old males who live in one small city, but the research involves all men between the ages of 18 and 50. Interview location, key summary, and project purpose are not sources of error in the research process.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (p. 136). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
53. D
Inconsistent collection method. Secondary data are information that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Marketers collect secondary data from a variety of sources, such as business websites, research companies, trade associations, and industry journals. Although secondarydata sources can be inexpensive and provide current information, researchers must be careful to examine the way in which the source collected information. If the source publishes statistical data it has collected in an inconsistent or subjective way, the data may be skewed or exhibit bias. Industry approval, reasonable prices, and Internet accessibility are advantages associated with secondary-data sources.
SOURCE: IM:428
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 164-165]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
54. D
Marketing-information management. This function involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information to aid in making marketing decisions. The findings from marketing-information management are used in product/service management to guide product development and improvement. The selling function involves determining customer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. The promotion function is marketing function needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: MK LAP 1—Work the Big Six (Marketing Functions)
55. A
Business goals. The goals or objectives of a business are the things the business wants to attain. A particular share of the industry market might be a business's goal. The promotional mix is the combination of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. Channels of distribution are the paths, or routes, that goods or services take from the producer to the ultimate consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: MP LAP 2—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
56. C
Psychographic. Market segmentation is dividing the market into groups that have similar characteristics. Segmenting markets helps businesses identify the people who are most likely to buy their products. Businesses segment markets in different ways. In the example, the athletic apparel store used psychographics to divide the market, which means that the market is divided on the basis of a lifestyle choice—running. Geographic segmentation involves dividing a market on the basis of location (e.g., zip code). Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. A business that segments the market on the basis of demographics considers factors such as the age, gender, and ethnicity of the population. Rate of usage is a type of behavioral segmentation, which involves dividing customers into groups according to their response to a product.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: MP LAP 3—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
57. B
Presentation. Presentation is the way in which the information is communicated. It addresses such factors as clarity of language used, sufficiency of font size, clarity of layout, effectiveness of colors, usefulness of graphics or photos, clarity of audio or video (if included), and helpfulness of any animation used. Presentation is particularly important on the Web since so much time is spent reading online. Relevance deals with whether the information pertains to the topic being researched. Objectivity deals with presenting unbiased information. Timeliness deals with how up to date the information is; however, the importance of timeliness will vary from topic to topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Cornell University Library. (2014, February 13). Evaluating web sites: Criteria and tools. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://olinuris.library.cornell.edu/ref/research/webeval.html
58. D
Information systems. An information system is a method of gathering, storing, and analyzing data for the purpose of making business decisions. Businesses acquire vast amounts of information that must be stored and analyzed to make it useful. An effective information system enables a business to quickly and accurately process information and use that information to make decisions. Businesses do not develop operating procedures, survey methods, or management policies to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Rouse, M., & Martinez, C. (2011, March). IS (information system or information services). Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/IS-information-systemor-information-services
59. C
Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. The Internet is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity. Today, connectivity may be by dial-up to telephone lines, through broadband technology, or through wireless routers. All people around the world do not have access to an Intranet or an Extranet. Broadband is a type of technology.
SOURCE: NF:086
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 223). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. B
Include voice narration. Many multimedia software programs have options that allow sound (e.g., voice or ringing bell) to be included to add interest to the presentation. Sound should be appropriately placed and pertinent to the presentation theme. Businesses use spreadsheet software to make, document, and calculate numerical data. Businesses do not use presentation software to analyze organizational progress.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 215). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
61. C
To handle returns. Businesses, such as retailers, keep a financial record of each sales transaction and give a copy of the record, a receipt, to the customer. When a customer returns an item, a business uses the information in the financial record to issue the customer a refund or a credit. The return transaction also becomes a part of the business's financial records. Businesses do not keep records of sales transactions in order to cancel orders. Rebates are a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. They are usually offered by the product's manufacturer rather than by retailers. Expenses are monies the business spends, whereas sales transactions usually result in income.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
62. A
Protecting consumer privacy. Businesses are becoming more concerned with ways of protecting consumer privacy because of the new technology that makes it easy to gather and disseminate personal information. The rapid growth of electronic commerce, which enables consumers to purchase products online, also enables businesses to collect information about credit cards, personal preferences, and buying habits that many consumers prefer to keep private. In response to a growing concern on the part of consumers, businesses are trying to develop techniques that will protect consumer privacy—not only online—but also from other types of abuses. Economic expansion and marketing research are fundamental business activities rather than current trends. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups, rather than government, own or control the means of production.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
63. C
Consumer spending habits. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining economic, political, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect the business, the business can take steps to ward off the threats and to take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Consumer spending habits are an economic factor that might be a threat or an opportunity. If spending is increasing because the economy is healthy, businesses will be able to increase production and sell more. Global trade regulations are a political factor. Local demographics and restricted sales territories are not economic factors.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Boundless. (n.d.). Scanning and analysis. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from https://www.boundless.com/marketing/the-marketing-environment/the-marketingenvironment/scanning-and-analysis/
64. A
Inspection. Checking a sample item for defects after it has already been produced is part of a process known as quality inspection. Quality assurance is a process businesses use to prevent defective products from being created, not just to eliminate or correct them after they've already been produced. Quality guarantee and quality delivery are not traditional terms used in operations or quality control.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. C
Taking shortcuts. Employees who are learning a new skill should work slowly and cautiously, and avoid taking shortcuts. The quickest way is not necessarily the best way to complete tasks. Employees should practice the new skill using the appropriate steps and following the order in which they were instructed to use them. Employees who are learning a new skill should ask questions, follow rules, and act safely.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Bailey, L.J. (2007). Working (4th ed) [p. 113]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
66. D
Platform project. An author's new book is an example of a platform project, one that creates something entirely new. A derivative project enhances, adds to, or extends an existing project. A breakthrough project relies on the use of new technology. An R&D project takes on new visions or pursuits for the business.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: OP LAP 6—Projected to Win (Nature of Project Management)
67. A
Develop accurate job descriptions. Before identifying the right people to work on a project, it is important to develop accurate descriptions of the jobs these people will need to perform. The descriptions should explain exactly what is involved such as qualifications, education, or experience. Then, match the skills of project members to the job descriptions to find the people who will be able to do the work. It is not important to select necessary supplies, ask for contributions, or prepare specifications before identifying the right people to work on a project.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: QS LAP 19—Get What You Need
68. B
Set goals. It is important to develop a clear understanding of the project's objectives or goals. Without a clear understanding of the desired outcome, a project manager cannot effectively develop a schedule, negotiate terms, or monitor project progress.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: QS LAP 18—Make It Happen
69. B
Make them competitive with similar products. Updating or altering an existing product is a good way to compete effectively with similar products produced by other companies. Changing products is usually much less expensive than creating new products. Updated or altered products are not new products but new versions of old products. Changing products does not help the business to plan quantities since it does not know how well the revised product will sell. Being able to use a known production process would not be a valid reason for updating or altering products.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 4—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
70. C
Process orientation. Process orientation is a focus on how things are done, rather than just outcomes. It is a central principle of ISO 9000. Lean production is maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Continual improvement is a focus on increasing efficiency and effectiveness in all areas of the organization. Concurrent engineering is performing the stages of product design and development simultaneously, instead of one after another.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: OP LAP 8—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
71. D
Positioning. Innovation is the lifeblood of business, helping firms to stay competitive and to move forward. There are four specific types of innovation: product, process, positioning, and paradigm. Product innovation involves the development of totally new or improved products. Process innovation involves improving of some aspect of a process (e.g., manufacturing process). Positioning innovation involves identifying new, different ways to position a product or a company. LXT capitalized on positioning innovation by finding a different way to position its audio books in the marketplace. Paradigm innovation is a shift in the way of thinking that causes change.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
72. D
Asking questions. Before individuals can make decisions, they need to obtain information about the problem or situation. One way of gathering information is to ask questions of friends, family, coworkers, or supervisors. Asking questions enables individuals to gather additional information that may be useful in helping them to make good decisions. Watching movies, writing letters, and reading novels are not ways of obtaining information to use in decision making.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
73. B
Increased stress. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Employees who do not manage their time effectively often experience increased levels of stress. They find that they do not have the time to complete their tasks at work, and feel overwhelmed and under pressure to get everything done. The stress may follow them home and impact on their relationships with family and friends. Employees who are unable to effectively manage their time often experience increased pressure and tension, and decreased self-esteem.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: PD LAP 1—About Time (Time Management)
74. A
Leaving blank spaces. When completing an employment application, you should answer all the questions and fill in all the blanks. If the question does not pertain to you, write "NA" for not applicable. If you do not know the answer, write "unknown." By filling in all the spaces, you indicate to the employer that you have read all the questions even if you don't have the answers. Employment applications usually require your signature. You should always specify the job for which you are applying and provide exact data on the employment application.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 596). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
75. A
Interest the employer in interviewing you. The purpose of a letter of application is to catch the interest of the prospective employer so that you will be called in for a personal interview. Few employees are hired without a personal interview. The letter of application should tell the employer how you found out about the job, but that is not a basic purpose of the letter. The letter should touch on your work history and job skills, but the complete details should be presented in your résumé.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. A
Connect with others who might help them accomplish professional goals. People engage in networking activities by communicating with customers, friends, family, teachers, and former coworkers. Networking often provides people with information regarding work-related opportunities, such as job openings. Although networking is often used to develop a list of sales prospects and contacts, many people are not involved in selling activities in their occupation. Career-networking activities are primarily used to improve or enhance work-related situations rather than social standing. Obtaining letters of recommendation is often a result of networking activities. However, it is not always the primary reason why people network.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Entering the world of work (pp. 138-140). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. C
Competitive. When a similar product is offered by other businesses, a business needs to be aware of the prices of those businesses. If not, the business will probably lose customers because it is not competitive. Businesses must be willing to adjust their prices, depending on the circumstances faced by the business. Changes in the economy, demand, and other factors can affect pricing.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)
78. A
Below-cost pricing. When a company prices its products below cost, it makes it difficult for other companies to compete with the low prices, which they cannot afford to charge, and might eventually force them out of business. To prevent this situation from happening, many governments have laws that make it illegal for businesses to use below-cost pricing. When a business charges one price for all items it sells, it is using a one-price policy. Price skimming is a pricing strategy that involves setting prices higher than those of the competition. Markup is the difference between the cost of a product and its selling price.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 535-537, 544, 549-550). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. A
Improve existing products. As a result of advances in technology, new materials and operating techniques have been developed. These materials and techniques have made it possible for businesses to improve existing products. This impacts the product/service management function because it enables businesses to extend the life of existing products and keep them on the market. Businesses have found that it is usually less expensive to update existing products than to develop entirely new products. Advances in technology are allowing businesses to do this. Advances in technology often help to reduce human errors but cannot completely eliminate them. Advances in technology often make production systems more complex because they rely on complicated computer systems. Businesses are not able to control customer preferences.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: BusinessKnowledgeSource.com. (2003-2010). Pros and cons of improving or changing existing products. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.businessknowledgesource.com/marketing/pros_and_cons_of_improving_or_chan ging_existing_products_023885.html
80. D
Anywhere there is an un- or under-met need. People can recognize unmet or under-met needs wherever they are. This could be at work or where they are enjoying their hobbies. When people have their needs satisfied, product opportunities don't exist. It's when there's a problem or situation that isn't being taken care of that people can find product opportunities.
SOURCE: PM:134
SOURCE: Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011). Entrepreneurial small business (3rd ed.) [pp. 80-83]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
81. D
Market opportunity. When a situation exists to fulfill a market's unmet needs, there is a market opportunity. Entrepreneurs and businesses use creative-thinking techniques during the productdevelopment process, which involves finding ways to take advantage of the market opportunity that presents itself. Mind mapping is a creative-thinking technique that involves generating ideas by making associations. To begin the mind-mapping process, you write the problem or market opportunity in the center of a large sheet of paper. From that starting point, you draw lines to other words or phrases that relate to the main idea (problem, or market opportunity), and continue the process by making associations, which generates ideas and identifies possible solutions. The mind-mapping starting point does not begin by writing down supporting facts or primary associations. A situational analysis is a determination of a firm's current business situation and the direction in which the business is headed.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone (Techniques for Generating Ideas)
82. C
False; implied warranties are valid. There was a time when only express warranties held up in court, but today's courts recognize implied warranties as valid. Express warranties are warranties that are in writing or expressed verbally.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: PM LAP 4—Promises, Promises (Warranties and Guarantees)
83. A
Positioning. Positioning is a product-mix strategy in which a business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. Businesses must determine the best position to seek for their products because correct positioning is necessary to sales and profits. Positioning can make or break a business's product mix. Contraction is a product-mix strategy in which a business removes, or deletes, product items or product lines from its product mix. Alteration is a product-mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its products or product lines. Expansion is a product-mix strategy in which a business expands its product mix by adding additional product items or product lines.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3—Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)
84. B
Subhead. A subhead, or subheadline, adds information to that expressed in the headline. It is usually positioned below the headline and set in slightly smaller size type. The tag line is a slogan used in an advertisement. It may be part of the identification element, the part of the ad that identifies the product's brand or advertiser. White space is the blank space in a print advertisement that is unoccupied by text or illustrations.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 471). Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. D
To differentiate their products. Companies want their products to be perceived as different from those of other companies. They can do this through the use of brands. Charging higher prices and encouraging materialism are seen by consumers as negative aspects of brands. Creating an appealing brand often requires creativity, but demonstrating creativity is not a purpose of using brands.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
86. B
Direct sales. Touchpoints are the interactions that customers have with the business, and they can be divided into three categories: pre-purchase, purchase, and post-purchase experiences. Direct sales would occur during a purchase experience. Other examples of purchase experience touchpoints are physical stores and contact with customer representatives. Word-of-mouth is an example of a prepurchase touchpoint. Customer satisfaction surveys, and warranty programs are examples of postpurchase experience touchpoints.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Flynn, J. (2013, October 31). Purchase touchpoints: Maximizing the brand experience. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://blog.hultmarketing.com/blog/purchase-touchpointsmaximizing-the-brand-experience
87. D
Demand. Demand for certain products tends to change with the seasons, such as air conditioners for summer. This means that Tim needs to adjust his promotion to meet this change. Technology deals with technological developments, not demand for a product. Legal and political factors deal with government regulations and restrictions, not demand for a product. Cultural and social trends deal with changes in attitudes, lifestyles, and tastes of the consumers, not demand for a product.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: PR LAP 2—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. A
Persuade consumers to buy a particular good or service. Product promotion is used to stimulate consumer purchases of goods or services. Showing the company's commitment to technology or research, informing consumers about the company, and changing a particular attitude toward a firm or its product are goals of institutional promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
89. D
Advertising. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. It is the most visible element of the promotional mix because it can be delivered to a wide range of consumers through a variety of mass media. Sales promotion includes promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate consumer purchases. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual which benefits from it. Personal selling is the form of promotion that uses planned, personalized communication in order to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business opportunities.
SOURCE: PR:003
SOURCE: PR LAP 1—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
90. A
Odds of winning. In order to operate ethically, businesses that sponsor sweepstakes and contests are required to inform potential participants about the odds of winning. By providing this type of information, businesses are not misleading or deceiving customers about the possibility of winning. Customers have the right to know what their chances of winning are in order to decide if they want to participate. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service. A coupon is a certificate or part of a printed advertisement entitling the holder to a reduced purchase price. A sample is a small amount of a product.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: California Department of Consumer Affairs. (2014). Be smart, buy smart: What smart shoppers know about sweepstakes, contests, and lotteries. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.dca.ca.gov/publications/sweep.shtml
91. B
Telemarketing. Telemarketing is an advertising medium that utilizes telephone service to promote a product either by phoning prospective customers or providing a number for them to call. In the past few years, consumer groups have complained that telemarketing has become intrusive, so many governments have started to regulate telemarketing practices. Some governments have developed “do not call” laws. These laws allow consumers to register their phone numbers with a “do not call” registry. Qualifying businesses must obtain this list and not call consumers who have registered with the program. If they violate these laws, the businesses may be fined. “Do not call” laws do not regulate contests, Internet downloads, or direct mail.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: O'Guinn, T.C., Allen, C.T., & Semenik, R.J. (2009). Advertising & integrated brand promotion (5th ed.) [pp. 142-143]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. D
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes in the form of letters, catalogs, postcards, and folders. Direct mail would be the most effective medium because the business can choose the clientele who will receive the promotional message. Broadcast and out-of-home media have limited selectivity. Magazine advertising is selective but costly, and the timing of the message may not be appropriate.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
93. C
Sharing. Viral marketing is a promotional tactic that involves sending or forwarding promotional messages over the Internet (e.g., email, social-media websites, and blogs) to generate buzz about a brand, company, or product. Marketers often use humor, incentives, events, spoofs, videos, and other unusual techniques to spark conversations and encourage people to share their messages with others. It is important for marketers to prepare (stage) and manage the message content; however, staging, managing, and manipulating are not the primary goals of viral marketing.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Baeldal, T. (2006, November 23). 7 tricks to viral web marketing. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.baekdal.com/analysis/viral-marketing-tricks
94. C
Newsletters, annual reports, and the company's website. Public relations involves establishing good relationships between the business and the public. A business tries to maintain positive relationships with different groups that make up the public, such as employees, local businesses, government officials, the media, and the business's shareholders. Because the shareholders are the owners of the company, it is important to develop and maintain positive relationships with them. The public-relations department does this by communicating with them through newsletters, annual reports, the company's website, and online social networks. Print advertisements and commercials are forms of nonpersonal advertising. Businesses use press releases and news conferences to convey information to the media. Policy manuals help guide employees' actions on the job. Consumer blogs can be developed by anyone to communicate positive and negative information about various goods and services. A sponsorship is a partnership in which a company pays a fee to affiliate itself with a team, league, or event.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Soloman, M.R., Marshall, G.W., & Stuart, E.W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, real choices (5th ed.) [pp. 432-435]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
95. A
Emotions. Successful positioning appeals to customers' emotions. It connects with their feelings rather than just their logical or rational thoughts. Positioning is not a tangible experience that involves the five senses. A product may be positioned as a “value item,” or a way for customers to save money, but not all successful positioning depends on this desire.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: PM LAP 19—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
96. D
Create desire for products. Through the selling process, salespeople are often able to create desire for products by demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services. By presenting the features and benefits, salespeople can explain to customers how the particular products will satisfy their wants and needs. As a result of creating desire, salespeople are often able to sell the product. Demonstrating the features and benefits of goods or services does not add usefulness to products, develop new and improved products, or provide jobs for more employees.
SOURCE: SE:017
SOURCE: SE LAP 117—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
97. A
Leads to repeat business. A company's clientele consists of a body of customers upon which the organization can rely for significant repeat business. These are the customers who return to shop regularly. Other benefits of building a clientele include reduced selling costs, increased sales volume, and personal satisfaction. A loyal clientele does not change the business's image, provide it with a source of workers, or attract well-to-do customers.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
98. A
Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople. Unethical salespeople often lose customers and create a negative image of their company. Making erroneous statements about competitors or bending the truth to make a sale are typical examples of unethical sales practices. Sales managers must monitor the practices of their sales staff because they are ultimately responsible for the actions and claims of their staff.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
99. B
Unfair trade. Activities such as stealing a competitor's trade secrets, or attempting to get a competitor's customer to breach a contract, are considered unfair trade practices and are illegal practices in many countries. Consumer protection laws address issues such as product safety, consumer credit, and warranties.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Investopedia (2014). Unfair trade practice. Retrieved July 28, 2014, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/unfair-trade-practice.asp
100. A
Customers. Restaurant customers are often an important source of product information because they have tasted and eaten the menu items. Servers can ask customers if they enjoyed the new menu item and if they would order it again. Customers are usually willing to tell a server if the item was good or if they did not like it and why. Servers can use this information when selling the new menu item to other customers. Suppliers might have information about the various ingredients but not about the taste of a new menu item. The cooks would have an opinion, but it might be biased because they made the menu item. Friends would be able to provide the information only if they were customers.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: SE LAP 131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
Test ST-MKTG-10A
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. D
Intellectual. Many businesses own both tangible and intangible property. Intellectual is a type of intangible property because it is not capable of being detected through the senses. Examples of intellectual property include trademarks and trade names such as Xerox and M&M's. Businesses usually register their trademarks in order to legally protect them from being used or copied by other businesses. Tangible property is capable of being touched, smelled, tasted, seen, or heard, such as office equipment. Statutory and administrative are not types of property.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: Beatty, J. F., & Samuelson, S. S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 797-800]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. A
Corporation. A corporation would benefit the partners by allowing them to have limited liability and greater financial power by issuing stock. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons who combine the capital, but the partners have unlimited financial liability. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person who has limited capital and unlimited liability. A monopoly is a condition in which a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. B
They must have at least five members. To be effective, channels must be properly managed, channel members must share common goals, and channel members must share tasks appropriately. Channels can be effective no matter how many members they have.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. A
Direct. Any time a manufacturer or producer markets his/her goods directly to the final user or consumer, a direct channel of distribution is being used. An indirect channel is longer than a direct channel because products move to one or more intermediaries before moving on to the consumer. Intermediaries include sales agents, brokers, wholesalers, and retailers who perform specific functions in the movement of products.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. C
Integrated information sharing. Integrated information sharing allows near-instantaneous computer decisions related to market information, customer information, supply and inventory information, etc. The combination of all available information allows for more efficient supply-chain management. Electronic receiving, automated scheduling, and audiovisual programming do not improve the distribution process. In fact, the receiving process involves having employees check deliveries, and deciding when deliveries are scheduled.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 436-438]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. A
Making sure products are in stock before advertising a sale. It is important for businesses to coordinate distribution with the marketing function of promotion because products must be in stock and available to sell when they are advertised. Businesses that are planning to advertise a sale must first make sure the products are in stock. If customers visit a business to buy products that are not available, they may become irritated with the business and go elsewhere to buy. Promotion includes writing a news release to announce a new product line, and organizing a contest to attract customers to the business. However, these activities do not involve distribution. Placing an advance order to obtain a seasonal discount is a distribution function, but it does not involve promotion.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 367). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
7. D
Asking appropriate questions. A technique for effective listening that helps employees to follow directions is asking questions to clarify instructions. Asking questions helps keep the listener involved and lets the speaker know if the listener understands the message. Interrupting is a barrier to effective listening. Watching other employees during the instructions and looking interested would not help the employee to learn.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Cheesebro, T., O'Connor, L., & Rios, F. (2007). Communication skills: Preparing for careersuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 53]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. C
Concise. Concise messages are clear and short. A courteous message addresses others with respect. Completeness in communication means giving all the information required. Carefully checking all facts and figures for accuracy before delivering a message should ensure correctness.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 117-118]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
9. D
To give good customer service. Customers who call businesses often become irritated if they are not connected to the correct person or office the first time. Being transferred several times in order to do business with the company may cause customers to hang up and not contact the business again. In some situations, it is necessary to put callers on hold before they can be connected to the appropriate individual or department. Demonstrating telephone skills and keeping the number of calls handled to a minimum are not valid reasons for connecting calls correctly.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 85-88]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
10. C
To share many different opinions. Many businesses encourage employees to participate in group discussions to analyze problems and find solutions. The advantage is that when employees share many different opinions, there is an increase in the chance of developing useful recommendations. However, for the group discussions to be useful, all members must feel comfortable and be willing to express their opinions. Businesses do not make it possible for employees to participate in group discussions to discuss personal issues, to plan extracurricular activities, or to have casual conversations.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [p. 554]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. C
Note cards. Speakers often write brief notes on small cards to help them remember to discuss important points they want to present to the audience. Flash cards contain important information; however, they are most often used to help someone study or retain information for a test or exam. Storyboards are pieces of paper with frames containing script information for television or radio commercials. People place important information that they need to remember on memo boards. Memo boards are often placed near workstations or telephones, and are not tools that speakers use during a presentation.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 91-92]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. B
Be clear and easy to understand. The receiver cannot always ask the writer questions; therefore, written communications should be concise and clearly stated. They should get quickly to the point by using short and simple sentences. The written copy should only contain technical language when it is appropriate and will be understood by the receiver. Most business writing tends to be impersonal, but it is not necessary to be totally impersonal.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp. 293-294]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
13. A
Preparing outlines. Businesspeople often are expected to write business letters on a regular basis. One technique that helps them to write effective business letters is to first prepare an outline. An outline is a general plan giving only the main points to be covered. Preparing an outline helps businesspeople to decide exactly what they want to say in the letter and to organize their thoughts. Businesspeople then can use the outlines to write effective letters. Businesspeople usually do not ask questions, consult references, or develop charts in order to write effective business letters.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 108-111]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. C
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 319-321]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. D
Organized. Employees should always be well organized and prepared to provide customer service in a quick, convenient manner. Customers don't have a lot of time to waste. They expect employees to be knowledgeable about company goods and services, organized, and ready to work. Being organized will help employees to focus on serving customers. Employees should not be forceful or aggressive when dealing with customers. Employees who are detached give the impression of not caring about customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J. S., Jordan, A. K., Steinauer, M. H., & Jones, M. J. (2006). Communicating forsuccess (3rd ed.) [pp.141, 226-228]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
16. B
Build a clientele. A main reason to interpret policies is to have satisfied customers. Satisfied customers are more likely to become loyal customers and to tell their friends and family about the business. Businesses often encourage their customers to ask questions. Interpreting policies effectively is not related to controlling expenses or understanding customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Rue, L. W., & Byars, L. L. (2006). Business management: Real-world applications and connections (pp. 241-242). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw Hill.
17. D
Don't jump to quick conclusions. Don't jump to conclusions when dealing with dishonest customers. Remember that compromising and negotiating are part of normal procedure in serving customers. Explaining and demonstrating good service as many times as you need to is the best way to deal with suspicious customers. Never pressing for sales or decisions is the best way to deal with leave-me-alone customers. Mirroring behavior is the best way to deal with slow/methodical customers.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
18. C
Consumer. These are products that are purchased and used by consumers. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Contact lenses are not really in limited supply; therefore, they would not be classified as scarce. Contact lenses are tangible rather than intangible items.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: EC LAP 10—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Goods and Services)
19. A
Bread. A product has inelastic demand when the demand for it remains the same regardless of increased prices. Products with inelastic demand will be purchased even when their prices are increased. Movie tickets, television sets, and ice cream are considered luxury products and are said to have elastic demand. The demand for these products will go down as their prices are increased.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
20. C
More wheat than corn. Because John can sell wheat at a higher price relative to corn, it would be a greater incentive for him to plant more wheat than corn because he will earn more profit. Planting an equal or lesser amount of wheat than corn will generate less profit if John can sell wheat at a higher price.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 526-530). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
21. A
Producing goods and services. Producing goods and services is a primary aim of operations management. Keeping accurate financial records is part of financial analysis. Planning for future success is part of strategic management. And, hiring qualified employees is part of human resources management.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
22. D
Economic. Obsolescence, a change in local conditions, and government spending policies are types of economic risks. These risks can force a lowering of prices, change of products, or even failure of businesses. Human risks are those risks caused by human weakness and unpredictability. Natural risks result from natural causes such as floods, tornadoes, fires, lightning, earthquakes, or perishability. Risks are considered transferable when the business can protect itself by buying insurance.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
23. D
Task. Specialization by task occurs when workers perform only one small part of the total job. Specialization by stage of production occurs when more than one stage of production is needed to change a raw material into a finished product. Specialization by trade or profession refers to the type of work performed in order to earn a living. Specialization by use of resources refers to natural resources, capital goods, and human resources.
SOURCE: EC:014
SOURCE: Jackson, S., & Schuler, R. (2003). Managing human resources through strategicpartnerships (8th ed.) [p. 382]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
24. C
Labor union. A labor union is made up of workers who want to improve the terms and conditions under which they work. A union shop and an agency shop are types of union security agreements. A federation is made up of many national unions.
SOURCE: EC:015
SOURCE: Jackson, S., & Schuler, R. (2003). Managing human resources through strategicpartnerships (8th ed.) [pp. 629-630]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
25. B
Non-verbal cues. Non-verbal communication (body language) involves gestures or facial expressions rather than the use of words. Because different countries have unique cultural and social behaviors, it is important for businesspeople to understand these differences when doing business in other nations. For example, a hand gesture may mean a sign of friendship in one country, but may be a sign of disrespect in another country. One country might bow as a greeting while another country uses a short handshake. In some countries, people tend to stand several feet away from each other when they are speaking, but in other countries they stand very close together when speaking with one another. By not understanding these non-verbal cues, a businessperson can send mixed messages to the person with whom s/he is meeting. Language barriers are problems related to word usage. Non-verbal cues are one element of many human behaviors. Human behaviors also encompass the use of language.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 256-257]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
26. C
Takes time and practice. Visualization is the practice of imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. It is not always learned quickly or easily, but it does work well and can be very rewarding.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 197). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
27. A
It helps you to determine what you prefer. Taking an interest in different kinds of things and exploring those interests helps people to discover which ones they prefer. People won't become enthusiastic about everything they check out, but the things that do hold their interest will define who they are. Being interested and enthusiastic help people to motivate others, to keep friends, and to accomplish more than other employees.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 198). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
28. C
Know your job tasks, and perform them well. Employees should make every effort to find out exactly what their job responsibilities are and then carry them out to the best of their ability. In order to accomplish this, employees must ask questions and admit their mistakes. Unwritten company rules, as well as written rules, should be followed in order to foster good relations with coworkers and customers.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: PD LAP 7—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
29. B
Make a job change. When an employee can include a letter from a previous employer saying that s/he is an honest worker, it is usually easier for the worker to obtain a job at a new company. A recommendation would not help workers to select career goals and learn technical skills. Being recommended as an honest worker would not mean that a worker could work without supervision in all circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 69). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
30. A
Take plenty of time to handle the problem. In most cases, it is best to be patient and to take plenty of time to resolve difficult situations, rather than acting too quickly. Some problems do eventually solve themselves, but waiting for that to happen is not recommended. Getting too much advice may just complicate matters.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: EI LAP 14—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
31. D
Embarrassing. Mistakes are common, everyday occurrences, and everyone makes them. Even so, we are all embarrassed by them. That makes it hard to admit your mistakes, but learning to do so is very important to personal growth. While we can predict that mistakes will occur, we cannot predict what mistakes will happen.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
32. C
Self-understanding. You must be able to comprehend your own thoughts, attitudes, and actions before you can identify similar qualities in others and empathize with them. The alternatives would not necessarily limit self-understanding or perception of others.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Empathy)
33. D
Show respect by actively listening. When negotiating, you often earn the other party's trust by actively listening to their point of view. This shows that you are interested in what is being said and that you want to reach agreement. It is not possible to have an answer for all questions. Documentation will not be convincing if you have not shown yourself to be trustworthy. Threatening people is not an effective negotiation technique.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
34. B
Determination. Improving human relations skills requires daily practice. It is an ongoing process. The most important ingredients for success are a positive attitude and personal determination to improve. While external factors may be of concern, intrinsic motivation and attitudes are most significant. Aggression and defensiveness are negative qualities that would hinder effective human relations.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: EI LAP 5—Can You Relate?
35. A
Convenience. Credit allows businesses and consumers to pay for several different purchases at one time with a single payment. It reduces the need to carry cash and provides the convenience of ordering by telephone. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Interest is the fee which lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Credit does not provide reassurance, or comfort.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 607-608). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
36. D
Stocks. Savings accounts, money market accounts, and bonds are stable investments that do not go up and down frequently. However, stocks can go up and down often. Stocks can fluctuate dramatically in the short term, and they can also increase (or decrease) significantly in the long term.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 251-252). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
37. A
Accessing the Internet. The Internet, also sometimes referred to as the Information Superhighway, allows businesses to have access to a tremendous amount of information all at the click of a mouse button. The advantage of accessing the Internet is that businesses can obtain information quickly. However, the virtual glut of information available on the Internet makes it necessary to differentiate between what information is useful and what is not. Hiring qualified librarians to prepare research reports is a timeconsuming way of gathering information. Businesses use data-processing systems to interpret and organize information rather than to gather it.
SOURCE: FI:084
SOURCE: BA LAP 2—Risk Management
38. D
Sales journal. The sales journal—either a special book or computer software—records daily receipts and would provide the daily sales figures the business needs. A disbursement journal records daily expenditures. Income statements and bank statements would show total revenues but not accurate figures for specific days.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
39. D
$17,785. A business's balance sheet shows the business's financial condition at a certain point in time. It includes all assets, liabilities, and the owner's equity. Total liabilities, the debts the business owes, include items such as accounts payable, interest payable, taxes, and long-term notes, such as mortgages. Total liabilities do not include cash or machinery and equipment, which are considered assets. To calculate the business's total liabilities, add the figures for accounts payable, taxes, and interest payable ($12,560 + $2,200 + $3,025 = $17,785).
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: Hanson, M. (2010). Business math (17th ed.) [pp. 257-259]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
40. D
Revenue. Other sources of revenue might include income from investments, interest on bank accounts, or royalties. Profit and net income are synonymous terms referring to what is left over after operating expenses and cost of goods sold are subtracted from revenue. Capital is how much a business is worth.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: FI LAP 4—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
41. A
To avoid penalties. There are laws and regulations governing the finance process that businesses should understand in order to operate legally. These laws and regulations involve credit, reporting and paying taxes, issuing stock, etc. By understanding the legal considerations, businesses can avoid violating the law which also enables them to avoid incurring penalties. Some penalties are significant and can include large fines, restrictions on future operations, or even force the company out of business. Businesses do not need to understand the legal considerations for finance to manage budgets, reduce expenses, or compensate employees.
SOURCE: FI:356
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 178-183, 469, 489]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
42. B
Fiscal year. Budgets are prepared for a specific time period, usually a fiscal year. A fiscal year may or may not coincide with a calendar year. Budgets then are broken down into smaller time periods, such as quarters and months, so that managers can more easily monitor activity. Although quarters and months are monitored one at a time, the budget is prepared for the entire upcoming year.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
43. D
Electronically processing information. Human resources management involves gathering and maintaining an enormous amount of information related to employees and their jobs. One way that the use of computer technology benefits human resources management is by electronically processing information. Computer systems are able to store vast amounts of information in databases, allow managers to access and update information when necessary, and organize information according to specific criteria. As a result, fewer employees are needed to process the information and the amount of paperwork is reduced, which saves money for the business. The use of computer technology does not speed up the interview process, quickly organize the work load, or develop valuable feedback.
SOURCE: HR:412
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [pp. 647-650]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
44. C
To develop new products. Businesses often use marketing information to analyze what customers want and need in order to develop new products. Many businesses maintain internal records that indicate the types of products that currently are selling well and to which customers are attracted. Businesses can use this information to develop similar products that will appeal to specific markets. In order to use marketing information, businesses often need to calculate statistics and interpret findings. Businesses do not use marketing information to identify new vendors, although vendors are often a source of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (p. 237). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
45. C
Secondary data from company records. Secondary data are facts that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Your company would have already gathered information about population trends before opening its three locations. The company's routine sales reports also would contain information about decreased sales. This data may provide useful information to support your idea that sales are declining at one location because some customers have moved out of the area. A survey is time consuming, costly, and may not give relevant information. Secondary information maintained in libraries is not timely and may not be relevant. Primary data from a marketing firm is expensive and time consuming.
SOURCE: IM:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 2—Marketing-Information Management
46. B
No, businesses should not undertake any nonresearch activities involving data collected. Researchers must not undertake any nonresearch activities such as database marketing involving data about individuals that will be used for direct marketing or promotional activities. Such activities must be organized and carried out in a manner clearly differentiated from research activities. Databases contain reliable information. Consumers expect such information to be used for research rather than advertising. The company should use the information only as intended.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 99-100]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
47. B
Intranet. An intranet is an organization's private, secure network that allows authorized users to share information while reducing waste of materials, time, and effort. The Internet is a worldwide network of linked computers that allows the transfer of data from one computer to another anywhere in the world. E-mail (electronic mail) is the basic Internet tool for sending messages to other computer users. An extranet is a private network that companies use to share information with selected people outside the organization.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Everard, K.E. & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [p. 204]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
48. C
The method of data analysis to be used. If the data will be analyzed by hand, the amount of data must be limited. If the data will be analyzed by computer, the business can collect much more data because computers can analyze large amounts of data very quickly. The data should be collected objectively, whatever the amount. The reliability of the data is determined by whether they give the same results each time, and that cannot be determined until the data have been analyzed. The preferences of the business are a factor, but the preferences of the researcher are not.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 21]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
49. A
Obtain data about new products. A business's web site contains volumes of information designed to attract customers and encourage them to buy. However, this information is also available to competitors. Consequently, marketing-information managers often monitor their competitors' web sites to obtain data about new products that competitors might be selling. This data might indicate the characteristics and features of the products as well as pricing information. Businesses might use this information to develop similar products or to update existing products. Although businesses post a lot of information on their web sites, they usually do not include information about inventory turnover rates, current sales records, or regional economic factors.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 594, 597-598, 612). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. D
Transcribing. Transcribing involves taking the coded information and entering it into the appropriate computer fields so that businesspeople can analyze and review information. Researchers discard incomplete information before entering it into the computer.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [pp. 505-510]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. D
Mode. The mode represents the number that occurs the most often. In this example, the mode is four because most of the business's customers visit the business four times a week. The mean is the average number of times customers visit the business. The median is the middle number which indicates that half of the customers visit more often and half of the customers visit less often. Range is the distance between the fewest number of visits and the most number of visits.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B.J. (2010). Exploring marketing research (10th ed.) [p. 445]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
52. C
Research brief. This written report is intended to explain the purpose of a proposed research project and why it is important. The brief includes a statement of the problem or issue that needs to be addressed or studied. The goal is to persuade management that the business should spend the necessary time and money to complete the proposed research project. A written explanation of a proposed research project is not an example of a study guide, a report outline, or a learning tool.
SOURCE: IM:290
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 53-54, 554-559]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
53. D
Credible. Marketing research that is timely is credible because it is current. Researchers want the information they collect to be credible or believable because that increases the validity of the research. Valid research is based on collecting the most appropriate and up-to-date information available to use in solving a problem or addressing an issue. Researchers also want the information to be complete, reliable, and unbiased. However, that is not the reason for assessing the timeliness of marketing information.
SOURCE: IM:295
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 614-618). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. B
Personal interview. An advantage of conducting personal interviews is that the business can obtain indepth information from its customers that it may not be able to obtain from other research methods. A personal interview often reveals a customer's opinions, ideas, and problems, which might not be revealed by using other research methods. Unsolicited e-mail, fax surveys, and structured observation are research methods that might not provide the in-depth information the business desires.
SOURCE: IM:296
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [p. 185]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
55. B
Gain in market share. Businesses take action for the purpose of achieving certain results. One of the results that a business might want to achieve is a gain in market share, which is a business's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market. An action that a business might take to obtain this result is to lower the price of a product for the purpose of taking business away from competitors. If the price is lower, the business has an opportunity to gain market share. If the price is significantly lower, the business might lose money in the short-term, while increasing market share. Lowering the price of a product will not result in a decrease in cost or a reduction in staff.
SOURCE: MK:019
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 529-530). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. C
Price. The price element of marketing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. It often involves determining the amount of money that customers will be asked to pay in exchange for products. Sales will likely increase if customers are willing to pay the price. Place involves inventory control which is concerned with getting products in the right place at the right time. Promotion refers to communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Product refers to what goods, services, or ideas will be offered to customers.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: IM LAP 7—Pick the Mix
57. D
Competitive. Sales forecasts need to be adjusted when competitors enter or leave the market. Businesses expect their sales to decrease with the arrival of new competitors. Population changes involve the increase or decrease of population in a business's market area. Economic changes involve increases or decreases in consumers' disposable income. Market changes involve increases or decreases in the demand for a particular good or service.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: Fastlinksolutions. (n.d.). Sales forcasting: Factors that influence sales. Retrieved August 10, 2009, from http://www.fastlinksolutions.co.uk/calculat.htm#factors
58. C
Presentation. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Communication software programs establish connections between computers. Numeric and electronic are not types of software programs, although some programs analyze numerical data.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 165]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
59. B
Operating expenses. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze mathematical or numerical information. Businesses often use spreadsheet software to analyze operating expenses on a monthly or yearly basis. Businesses are able to enter figures for each category of expense for each month, and the software calculates the percentage of increase or decrease. This enables businesses to regularly monitor their expenses and determine if they are spending more than budgeted and make the necessary adjustments. Businesses use database software to manage personnel records and word-processing software to prepare technical reports and advertising plans.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 163-164]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
60. C
Legal. Legal records contain information relating to or concerned with the law. Businesses need to maintain all legal documents such as copyrights and trademarks. (Copyrights are granted by the government, and trademarks are registered with the government.) Most businesses expect their records to remain private. Political refers to politics or matters relating to the government.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
61. A
Types of products being purchased. Businesses maintain a variety of records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing. These records are usually known as sales records. By analyzing past sales records, businesses can determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not maintain customer sales records that contain information about the discounts offered by manufacturers, the cost of paying commissioned salespeople, or the suppliers that provide the goods.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
62. C
Be accessible to customers at all times. E-commerce is a business trend that is expanding rapidly because of the Internet and the World Wide Web. E-commerce is changing the way companies do business because it allows them to be accessible to customers at all times. Customers who have access to a computer and the Internet can visit a business's web site and obtain information or shop online at any time of the day or night. As a result, more and more businesses are adding web sites to make their services and products available to customers at all times. The benefit to a business is often increased sales. The growth of e-commerce is increasing competition, which means that businesses often reduce prices and offer additional services to attract customers. Businesses do not use e-commerce to communicate with similar organizations.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 207-208). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
63. B
Award purchasing contracts. Businesses maintain records about their vendors and use the information in the records to award contracts to the most appropriate vendor. When selecting a vendor, a business usually wants to buy from the vendor that offers the best price for the value, has reasonable delivery terms, and favorable credit policies. By comparing the information about each vendor, a business can make an informed decision about the best vendor. This type of information does not help a business to negotiate higher discounts, monitor inventory levels, or follow safe shipping procedures.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp. 120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
64. B
Consumer spending habits. An environmental scan is an analysis of external forces that influence a business's success. By examining economic, political, socio-cultural, and technological factors that affect the business, the business can take steps to ward off the threats and to take advantage of the opportunities based on the information that the scan provides. Consumer spending habits are an economic factor that might be a threat or an opportunity. If spending is increasing because the economy is healthy, businesses will be able to increase production and sell more. Global trade regulations are a political factor. Local demographics and restricted sales territories are not economic factors.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 30-32, 84-86). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
65. D
Personal habits can create safety hazards. Personal or family problems, stress, anger, fatigue, and alcohol and drug abuse can cause behavior problems that can lead to unsafe situations. Keeping work areas clean and putting things away reduces the risk of injuries. Tools and equipment should not be used without prior training. They can be hazardous to workers who don't know how to use them properly. For their own safety, employees should wear the appropriate clothing their employers designate.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-410). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
66. A
Do preventive maintenance. Many potentially dangerous or harmful situations can be avoided if businesses routinely do preventive maintenance on equipment and machinery. If businesses check electrical equipment, examine outlets, and inspect wiring on a regular basis, they will identify potential problems and be able to make repairs before dangerous situations exist. As a result, the working environment will be safe for employees. Hiring a cleaning company, offering medical training, and purchasing liability insurance are not activities that will help businesses keep the working environment safe for employees.
SOURCE: OP:008
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 406-409). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
67. C
Control costs. An effective project plan helps to control costs by considering potential problems that may arise. By addressing problems in the planning stage, a business is able to develop a method of dealing with potential problems, which often eliminates the need to make costly changes while completing the project. Scheduling employees is a routine part of developing a project plan, but does not involve considering future problems. Considering future problems does not help a business to negotiate contracts or eliminate resources.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: DuBrin, A.J. (2003). Essentials of management (6th ed.) [pp. 114-115]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
68. A
To identify and solve problems. Once a project has been completed, it's important to evaluate the results to determine if the project was successful. Part of the evaluation process involves identifying problems that may have occurred during the project and taking steps to solve those problems so they will not affect future projects. For example, management may find that the project could have been completed faster and for less money if different employees were involved. Management plans goals and objectives, organizes materials and supplies, and schedules time and employees before the project begins.
SOURCE: OP:159
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 242). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
69. D
Keeping their prices down. Purchased items, such as supplies, services, or raw materials, add to the final cost of a manufactured product. Purchasing can help to keep prices down by keeping costs down. Purchasing is not responsible for product promotion. Limiting shipment of goods would cause customer complaints. Maximizing inventory investment would increase expenses and make the company less competitive.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Nature of Purchasing)
70. B
Providing home security. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Providing home security creates a service for consumers and is, therefore, considered a form of production. Reading for pleasure, answering a telephone that is not a business phone, and purchasing food items are not production activities because they do not create a good or service.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: BA LAP 1—Nature of Production
71. A
Close. Most business equipment is expensive to purchase and costly to repair or replace. Businesses try to maintain their operating equipment in good condition because if it breaks down, the business might be forced to close until the equipment can be repaired or replaced. A major equipment breakdown would not normally cause a business to relocate, remodel, or expand.
SOURCE: OP:032
SOURCE: ReliaSoft Corporation. (1999-2007). Preventative maintenance. Retrieved August 10, 2009, from http://www.weibull.com/SystemRelWeb/preventive_maintenance.htm
72. C
Brushing teeth. Brushing teeth is a routine activity because it is done every day. Paying rent is a regular activity because it is done frequently but not daily. Visiting relatives and throwing a party are occasional activities.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri C.G. (2006). Marketing dynamics (pp. 722-723). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
73. B
Identify the problem. The first step in resolving conflict involves identifying the problem. If coworkers are involved in a dispute, they need to identify exactly what the problem is before they can find a possible solution. Determining the conflict is often difficult because the parties involved may have different opinions about the problem. Once coworkers take the time to discuss the conflict and identify the exact problem, they will be in a better position to agree on a possible solution. Ignoring the situation usually makes the dispute worse and does not solve the problem. Arbitrators usually negotiate problems between management and labor. Negotiating a settlement is the last step in resolving conflict.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: IS LAP 2—No Problem (Problem-solving)
74. A
Reading business reports. Free time is the time that is left over after employees have completed their tasks or when a planned activity is canceled. When free time occurs, employees should be prepared to use it effectively. Reading business reports during a flight to a sales meeting is an example of good use of free time. Watching an in-flight movie, listening to recorded music, and taking a short nap are examples of leisure-time activities.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
75. D
Choosing an appropriate career. Each of us has a unique combination of abilities and aptitudes for particular skills. Choosing a career is done by deciding which career matches one's abilities and aptitudes. Establishing a value system is developing your values, identifying which are most important to you, and creating a personal value system. Helping to understand people refers to being able to understand yourself in order to help understand and get along with others. Obtaining feedback from others refers to getting the thoughts and reactions from others about you and your behavior.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 258-260). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. B
Full-time manager needed immediately. Two-years' experience required. Equal opportunity employer. Businesses frequently use abbreviations in their want ads. In this example, F/T Mgr. is an abbreviation for full-time manager; immed. is an abbreviation for immediately; yrs. exp. req. is an abbreviation for years' experience required; and EOE is an abbreviation for equal opportunity employer. Applicants should learn the language of classified ads to understand the nature of the position, its requirements, and the employer.
SOURCE: PD:026
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 115). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
77. A
Good interpersonal skills. An employee who wants to be promoted or be given more challenging assignments in the field of marketing and advertising should have good skills in dealing with people. Most jobs in marketing and advertising involve extensive contact with people; therefore, the skill to effectively work with people is critical. Not all jobs in the field of marketing and advertising require the ability to use technology or to negotiate, although those skills might be useful in some positions. Management skills would help a person become a manager, although most employees are not at that level.
SOURCE: PD:035
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 266-270). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
78. B
Radio. Lower priced goods usually are promoted in lower priced media. Radio, which is relatively inexpensive compared to other media, is used quite often by companies selling inexpensive goods that do not have large promotion budgets. Television is one of the more expensive types of promotional media. DVDs are most often used when sending direct mail, which is an expensive form of promotion that businesses use when targeting specific audiences. Magazines are more expensive than radio and require a long lead time.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
79. D
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to calculate and analyze numerical data. Spreadsheets are very useful for business owners as they evaluate numerical data that relates to pricing issues. Presentation software is used to create visual aids that are commonly used in sales or other types of presentations. Word-processing programs are used to create written documents. Communication software programs (e.g., e-mail) are used to facilitate the distribution of messages.
SOURCE: PI:016
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 162-167]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
80. A
Plan healthy meals. RDAs show how much of each nutrient an individual should consume each day in order to be in good health. This information helps consumers to be more knowledgeable about nutrition and to plan healthy meals based on the RDAs. Healthy meals may also help consumers to lose weight or to reduce cholesterol, but that is not the basic purpose of RDAs. RDAs are not related to cooking skills.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: PM LAP 17—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
81. C
Internet. The Internet allows businesses in the travel, hospitality, recreation, and insurance industries to bypass intermediaries (agents and brokers). Consumers can easily go directly to the service business to make the purchase. This enables the businesses to reach more customers and sell at any time of the day or night. Fax machines are widely used as a means of sending information quickly rather than as a selling tool. Key card entry systems are used mainly in the hospitality industry. Interactive television is not as widely used by consumers as the Internet.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2001). Marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 309-310]. New York: Irwin/McGraw-Hill.
82. C
Solved. Problems are any obstacles affecting a desired outcome. When developing marketable products, there are often situations that require innovative thinking to solve or alleviate the obstacles. For example, ready-made cookie dough was developed to address a problem regarding the time it takes to prepare a dessert. Problems do not need to be provoked, created, or protected.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone
83. B
Product recall. Lakeview Manufacturing should alert the public and recall all the consumer tuna-fish products that were improperly labeled. Product recall is the removal from the marketplace of a product that is defective or hazardous to consumers. Product liability refers to the producer's responsibility for any injury that the business's product may cause. Guarantee is a promise to the consumer that a product's purchase price will be refunded if the product is not satisfactory. It is often called a money-back guarantee. Warranty is a promise to the purchaser that a product will be repaired or replaced if it proves to be defective.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: BNET. (2009). Product recall. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://dictionary.bnet.com/definition/product+recall.html
84. A
Deplete slow-moving items from its inventory. Mixed product bundling is the practice of packaging different products together. Businesses price the packages so that customers pay less for bundled items than they do if they purchase each item separately. A business that wants to deplete slow-moving stock might package the items with items that sell well, in order to eliminate the slow-moving items from its inventory. Businesses generally want to deplete slow-moving inventory because it costs them money to store the products for long periods of time. Bundling strategies do not necessarily lower advertising expenses and publicity efforts, nor do bundling strategies necessarily build ongoing customer relationships. Product substitution occurs when a salesperson suggests a product other than the original request when the business does not have the item requested. Product bundling practices do not always involve product substitution activities.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [p. 604]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. D
Create favorable impressions. The primary reasons that brands are used are for identification and differentiation. Successful brands help create and reinforce a favorable image that encourages customers to buy. Being descriptive of the product's benefits and uses is a characteristic of a good brand name rather than a reason to use a brand name. Trade characters are brand marks that have been personified or made to seem lifelike. Brand names do not explain preparation methods.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: PM LAP 6—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (The Nature of Branding)
86. B
Consumers have toward a business or product. The current meaning of "brand" is completely consumer focused and combines the consumers' experiences, images, and associations regarding a company, good, or service. A brand is the relationship a company or product has with its customers. A brand is not built on how businesses view each other or other industries, nor is brand about consumers' views of things they want to buy.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 230-232]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
87. A
Public-service. The company's sponsorship of an advertisement highlighting the importance of parents reading to their children is an example of a public-service promotion. Public-service promotions inform consumers about noncontroversial issues that are in the public's best interest. They build goodwill for the company, especially when they depict the company as a friend of the community. Patronage promotions are designed to promote a firm's prestige or its features. Primary product promotion aims to stimulate demand, or consumer desire, for an entire class of goods or services. Public-relations promotions are created to deal with issues that are in the public's interest but are also related to the company or its products.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
88. A
Controversial products. Over time, products that once were considered inappropriate to advertise have moved into the mainstream; however, certain products remain controversial. Businesses often encounter ethical problems when deciding how to promote these products. For example, gambling is legal in some areas but illegal in others. Businesses involved in legal gambling face the ethical dilemma of how to promote that activity to consumers who live in areas where it is illegal. Businesses that promote social causes, legitimate services, and staple goods usually do not encounter ethical problems.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Serrano, G. (2009, March 10). Socially controversial products. Retrieved August 11, 2009, from http://trendsupdates.com/socially-controversial-products/
89. C
Limitations. Certain products have limitations, such as producing side effects in some people or being potentially hazardous. When businesses advertise these products, they are usually required to disclose the limitations so consumers can make an informed decision about whether to buy. Businesses that violate these regulations run the risk of being sued by consumers who were harmed by the products. Advertisements usually describe the benefits of the products and often contain endorsements. Advertisements often point out important features especially if they are hidden.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [pp. 62-65]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
90. D
Customers may ignore future promotions. Customers who cannot buy products that are being promoted because the business did not make sure it had adequate stock to back up the promotion may lose faith in the business. The next time customers see one of the company's promotions, they may not bother to respond. Customers should not think they have been cheated under these circumstances. The business's image will be damaged rather than enhanced, and its profits could decrease.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 10-11, 12-17, 44-45]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
91. A
Action. Advertisers encourage action by including phrases in their copy such as "clearance sale" and "come on in." Claims make a claim for a product. Comparisons are features that are compared with a competitive product. An endorsement cites a reputable outside source to strengthen the sales message.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 425-433). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
92. A
Want to read the message. The headline and the illustrations are two of the main elements in an advertisement. They should be coordinated to make the reader want to read the message in the copy, which is the third element in the ad. For example, the headline should attract attention and lead the reader to the illustration, which supports the headline. The coordinated headline and illustration create a desire in the reader to want to know more about the subject of the ad and, therefore, to read the message. It is not important to coordinate the headline and illustrations to make the reader appreciate the style of layout, understand the company name, or be aware of the cost involved.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 425). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
93. B
Pass on positive information. One of the main functions of a business's public-relations activities is to reach external audiences, those groups that are outside of the company. These groups include the local community, government officials, customers, suppliers, creditors, etc. The external audience has a significant impact on the business because customers buy products, government officials enact rules and regulations, and creditors loan money. If the business does not maintain good relations with the external audience by providing positive information, it may have difficulty operating or even fail. Public-relations activities are not intended to sell useful products, measure the community response, or compile customer databases.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 457-458). Mason, OH: South-Western.
94. B
Participate in trade shows. When evaluating whether to participate in trade shows, businesses often take into consideration the size of their sales staff and the amount of their advertising budget. For businesses that have a small sales staff and a limited advertising budget, it is often worthwhile to participate in trade shows because this provides the opportunity to contact a large audience of potential customers. The trade show provides access to more contacts than the small sales staff can reach, and for less cost than extensive advertising. A business with a limited advertising budget probably would not develop television commercials or sponsor major sporting events because of the high cost associated with those activities. Buying space on billboards usually is not effective for businesses that sell to other businesses.
SOURCE: PR:255
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 404). Mason, OH: South-Western.
95. D
Limited control. Because word-of-mouth advertising involves customers telling others about the business, the business has very little control over what these customers might say. The hope is that satisfied customers will make positive comments about the business and encourage others to become customers. However, there is the chance that dissatisfied customers will make negative comments that harm the business. Businesses do not have high costs or extensive input as a result of word-of-mouth advertising. Low risk would be an advantage.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 441-443). Mason, OH: South-Western.
96. C
Goodwill. Goodwill is the positive feelings that customers have toward a business. It is an advantage that a business acquires beyond the value of its goods and services and is created and maintained by good relations with customers. The location of the business, its prices, and its credit terms are factors that often attract customers initially; but people will not become loyal customers if the business doesn't create goodwill.
SOURCE: SE:828
SOURCE: SE LAP 115—Keep Them Loyal (Building Clientele)
97. B
Selling the same quantity of the same product to different customers for different prices. This is an example of price discrimination and is often considered an illegal selling activity. If a business charges different customers different prices for similar amounts and types of products, it is involved in price discrimination, which is a violation of certain selling regulations. Customers often ask companies for price breaks on products at the end of the regular season. It is legal to offer substantial discounts to buyers of large quantities of certain products and to buy products from one company that are available for a lower price from another company.
SOURCE: SE:108
SOURCE: Futrell, C.M. (2001). Sales management: Teamwork, leadership, and technology (6th ed.) [pp. 38-39]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
98. C
Company promotions. Company promotions contain product information that helps salespeople to answer customers' questions about the advertised products. Ads often contain product descriptions that are useful in making sales. Consumer magazines may or may not contain the company's ads. Economic reports would address the state of the economy. Marketing textbooks would not be likely to contain specific product information.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: Anderson, R.E., & Dubinsky, A.J. (2004). Personal selling: Achieving customer satisfaction and loyalty (p. 144). Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
99. C
Customer testimonials. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Hotel sales departments often solicit testimonials from satisfied customers to use to sell the features and benefits of the hotel's meeting facilities. Positive statements from previous customers is a good source of selling information because it comes from people who are not associated with the property. Salespeople do not use employee evaluations, vendor specifications, or management objectives to sell the features and benefits of a hotel's meeting facilities.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
100. A
Tangible. Tangible products are those items capable of being touched, smelled, tasted, seen, or heard. Salespeople usually exert less effort in selling tangible products because customers can see and touch them. Also, it is easier for salespeople to demonstrate the features of tangible products and explain their benefits to customers. Customers may raise more objections when buying expensive products and require additional follow-up time from the salesperson. Salespeople selling intangible products often spend more time establishing relationships with customers. Optional products require more selling effort on the part of salespeople because the items usually are nonessential or luxury goods.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 321-323). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
Test ST-MKTG-10B
Marketing Cluster Exam
1. C
Regulated by various laws. There are several laws that regulate the use of credit. These laws are intended to guarantee that credit is managed fairly. The laws tend to improve the debtor-creditor relationship because there are rules in place that apply to both parties. Debtor-creditor relationships are not controlled by industry standards, intended to increase competition, or designed to monitor accounts.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Moore, C.W., & Petty, J.W. (2003). Small business management: An entrepreneurial emphasis (12th ed.) [pp. 417-418]. Cincinnati: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Partnership. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by two or more persons. Often, the purpose of forming a partnership is to combine the capital, the experience, and the abilities of the partners. A corporation is a form of business ownership owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. A franchise is an agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. A merger is the absorption of one company by another.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BA LAP 7—Own It Your Way
3. D
Shared by channel members. The costs of promoting products are often shared by channel members instead of being paid for entirely by one channel member. All products need to be promoted—promotion costs are unavoidable and are often expensive, especially for new products.
SOURCE: CM:001
SOURCE: CM LAP 2—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
4. D
Wholesaler. Wholesalers buy goods from producers or agents and sell them to retailers. Top-Notch is a wholesaler. Agents are intermediaries that assist in the sale and promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods or services and sell them to the ultimate consumer. Producers are the growers, manufacturers, or providers of goods or services.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: CM LAP 1—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
5. B
Obtain accurate directions to destinations. Global-positioning systems installed in delivery vehicles make it possible for drivers to determine their exact location and obtain accurate directions to destinations. Global-positioning systems are the result of satellite technology which allows businesses to track a vehicle. These systems also enable drivers to obtain directions so they do not waste time searching for their destinations. The systems speed up the delivery process. Global-positioning systems do not allow drivers to identify possible delays in traffic, calculate the fuel needed to complete a route, or gain access to inventory data.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Coyle, J.J., Bardi, E.J., & Langley, C.J. (2003). The management of business logistics: A supply chain perspective (7th ed.) [pp. 464-465]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
6. A
Threatening to stop using a supplier unless given major concessions. Coercion usually involves the use of force and is generally considered to be unethical. If a large business threatens a supplier, that is an example of coercion. The business may demand that the supplier sell at extremely low prices or pick up other types of expenses in order to be a supplier to the business. The message is that the supplier will no longer be used if the business does not receive the requested concessions. Requiring a specific type of packaging material and returning shipments without proper authorization are not examples of coercion. Buying products from unauthorized intermediaries is an example of the gray market.
SOURCE: CM:006
SOURCE: Bearden, W.O., Ingram. T.N., & LaForge, R.W. (2001). Marketing: Principles and perspectives (3rd ed.) [pp. 310-312]. New York: Irwin.
7. A
Channel conflict. Channel conflict occurs when there are differences among members in the same channel of distribution. One of the causes of channel conflict is the purchase terms. For example, manufacturers often want prompt payment for goods, but intermediaries often want to defer paying the manufacturers for as long as possible. The manufacturers and the intermediaries must be able to resolve the conflict in order to distribute the products. The manufacturer and the intermediary disagreeing about payment does not result in increased risk, limited variety, or illegal activity.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 371-372]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
8. A
Noise. Noise in the background can distract the listener. Emotional perceptions are the ways in which people interpret things. They are usually created or influenced by the background, or upbringing, of the individual, and they can create emotional barriers to communication. Bias is opinion based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. It can also create an emotional barrier.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Bovée, C. L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 12]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
9. D
Others may have different opinions. When defending their ideas, employees should keep in mind that others might not agree with the ideas or may have different opinions. If this happens, employees need to remain objective and clearly explain their ideas and provide supporting information. Being calm and logical is often the best way to defend ideas to others who have different opinions. Managers usually ask questions because they want to clarify information and make sure they understand the ideas. Employees' objectively defending their ideas usually does not result in office conflict. If employees understand their ideas, it should not be difficult to explain the data.
SOURCE: CO:061
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 288-289]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
10. C
To include appropriate information. It is important for business employees to identify the audience before preparing an oral presentation because the type of audience will have an effect on the information that is provided. For example, if the audience is composed of other businesspeople, the language and examples used will be different than if the audience is composed of students. When preparing oral presentations, employees need to consider the age, educational level, and interests of the audience in order to include information that will appeal to that specific group of people. Business employees do not identify the audience in order to select a comfortable seating area or to send invitations. One aspect of identifying the audience might include determining the educational level rather than the schools attended.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 90-91]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
11. A
Take notes. Important information often is presented during business meetings. Employees attending the meetings may want to share the information with other employees. To do this effectively, they often take notes so they have a written version of the oral presentation. By taking notes, employees can keep a record of important information that will enable them to share it accurately. Asking questions and giving answers will not enable employees to share important information with other employees. If they are writing memos, they may not be paying attention to the information that is being presented.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Miculka, J.H. (2007). Speaking for success: Annotated instructor's edition (2nd ed.) [p. 20]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western.
12. A
Request appointments. Salespeople write letters of request or inquiry for a variety of reasons. One reason is to schedule appointments with customers who are in a different city. When planning a business trip, salespeople often write letters to set up appointments with customers in order to make sure that the customers will be available. An advantage of writing letters is that the customers usually acknowledge the appointment with another letter. Then, both parties have a hard copy to remind them of the date and time of the appointment. Letters of inquiry ask for something rather than explain requirements, transmit information, or develop goodwill.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 112-114]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
13. D
Support the work effort. Good communication from supervisors to employees is vital to the work effort. Employees need many different types of information in order to do a good job. Supervisors should keep employees informed about what is going on within the business, as well as how the employees are doing on the job. Other examples of supervisor/employee communication might include providing job training, counseling individual employees, or planning social activities.
SOURCE: CO:014
SOURCE: Lesikar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 3-8]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. B
Promoting good customer relations. Customer-relations guidelines provide strategies for employees to use in their dealings with customers. An example would be a guideline that the customer is always right. An effective customer-relations program aids in building repeat business. It may also attract new credit customers, but that is not its purpose. Bonuses, quotas, and commissions are used to motivate the sales force. Whether these techniques help to increase the level of gross margin would depend upon a number of other factors.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: Peppers, D. & Rogers, M. (2004). Managing customer relationships: A strategic framework (pp. 179-184). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
15. C
Irritable/Moody. Cheryl is an irritable/moody customer. Sometimes, she is Jonathan's best friend, and other times, she's a real crab. A suspicious customer questions everything and is constantly worried that your business might take advantage of him/her. A slow/methodical customer is indecisive or just takes a long time to make up his or her mind. A dishonest customer may try to steal or get a discount on merchandise that isn't on sale.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 1—Making Mad Glad
16. C
Demand will go down for Type A cars and up for Type B cars. The price of products has a direct effect on demand. The increase in the price of gas is significant enough to make people want to buy more fuelefficient cars and fewer inefficient cars. The demand for both types will not stay the same.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
17. B
Price and nonprice. Most businesses use a combination of price and nonprice competition. For example, a business is using price competition when it advertises a special sale. It is using nonprice competition when it advertises its delivery service. When the business uses the two together, it is combining price and nonprice competition. A business advertising a special sale and delivery service is not using a combination of direct and indirect, perfect and monopolistic, or local and national competition.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
18. C
Protect consumers. Government has passed many laws for the sole purpose of protecting consumers from unsafe products. As new products grow in sophistication and complexity, the need for government regulation increases. Consumers need information about product contents, procedures for use and care, and any additional information that can protect their welfare. Such government action is not intended to increase prices or production. In some cases, producers are also protected when they are prevented from marketing inferior or unsafe products, but that is a side effect rather than a primary purpose of consumer-product laws.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
19. D
$3.50. Marginal cost is the change in cost involved in increasing or decreasing production. It is often used to calculate the extra cost of producing one more item. In this situation, total cost of operating the business is $3,000 before any items are produced. Once production begins, there are additional costs. To determine the marginal cost of producing each additional item, first calculate the change in total cost by subtracting the total cost before production from the total cost once production begins ($6,500 $3,000 = $3,500). The change in total cost is $3,500 from zero production to producing 1,000 items. To calculate marginal cost, divide the change in total cost by the number of items produced ($3,500 ÷ 1,000 = $3.50).
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: Gottheil, F.M. (2002). Principles of economics (3rd ed.) [pp. 182-184]. Cincinnati: SouthWestern.
20. D
6.3%. The labor force includes those who are working and those who are unemployed, but are actively looking for work. The unemployment rate is the percentage of those unemployed people in the labor force. To calculate the rate of unemployment, divide the number of unemployed by the number in the labor force (1,300 ÷ 20,500 = .063 or 6.3%). The rate of unemployment is used to analyze the condition of the economy. A low unemployment rate indicates a healthy economy, because most of the people who want to work are working. On the other hand, a high unemployment rate indicates a slowdown in the economy, with fewer goods and services produced and many people out of work.
SOURCE: EC:082
SOURCE: Abel, A. B., & Bernanke, B. S. (2005). Macroeconomics (5th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. New York: Pearson Addison Wesley.
21. A
Make more purchases. More money in circulation causes a decrease in interest rates, which encourages consumers and businesses to borrow more money and to make even more purchases. The Federal Reserve System usually puts more money into circulation during the expansion phase of the business cycle, thereby encouraging growth. During the contraction phase of the business cycle, businesses and consumers often increase their savings, buy fewer goods, and reduce their loans because less money is available.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 64-67). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
22. A
Loyalty. Dedication to your company's goals is an indication of loyalty. You should feel and demonstrate to both the aims of the business and other members of the work group. Honesty is the avoidance of falsehood in all forms. Initiative is the ability and willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
23. C
Themselves and their employers. When employees behave unethically, their coworkers might avoid them because they see them as people they can't count on. Also, their customers might take their business elsewhere because they don't think they can trust them. Their employers suffer because they may be less profitable because employees are not doing their fair share of the work, or are using too many company supplies. Employees do not necessarily hurt their families, friends, customers, or coworkers. However, these groups may not want to associate with those they consider unethical.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits)
24. C
Admit your mistakes. While most people tend to feel somewhat defensive in response to criticism, they should resist the urge to be defensive, admit their mistakes, and learn from them. Constructive criticism is not a personal attack and should not be taken personally. Maintaining your innocence when you know you are wrong is an immature response that does not foster personal growth.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
25. C
Feel customers' frustration with the products. Customers who must return unsatisfactory products are often unhappy with the products and the business. Some take out their frustration on the employee who handles the return. Empathy will help employees to understand why the customer is upset, and they will be able to handle return situations effectively. Identifying fraudulent reasons for returns is a part of preventing losses for the business and is unrelated to empathy. Employees should not try to persuade customers to keep their original purchases when those items are not satisfactory.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 15—Have a Heart (Empathy)
26. C
Visualization. The visualization technique of stress management involves imagining a pleasant scene and invoking as many senses as possible in order to imagine being in the scene. Deep breathing involves taking deep, slow breaths to physiologically relax the body. Positive self-talk involves asking yourself questions about what is important and what you can realistically accomplish. Muscular relaxation involves focusing on relaxing muscle groups in order to reduce stress.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: Sarmiento, R.F. (n.d.). Stress management. CyberPsychologist. Retrieved June 24, 2009, from http://www.cyberpsych.com/stress.html
27. A
Taking action. Teams that work together successfully toward shared visions take action and work hard to produce results. They don't ignore problems. They may or may not work on tasks individually or delegate work to others.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 13—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
28. C
File a lawsuit. Businesses are required by federal, state, and local laws to treat employees fairly and to see that they treat each other fairly. A lawsuit is just one problem-solving technique that could be employed. Quitting the job would only allow the employer to continue mistreating employees. Mark would have to seek another job which may be difficult if the current job is one that he really likes. Reacting negatively will only put the management on the defensive. If talking with management has not brought about change, writing a letter probably will not be effective either.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: HR LAP 24—Treating Others Fairly at Work
29. A
Fair Credit Billing Act. The federal legislation that Friendship General Store is complying with is known as the Fair Credit Billing Act. This is a federal law that specifies the time period in which a business must handle a credit customer's complaint and inquiry about his/her bill. The Fair Credit Reporting Act is a federal law that gives consumers the right to inspect the files of their credit history at any credit agency and to have mistakes corrected. The Truth-In-Lending Act is a federal law which protects consumers who use credit and makes it easier for them to compare the terms of different credit systems. It is also known as the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act is a federal law which attempts to make the granting of credit fair by prohibiting the denial of credit based on the applicant's gender, race, age, martial status, or national origin.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Lazarony, L. (2009). Your rights under the Fair Credit Billing Act. Retrieved June 24, 2009, from http://www.bankrate.com/brm/news/cc/20031111a1.asp
30. A
Authorized credit bureau. It is a good idea for people to verify that their credit is accurate by reviewing their credit-history reports. By reviewing their credit-history reports, people can determine if there are any problems (e.g., identity theft) or discrepancies on the report and work to get them resolved. These reports are available by contacting an authorized credit bureau. People do not routinely obtain credit-history reports from a credit compliance office, a judicial bankruptcy court, or debt collection agency.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (pp. 174-179). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
31. A
For the potential of a high return, you usually accept a high risk. The statement, “For the potential of a high return, you usually accept a high risk,” describes the relationship between risk and return. Higher risks usually bring higher returns. Lower risks usually bring lower returns. Every investment has some risk—none are risk-free. It would be unwise to take a high risk for something that might bring a low return. And, it is nearly impossible to find a high-return investment that requires only a low risk.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business
32. B
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. This includes the liabilities, or debts, that the business owes. The bank found that the owner's current liabilities were too high to be extended. Budgets show estimated income and expenses but not what is currently owed. Income statements would include the income and expenses for a specific period of time but would not include outstanding debts.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
33. B
$5,900. Total cash available is the amount of cash a business has available to spend each month. A business determines the amount of cash available by adding its total cash receipts to its beginning cash balance ($2,400 + $3,500 = $5,900). Payments due are part of cash payments and would be subtracted from total cash available to determine ending cash balance.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: FI LAP 6—Count the Cash (Cash Flow)
34. B
Growing in value. When return on capital is positive, the company is growing in value. When return on capital is negative, the company is losing value. A high return on capital would not indicate that a company is low on cash. Businesses can have a high return on capital but not pay out dividends.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: FI LAP 7—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
35. D
Business expense. Utility bills, salaries, advertising, equipment purchases, taxes, and loans are examples of expense items a business must spend money on. They are the opposite of business income, examples of which are sales and interest. They do not, in and of themselves, represent spending controls or financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: FI LAP 3—Money Tracks
36. D
Storage and disposal of chemicals. Storage and disposal of chemicals is a workplace-related safety and health issue that is most likely regulated by law. Sometimes, companies go above and beyond their legal obligations to provide safe and healthy work environments and offer optional programs such as weight management programs, smoking cessation support groups, and health education information sessions.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
37. B
Marketing information. Marketing information is all of the marketing-related data available inside and outside the business. This includes information about customers, competitors, demographics, etc. Businesses need marketing information in order to understand why a product that has been a strong seller for a long time is now losing popularity. For example, marketing information might tell a business that the target market for the product is decreasing in size because of age, or that a competitor has introduced a similar product that sells for less. Once the business understands the reason for the loss in popularity, it can take steps to correct the problem. Sales records are a type of marketing information, but they usually indicate only the decrease in sales rather than the reason for the decrease. Secondary data is a type of marketing information that has been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. It may not be useful in determining why a product is now losing popularity. Purchasing documents are documents a business uses to purchase goods and services.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Zikmund, W., & d'Amico, M. (2001). Marketing: Creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world (7th ed.) [pp. 124-125]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
38. D
The researcher should tell ABC's managers that the data do not support their conclusions. It would be unethical for the researcher to knowingly allow the dissemination of conclusions from a marketingresearch project that are not supported by the data. The researcher has collected accurate data and should not change it to support the company's conclusions.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: European Society for Opinion and Marketing Research (ESOMAR). (n.d.). International code of marketing and social research practice. Retrieved November 16, 2005, from http://www.esomar.org/index.php
39. D
Vary by jurisdiction. Businesses have the ability to easily collect information from people who visit their web sites and from customers who purchase their goods and services. While collecting this type of information helps a business to determine which products sell and what customers want, the business must be careful not to break consumer-privacy laws, which vary by jurisdiction. Jurisdiction is the authority a court has to resolve a legal issue. Jurisdiction is affected by many factors including geographic location (e.g., state, province, country), customer (e.g., children), and industry (e.g., financial, healthcare). Consumer-privacy laws are not enforceable at an international level.
SOURCE: IM:419
SOURCE: ConsumerPrivacyGuide.org. (n.d.). Your privacy protection under the law. Retrieved August 6, 2009, from http://www.consumerprivacyguide.org/law/
40. D
Accuracy. Accuracy is absolutely essential in gathering, recording, and analyzing marketing-research data if the data are to be of value to the business. Inaccurate data can cause the business to make incorrect or unwise decisions. The frequency with which research is conducted would depend upon the needs of the business. Primary data are facts collected specifically for the problem or project at hand. A marketing-research project may require either or both kinds of data. Secondary data are facts that have been collected for purposes other than the project at hand.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: Churchill, G. (2001). Basic marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 770-771]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern.
41. B
Quantitative. Quantitative research often answers questions related to "how many" and "how much." The information is usually obtained from large numbers of people, and the results often are explained in a numerical form. For example, a business would use quantitative research to find out how many customers in a certain area buy a specific product and how many products they buy. Intelligence, syndicated, and economic are not types of research techniques.
SOURCE: IM:281
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp. 257-260, 494]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. C
Problem. The purpose of research usually is to solve a problem. Businesses create research objectives, the goals the research wants to achieve, in order to explain the research problem. For example, if the problem is service, a business would create several objectives related to service. One objective might be to determine customer satisfaction with a specific service. Marketing research objectives are not intended to explain the research process, policy, or priority.
SOURCE: IM:284
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 612). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
43. A
Income. Demographics refer to the physical and social characteristics of the population. Factors such as age, gender, education, occupation, and income are often considered when conducting marketing research. Opinions, traits, and values are considered psychological factors.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: Churchill, G., & Iacobucci, D. (2002). Marketing research: Methodological foundations (8th ed.) [pp. 258-261]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
44. A
High flexibility. Some marketing researchers conduct personal (one-on-one) interviews with people to collect data. Although the disadvantages to using this method are the slow rate of collection and the possible bias of the interviewer, it allows the interviewer a great deal of flexibility and the ability to gain a wide array of data with personal interaction.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Shao, A. (2002). Marketing research: An aid to decision making (2nd ed.) [pp. 185-186]. Mason, OH: South-Western.
45. C
Counting the number of respondents who agreed with the questions. In many cases, processing marketing information involves tabulating the results. Tabulating is counting the number of respondents who answered each question with one of the possible answers. For example, if 100 people responded to a survey, businesses need to know how many of them agreed, disagreed, or had no opinion about the questions. Also, tabulating helps businesses to determine if some people did not answer all the questions, which might have an effect on the accuracy of the results. Tabulating does not involve analyzing the information to make it useful, or comparing the results with results from other types of research. Coding is assigning a numeric value to the various responses on the survey.
SOURCE: IM:062
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (pp. 202-203). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
46. A
Range. Range is the distance between the smallest and largest value in a set of responses. In the example, six was the smallest number of products purchased and nine was the largest number. The distance between six and nine is the range. Range is often used to describe the relation between numbers, such as the variation between the number of products purchased. Mode is the most common response. Median is the exact middle. Mean is the average.
SOURCE: IM:191
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (p. 154). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
47. B
Communicate the purpose of the study. A marketing-research brief outlines the purpose of the research for the researcher. It describes the issue or problem at hand and the research objectives, and it often provides background information about the company. By clearly communicating the purpose of the study, the researcher can determine the best way to approach the process and obtain the necessary information to resolve the problem. After collecting the data, the researcher can analyze, interpret, and summarize the data.
SOURCE: IM:290
SOURCE: B2B International. (n.d.). The art of the brief. Retrieved August 6, 2009, from http://www.b2binternational.com/article17.html
48. A
Sample design. When collecting information, researchers usually select a sample of the target population to contact or include in the study. The design of this sample may lead to errors in the research. Researchers need to make sure the sample they select accurately represents the target population. For example, errors may occur if all those in the sample are 20-year-old males who live in one small city, but the research involves all men between the ages of 18 and 50. Interview location, key summary, and project purpose are not sources of error in the research process.
SOURCE: IM:292
SOURCE: Hair, J.F., Wolfinbarger, M, Ortinau, D.J., & Bush, R.P. (2008). Essentials of marketing research (p. 136). New York, McGraw-Hill Irwin.
49. C
May be inaccurate. The government is a valuable source of secondary information because government agencies collect data about many issues on a regular basis. However, some of this information may be inaccurate because it is collected at specific intervals of time. For example, census information is obtained every ten years, so it may be dated and irrelevant after a certain period of time. Secondary information obtained from government sources is inexpensive, easy to find, and not complicated to process.
SOURCE: IM:294
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 614). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
50. C
Refrigerator. Durable goods are tangible items that will last a long time. A new refrigerator is expected to last for several years. Interior design is a service, not a good. Pencils and pizza are nondurable goods because they are used up in a short time. However, all of these items can be marketed.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: BA LAP 11—Have It Your Way! (Marketing)
51. C
Location. Demographic characteristics such as age, life stage, and income help marketers to segment their markets according to the characteristics people have in common that affect their purchasing power. Other demographic characteristics include educational level, occupation, and gender. Location is an aspect of geographic segmentation, which divides markets on the basis of where consumers are located.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: IM LAP 9—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
52. B
Objectives. Marketing objectives are the goals a business seeks to reach with its marketing plan, which is a set of strategies for attracting the target customer to the business. One of the main reasons for developing a marketing plan is to identify those strategies that are the plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. Marketing functions are interrelated activities that must work together to get goods and services from producers to consumers. Marketing mix is the combination of the four elements of marketing—product, place, promotion, and price. Market share is an organization's portion of the total industry sales in a specific market.
SOURCE: MP:007
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, realchoices (5th ed.) [pp. 51-52]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
53. C
Environmental scanning. Environmental scanning involves obtaining and compiling information about those environmental forces that might be relevant to the company's strategic planners. Market penetration involves taking steps to boost sales of present products. Diversification is a strategy of expanding into related market segments. Vertical integration involves owning or controlling the inputs to the firm's processes.
SOURCE: MP:008
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 34-35). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
54. A
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often send e-mails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of disks store vast amounts of data that once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not decreased the use of phone systems and fax machines for all businesses.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: Everard, K.E., & Burrow, J.L. (2001). Business principles and management (11th ed.) [p. 195]. Cincinnati: South-Western.
55. D
Decision-making process. Businesses need to make many decisions on a daily basis that affect the success of the business. To help with the decision-making process, they develop and use information systems which are methods of gathering, storing, and analyzing data. For example, an information system might store data about current customers and be able to analyze that data to provide information about buying behavior and product preferences. A business can use this information to decide whether to modify products or change its promotional approach. Businesses do not develop and use information systems to help with the public-relations effort, the internal communication plan, or the new recruitment system.
SOURCE: NF:083
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (p. 594). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
56. D
Subject. When an employee composes an e-mail message, s/he places information in several fields of the message template before it goes to the message receiver. The "subject" field is an area in which the sender describes the topic of the e-mail message. The "subject" field immediately advises the message receiver about the type of information that the message contains. The message sender clicks the "send" button when s/he wants to transmit the e-mail message to the intended receiver. The message sender places the message receiver's e-mail address in the "to" field. When the receiver wants to respond to the e-mail sender's message, s/he clicks on the "reply" button.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., & Steinauer, M.H. (2006). Communicating for success (3rd ed.) [pp. 301-302]. Mason: Thomson South-Western.
57. B
Presentation. Presentation software programs allow businesspeople to create computer-generated presentations that may include graphics, transparencies, slides, text, sound, video, or animation. The advantage of using presentation software is that it enables businesses to develop colorful, eye-catching presentations that display information in an interesting manner. Application, operating, and publishing software programs do not combine graphics, transparencies, slides, and text for an on-screen display of information.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 202-203). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
58. A
To refer to in the future. Businesses keep records of documents that they may need to refer to in the future. These include copies of all correspondence, such as business letters and minutes of meetings with customers. This information might help to answer a question or resolve a misunderstanding with a customer. Businesses do not keep copies of correspondence with customers in order to report to government, conduct research, or file an insurance claim.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: NF LAP 1—Record It (Business Records)
59. B
Posting web sites. Trends are the general direction in which people and events are moving. A trend that is occurring because of the Internet is the development of more web sites by existing brick-and-mortar businesses. By building web sites, these existing businesses have another way to provide information, promote products, and increase sales at any time of the day, any day of the week. Internet technology is not necessary to photograph products, print advertisements, or copy contracts.
SOURCE: NF:013
SOURCE: Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2008). Business: Library edition (9th ed.) [pp. 134-135]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company.
60. A
An ethical issue. Operations are the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. One aspect of operations involves managing the production facility which includes deciding where the facility will be located. Deciding to move the facility to a foreign country to lower costs by using the childlabor market might be an ethical issue because the use of child labor is usually considered unethical. Although the child-labor market exists in certain parts of the world, most countries consider it unethical, and in many cases, illegal. Deciding to move a production facility to a foreign country is not an example of international trade, a liability problem, or facilities planning.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: Pride, W. M., Hughes, R. J., & Kapoor, J. R. (2008). Business (9th ed.) [p. 286]. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
61. A
Worker. The company can install safe equipment, provide training, and develop safe operating procedures, but it is ultimately up to the worker to act in a safe manner. A company cannot force a worker to be safe. The government has laws regulating safety in businesses, but it cannot monitor each worker. The union can only encourage safe work habits.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: RM LAP 2—Following Safety Precautions
62. A
Plans should change if necessary. Because events sometimes surprise us, we should change our plans when necessary. Plans aren't set in stone. They should not always stay the same. Projects are monitored, not plans. And, planning early is much more helpful than planning right before the project starts.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: QS LAP 28—From Here to Done
63. D
The company's production capabilities and the cost of making the needed parts. When making a makeor-buy decision, a purchasing specialist should consider whether the company is capable of making the needed parts and whether it would be cost-effective for the company to make the parts instead of purchasing them. A purchasing specialist does not need to consider the sales of the finished product, the purchasing department structure, or the marketing mix when making a make-or-buy decision.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
64. C
Criteria. Criteria are the standards that businesses often establish in order to select vendors. Businesses want to make sure that vendors will be able to provide the quality of product that is needed as well as deliver it on time and for a reasonable price. For example, one criterion might be that a vendor is able to provide repair service, if needed. Then, those vendors that do not have that capability will not be considered. A purchase order is the form that a business fills out to order goods. Once a vendor accepts a purchase order, it becomes a contract. Vendors usually prepare price sheets.
SOURCE: OP:161
SOURCE: Van Weele, A.J. (2002). Purchasing and supply chain management: Analysis, planning and practice (3rd ed.) [pp. 54-59]. London: Thomson Learning.
65. B
Meeting project deadlines. Employees need to accomplish as much as possible while they are on the job, rather than just put in their hours. One way they can manage their work in order to control expenses is to meet deadlines so they don't hold up coworkers' projects or disappoint customers. Holding up coworkers might cost the company additional money for wages and time involved, while disappointing customers might result in lost sales. Arriving on time, following leave procedures, and staying until closing are ways that employees can help to control expenses by managing their time.
SOURCE: OP:025
SOURCE: Think Big. (2009, April 29). Steps for reducing business expenses. Retrieved June 24, 2009, from http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1682579/steps_for_reducing_business_expenses. html?cat=3
66. D
Internal and external. Decisions can be affected by internal and external factors. Internal factors include experience, emotion, insight or intuition, commitment to an outcome, and comfort with risk. External factors include framing and logic.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options
67. B
Time is a precious commodity. Time is a valuable resource that should be used wisely. The supply of time cannot be expanded, and it is not used in the same way by everyone. Some people make very good use of their time, while others waste it.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: OP LAP 1—About Time (Time Management in Business)
68. A
Marketing management. Katharine's career is in the area of marketing management. Careers in marketing management involve all marketing functions, including channel management, marketinginformation management, pricing, product/service management, promotion, and selling. Katharine's career is not in the area of banking services, professional selling, or operations management. Banking services include cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
69. B
Schedule an interview. Applicants write letters to businesses in the hopes of obtaining an interview and ultimately a job. One way of getting an interview is for applicants to specify in their letters a time that they will call to discuss the possibility of scheduling an interview. Taking the initiative often helps job applicants obtain the interviews they need. By law, job applicants do not need to provide personal information about age, marital status, children, etc. Therefore, it is unlikely that an applicant would call to provide unrequested information. It would be inappropriate for job applicants to call in order to discuss salary and benefits or ask questions about the company.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
70. C
Menswear Retailers of America. This is one of the professional organizations related to the apparel and accessory industry. Women's Wear Daily is a trade publication. The American Marketing Association is an organization of individuals, such as marketing researchers, sales and promotion managers, and teachers, who are interested in marketing. Chamber of Commerce of the United States is a national federation of businesses and companies which makes known to the government the recommendations of the business community on national issues and problems affecting the economy.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 789-790). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
71. C
Value. Both buyers and sellers want to feel that they are receiving value when exchanging goods and services for a specific price. Buyers want low prices and to make sure that they are making the best use of their money. Sellers want the highest prices that will still attract the most buyers. Prices should be set so that they satisfy both buyers and sellers in order for both to get the most value from the transaction. Buyers and sellers do not expect to receive credit or prestige when exchanging goods and services for a specific price. Only sellers want to make a profit from sales transactions.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: PI LAP 2—The Price is Right (Pricing)
72. B
Offering low-priced goods that are unavailable. Bait-and-switch advertising involves promoting a lowpriced item to attract customers to whom the business then tries to sell a higher priced item. In many cases, the low-priced item is in limited supply or completely unavailable when customers try to buy it. The business then shows customers a more expensive item and encourages them to buy. Bait-and-switch advertising does not involve promoting discounts on large quantity purchases, selling goods at prices that are below cost, or handling products that are sold on the gray market.
SOURCE: PI:017
SOURCE: Soloman, M. R., Marshall, G. W., & Stuart, E. W. (2008). Marketing: Real people, realchoices (5th ed.) [p. 363]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
73. A
Variable expenses. Variable expenses are business costs that change according to changes in sales volume. Variable expenses have a significant effect on selling price because businesses need to charge enough for their products to cover costs and still earn a profit. If a business's variable expenses increase, it may need to raise the selling price to remain profitable. Social concerns, competitors' costs, and government regulations are external factors that affect selling price.
SOURCE: PI:002
SOURCE: Etzel, M.J., Walker, B.J., & Stanton, W.J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 325-330]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
74. D
Provides quick and easy access to purchasing histories. Before technological advancements such as the personal computer and the Internet, many companies collected data that had to be stored and sorted manually. Information stored on a computer can show an inventory control analyst past buying practices or provide a business service representative with a customer's ordering history very quickly. Databases do not necessarily reduce order-entry errors. Promotional policies can be written and stored on a computer. However, computers don't necessarily provide added protection. Written policies are not usually documented in a database format. Most documents are in a word-processing format. Using a computer database to manage goods and services does not generally compromise employees' privacy rights.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Hoffman, K., & Bateson, J. (2002). Essentials of services marketing: Concepts, strategies, & cases (2nd ed.) [pp. 123-124]. Orlando, FL: Harcourt.
75. A
Cause. A package that is used to promote a political or social cause because it contains slogans, graphics, and other nonproduct information is "cause" packaging. This type of packaging is often considered unethical because it emphasizes information that is unrelated to the product. Making product packages from recycled materials or from materials that are biodegradable or reusable are ethical packaging considerations.
SOURCE: PM:040
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 577-581]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. C
Yellow. The Six Thinking Hats technique for generating ideas is a way of categorizing and focusing on different aspects of a problem, issue, or situation. Each colored hat represents one aspect or way of looking at the situation. In this technique, the yellow hat looks at all the positives. The white hat looks at the facts, data, and information available. The green hat creates new ideas. The red hat focuses on emotions, feelings, and intuition.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: PM LAP 11—Unleash Your Oh! Zone
77. D
To cut costs and increase profits. Although cutting costs and increasing profits is a constant concern for business, it is not a reason for revising standards. The implication is that standards will be lowered to save money. It is often necessary to revise standards to respond to new technology, to consider new methods and materials, and to upgrade quality and safety requirements.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: PM LAP 8—Grades and Standards
78. B
Increased profits and customer feedback. Warranties and guarantees often benefit businesses by providing feedback from customers and increased profits. When customers use warranties to correct unsatisfactory products, businesses obtain information that helps them improve products. Also, businesses that honor warranties and guarantees often have higher sales and greater profits. Consumer benefits from warranties and guarantees can include free repairs, service information, and legal recourse.
SOURCE: PM:020
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 674-677). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
79. C
Product-mix strategy. A strategy is a plan of action. Types of product-mix strategies are expansion, contraction, alteration, trading-up, trading-down, and positioning. A marketing strategy is a plan of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. A promotional mix is a combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its message to consumers. Product positioning is the consumer's image or impression of a product as compared to that of competitive products.
SOURCE: PM:003
SOURCE: PM LAP 3—Mix & Match (Nature of Product Mix)
80. A
Benefits. One way marketers position goods and services in the marketplace is by emphasizing their benefits. The marketers emphasize how the product is different from other similar products. A new concept such as tissues containing lotion is appealing to people during flu and cold season or for those who have allergies. The tissues are softer and less likely to irritate the skin. Therefore, emphasis is placed on the benefits of using the product. A new product in the marketplace would not initially experience competition. Price would not likely be used to position the product because product development is very expensive. The product might be more expensive when it is introduced in the marketplace to cover development costs and because there is no competition. Image refers to the way someone or something is viewed by others. Marketers would probably not emphasize the image of disposable products such as tissues.
SOURCE: PM:042
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2002). Marketing essentials (3rd ed.) [pp. 560-561]. Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
81. A
Corporate. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Disney is an example of a corporate brand. The Disney theme parks and resorts, Touchstone films, ABC and ESPN television networks, and consumer products, including the Baby Einstein products, are areas within the Disney corporate brand. Product brands are the combined impressions, images, and experiences associated with a particular good, service, or product line. Loyalty and universal are not types of brands.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: Dhruv, G., & Levy, M. (2008). Marketing (p. 284). New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
82. A
Positioning their corporate brands. The target market is the group of customers that a business wants to attract. To attract these customers, the business must understand the target market's wants and needs, and develop strategies that will appeal to them. Positioning is the product mix strategy, or the group of activities, that the business executes to appeal to the target market. For example, if the business wants to attract a target market that earns a minimal salary of $100,000, the business would not position the company to reflect a discount or low quality. Accounting systems are not the most important factors when evaluating or making decisions about target markets. Budgeting information and personnel reports are operational data.
SOURCE: PM:207
SOURCE: Etzel, M. J., Walker, B. J., & Stanton, W. J. (2007). Marketing (14th ed.) [pp. 158-159]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
83. B
Institutional. Institutional promotion aims to create a certain image in the eyes of consumers. This ad is intended to build goodwill with the public by portraying the company as having concern for the environment. Product promotion aims to persuade consumers to buy a good or service. Primary promotion is intended to stimulate demand for an entire class of goods or services. Patronage promotion is designed to promote a firm's features or prestige.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: PR LAP 4—Know Your Options (Types of Promotion)
84. A
Young children have a limited ability to evaluate information. Their understanding is often literal, and many times they accept what they hear without question. To be ethical, advertisers should be truthful and not mislead children. Exaggerated claims do not necessarily give more details. Children often believe what they are told. Many of them have the capacity to understand detailed information.
SOURCE: PR:099
SOURCE: Arens, W.F. (2004). Contemporary advertising (9th ed.) [pp. 78-79]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
85. D
Governmental restrictions in regard to promotional activities vary by country. Because each government is structured differently, regulation varies from country to country. Consumer advocate groups are organizations that work to influence industry and government policies on behalf of the consumer. Consumer advocate groups often influence government regulation and policies. Because laws vary by country, it would be difficult to develop and fully enforce international laws regarding unfair advertising practices. The ability to sue a company is dependent on the individual country's laws and policies. Many promotional activities are subject to regulation, including media venues (television, radio, print); telemarketing; contests; and sweepstakes.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Wells, W., Burnett, J., & Moriarty, S. (2003). Advertising principles and practice (6th ed.) [pp. 191-193]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
86. A
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes and businesses. Businesses that use direct mail often send it to current customers who are likely to buy more products. Persuasive direct mail encourages immediate action such as mail orders or inquiries. A sales letter is a type of printed direct mail, as is a postcard. Participative is not a type of direct mail.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: PR LAP 3—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Promotional Media)
87. D
Word-of-mouth communication. This is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Therefore, customers recommending the business to their friends is an example of word-of-mouth communication. In many cases, these recommendations lead to additional sales because people tend to believe their friends and take their advice. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. Verbal assertiveness is a confident attitude that involves the use of words. Recommending a business to friends is not an example of one-on-one selling.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 441-443). Mason, OH: South-Western.
88. A
To obtain publicity. By sponsoring an event, businesses are using the event as a communications channel to provide information to others. The goal of sponsoring an event is to obtain publicity which is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it. In many cases, the media report the event and include information about the sponsors. As a result, the businesses obtain publicity. Businesses that sponsor local events are not creating news. Businesses do not sponsor local events to generate revenue or to sell products. However, by obtaining publicity, they might attract more customers which will result in selling more products and generating more revenue.
SOURCE: PR:250
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 458-460). Mason, OH: South-Western.
89. B
Encourage action. Advertisers use statements such as "Only 3 days left" in their copy to encourage readers to take action. Copy that makes a general or specific statement about the product is making a claim. Copy that identifies benefits focuses on benefits of the product to the consumer, and copy that describes features gives factual information about the product.
SOURCE: PR:014
SOURCE: Farese, L. S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C. A. (2009). Marketing essentials (pp. 525-527). Woodland Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
90. C
Elements in advertisements. The headline, illustrations, copy, and signature are the main elements in advertisements. It is important that all of the elements be coordinated to create an effective ad that will attract readers. One way to coordinate the elements is to make sure that they promote the same theme. The intent is for each element to reinforce the others and strengthen the message of the ad. Making sure that the headline, illustrations, and copy promote the same theme is not an example of coordinating principles of design, channels of communication, or arrangements in print.
SOURCE: PR:251
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2006). Marketing essentials (pp. 423-428). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
91. C
The media. The media are the message channels used by a seller to promote a good, service, or ideas, e.g., radio, television, newspapers, magazines, Internet, etc. Businesses often use the media to disseminate positive information about themselves and their employees to external audiences in order to establish good relations with those audiences. For example, businesses might prepare press releases or hold press conferences so the media will publicize the information and inform external audiences. A public relations agency makes the information available to the media in the hope that the media will disseminate it. A creative writer puts the information in a written format but does not disseminate it. An infomercial is a lengthy commercial that looks like a television program.
SOURCE: PR:253
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (pp. 460-461). Mason, OH: South-Western.
92. D
Traditional advertising. When evaluating whether to participate in trade shows, businesses consider several factors. One of the factors is the cost of participating in comparison to the cost of other types of promotional activities, such as traditional advertising. In many cases, it is more cost effective for a business to participate in trade shows to locate sales contacts than to pay for media advertising, which is often expensive. Businesses with limited promotional budgets may decide that trade shows are the best way to contact potential customers. Publicity is free. Visual merchandising is display. Finding salespeople is not a factor when deciding whether to participate in trade shows.
SOURCE: PR:255
SOURCE: Semenik, R.J. (2002). Promotion and integrated marketing communications (p. 404). Mason, OH: South-Western.
93. C
Create an in-house event. Businesses often create in-house events such as demonstrations or fashion shows that coordinate the promotional activities with the selling activities. The promotional activities inform customers about the event and encourage them to visit the business. During the event, salespeople have the opportunity to use their selling skills to persuade customers to buy. Advertising campaigns and direct mailers are separate promotional activities. An apprentice program involves training new employees.
SOURCE: PR:076
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 10-11,12-17, 44-45]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
94. A
So they can give good customer service. Salespeople need to understand their company's distribution system so that they can provide fast, satisfactory delivery service to customers. If they do not understand the system, they may offer service the company cannot provide, which will disappoint customers. The distribution manager is responsible for controlling distribution costs, not the salesperson. Understanding the distribution system will not help the salesperson to calculate discounts or to obtain product information.
SOURCE: SE:076
SOURCE: Futrell, C. M. (2006) Fundamentals of selling: Customers for life through service (9th ed.) [p. 51]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
95. A
Operating policies. These policies guide the general operation of the business. A salesperson's selling activities, terms of sales, and services a salesperson can offer are basic groups of selling policies.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: Levy, M., & Weitz, B. A. (2007). Retailing management (6th ed.) [pp. 251-252, 262]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
96. A
Salespeople have a direct effect on a customer's first impression of the business. Since salespeople are on the company's "front lines," they often create the first impression people receive of the business. Customers use this first impression to decide whether or not (or how much) to purchase from the company. If customers suspect they are dealing with dishonest people, they will not remain customers for very long.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: SE LAP 129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Selling Ethics)
97. A
Product information. Salespeople must be thoroughly familiar with the features of their products and be prepared to translate those features into benefits for individual customers. In order to do this, salespeople need product information. They need information such as how products are made and used in order to explain to customers how these features will benefit them. Salespeople can obtain product information from industry research and reports, by talking to customers, and from personal experience using the products.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: SE LAP 113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
98. D
More than. In many cases, more time is required in prospecting for customers to buy intangible products (e.g., insurance, mutual funds, lawn care). More time may also be spent calling on these prospects to establish a relationship, to determine their needs/wants, and to explain to them the benefits of the intangible product, which may not be easily understood by the prospect.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: Zeithaml, V.A., Bitner, M.J., & Gremler, D.D. (2009). Services marketing: Integratingcustomer focus across the firm (5th ed.) [pp. 20-23]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
99. A
Patronage. Patronage motives are reasons for buying that are based on loyalty to a particular business. Customers often are motivated to buy from a particular business because of price, quality, or service. Businesses encourage patronage motivation because loyal customers buy regularly, and help the business compete and remain successful. Security and recognition often are considered emotional motives. Utility usually is a rational motive.
SOURCE: SE:359
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing: Instructor's wraparound edition (2nd ed.) [p. 151]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
100. B
Controlling. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)