Test 1146
Personal Financial Literacy Exam
1. D
Agreement. In order for a contract to be legally binding, an offer must be made by one party and accepted by the other party. In effect, the two parties are agreeing. The competent parties provision requires those entering a contract to be of legal age and meet other criteria. Jurisdiction is a court's authority to resolve a legal issue, and consideration requires something of value be exchanged.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Beatty, J.F., & Samuelson, S.S. (2008). Essentials of business law (3rd ed.) [pp. 217, 219]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western.
2. B
Selling an item for $500. In a contract, consideration is what one party gives or receives in exchange for something else. If a person contracts with another person to sell an item for a certain amount, the consideration is giving up the item in exchange for $500. In this situation, the buyer's consideration is the $500 paid for the item. Consideration is not putting the price in writing, promising to make a gift, or giving away an item worth $500.
SOURCE: BL:002
SOURCE: Stim, R. (2016). Consideration: Every contract needs it. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/consideration-every-contract-needs-33361.html
3. B
Court judgment lien. A debtor-creditor relationship can be based on two different types of debt—voluntary and involuntary. Voluntary debt includes any debt that a person or business willingly creates. Examples include automobile loans, mortgages, and lines of credit. Involuntary debt is debt that a person or business does not ask for nor willingly assume. For example, if a court of law finds a business liable for a customer's injuries resulting from a fall on the business's premises, the court may place a judgment lien on the business's property to ensure that the business compensates the customer for her/his injuries. The business doesn't want to take on the debt; instead, the court determines that the business owes the customer money and requires the business to pay the debt. The lien is an involuntary debt for the business.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owner's Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
4. B
Voluntary. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business (creditor). An individual or business that obtains a credit card from a financial institution or retailer is entering into a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship, which means that both the debtor and the creditor enter the relationship willingly and understand the risks and expectations regarding the extension and use of credit. Unintentional, customary, and implied are not types of debtor-creditor relationships.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Business Owner's Toolkit. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
5. D
Engaging in risky lending practices. The U.S. government enacted the Dodd-Frank Act in response to the financial crisis of 2008. During the crisis, many banks engaged in risky lending practices by extending mortgages to unqualified individuals and businesses who eventually defaulted on their loans. As a result, the government used taxpayers' money to bail out struggling banks. The act's overall provisions involve protecting consumers' rights by regulating and enforcing transparency and accountability in the financialservices industry and preventing financial-service businesses from engaging in risky business behavior. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent financial institutions from approving loans—it forces the businesses to tighten their approval processes, which includes careful consideration of all loan applicants' credit information. The legislation does not involve preventing financial institutions from selling financial products such as money market accounts.
SOURCE: BL:140
SOURCE: Rouse, M. (2016). Frank-Dodd Act. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://searchfinancialsecurity.techtarget.com/definition/Dodd-Frank-Act
6. C
Research the company. One of the SEC's recommendations to investors for protecting themselves is to research the company thoroughly. This sheds a great deal of light on the decision to invest in the company or not. Even a small or trial investment is not a good idea if the investment turns out to be a scam. Although many of your friends may be trustworthy, nothing is safer than research and independent verification. What you find on the Internet may or may not be legitimate.
SOURCE: BL:104
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2016). Saving and investing: a roadmap to your financial security through saving and investing. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/sec-guide-to-savings-and-investing.pdf
7. D
Insider trading. The president was selling the company's stock on the basis of information that had not been made public. This is an unlawful practice. A pyramid scheme is a fraudulent activity in which people recruit others to pay them for the chance to earn money from those below them in the hierarchy. With affinity fraud scams, the scammer appeals to members of groups to invest. Investors falsely believe they can trust the scammer, and they lose their investments. Phishing is an identity-theft scam in which people receive official-looking emails asking that they go to a website and provide sensitive, personal information such as their Social Security number, account numbers, etc. People follow the scammer's instructions and have their identities stolen.
SOURCE: BL:104
SOURCE: Bahree, M. (2008, June 2). Inside track: Reading tea leaves. Forbes Asia, 4(10), pp. 60-61.
8. C
Be honest, open, and trustworthy. While it is important for finance professionals to help their clients manage their finances and grow their wealth, it is also important that they earn their clients' trust. Finance professionals earn their clients' trust by behaving ethically and being honest and open. By doing so, finance professionals are more likely to build long-term relationships with their clients. Finance professionals must help clients set financial goals with which the clients are comfortable—some clients can or want to make risky investments, while others take a more conservative approach. Earning trust and helping clients meet their financial goals also involve ongoing, consistent, and frequent communication with clients. Requiring clients to sign a short-term contract will not always help finance professionals build long-term relationships with their clients.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: BlueShore Financial. (2002-2016). Ten traits of successful financial advisors. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from https://www.blueshorefinancial.com/ToolsAdvice/Articles/FinancialPlanning/TenTraitsOfSucc essfulFinancialAdvisors/
9. A
Jonathan, because his customers feel that they can trust him. Jonathan educates his customers about his products, explaining the positives as well as the negatives. By doing so, Jonathan presents himself as a truthful, trustworthy individual. Customers are much more likely to return to Jonathan and refer others to him because they see him as a person they can trust. There is no indication that Jonathan provides his customers with too much information. Hank is not likely to retain and grow his client base simply because he is optimistic. And, while customers appreciate an upbeat salesperson, they are likely to get angry with Hank if something goes wrong that Hank could have warned them about. Angry, displeased customers are unlikely to return to Hank or refer others to him in the future.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Cussen, M. (2016). 8 qualities that make a good insurance agent. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/1212/8-qualities-that-make-a-goodinsurance-agent.aspx
10. B
Equipment. Equipment is a capital good. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Water, oil, and soil are all natural resources. Natural resources are items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
11. B
A highway. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used in the production of goods and services. Highways enable producers to distribute goods to consumers. A pine forest and coal are examples of natural resources, items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services. A cashier is someone who works to produce goods and services, or a human resource.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
12. A
Choose not to make goods and services. Producers must receive enough income so that they are able to continue making or providing goods and services. If they decide that their incomes are inadequate, they may choose not to make goods and services, and production would cease. If their incomes are inadequate, producers probably would not buy more resources or continue to increase production. Resource owners, not producers, supply needed resources.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
13. A
The greatest satisfaction. All owners of resources try to obtain the greatest satisfaction from their limited resources. The process that is used in deciding which goods and services to purchase or provide so that the most satisfaction can be obtained is known as economizing. Economizing involves deciding how scarce resources will be used. Obtaining the most compensation, the greatest consumption, and the most efficiency may be factors in the economizing process depending on which resource is involved. However, the overriding goal is to obtain the greatest satisfaction.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
14. A
Customer buying habits. Buying habits can change quickly and for many unpredictable reasons; therefore, insurance companies will not assume risk coverage. The other alternatives are considered insurable risks which can be covered by various types of insurance policies.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
15. B
Transferring. Contractual agreements, such as warranties, are one way to transfer risks to another person or business. This option enables businesses to move forward with their decisions without bearing the risks involved. Marlon might not be able to afford to pay for a new oven if this one breaks, but because he's transferred the risk to the oven company, he knows they'll replace it if he has any problems. Avoiding risk is demonstrated by not taking a chance, as a risk not encountered presents no danger. Preventing or controlling a risk happens when a business takes measures to prevent or reduce the risk. Businesses retain a risk if they do nothing to reduce or eliminate it.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: EC LAP 3—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
16. B
Stable. Price stability means that price levels remain fairly constant. When prices are stable, they do not drastically fluctuate up or down. Price stability is one way to measure the condition of a country's economy. If prices are stable, the economy is also stable. Large upswings or downswings in prices indicate that the economy is not stable and may be depressed. Elastic is a form of demand for products in which changes in price correspond to changes in demand. Steady prices are not an indication that the economy is risky.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: EC LAP 28—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
17. D
It reduces output and can lead to layoffs. Deflation, or decreasing prices, causes businesses to lose money when they have to cut their prices to stay competitive. This reduces output and can lead to layoffs and even economic depression. Deflation discourages spending because people hold on to their money, knowing it will buy more later. Hyperinflation, not deflation, causes shortages of goods. Deflation lowers prices; it doesn't raise them.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: EC LAP 28—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
18. B
Reach an agreement. Negotiation is the process of reaching an agreement with another party. In any negotiation, one person or group attempts to get another person or group to agree to a certain course of action. People often negotiate to improve relationships, but not in all situations. Self-confidence is important for a successful negotiation; however, it is not the primary goal. Unrealistic expectations are not always a factor when people are in a negotiation.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
19. C
Deadline driven. The deadline-driven strategy involves one party giving the other party a time limit to take action. In the example, Claire gave her vendor a deadline—next Tuesday—to resolve a particular point. Good cop/Bad cop is a negotiating strategy that involves at least two people on one side of the negotiation; of the two people, one person is reasonable and agrees with the opposing party, while the other is unreasonable and disagrees with the opposing party. Limited authority is a negotiating strategy in which one person claims that s/he does not have the authority to make a decision and must consult another person who is not present during the negotiation process. Bargaining is a negotiating technique that involves giving one person something s/he wants, and receiving something desired in return, which involves compromising.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
20. A
Franchise. The requirements (e.g., time, money) that a person needs to start a business differ and usually depend on the nature of the business. For example, when a person opens a franchise, s/he usually purchases the right to operate under the parent company's name. This fee may run several hundred to several thousands of dollars. Depending on the nature of the business, the franchisee may be required to use certain vendors or purchase specific, expensive equipment. When a person incorporates a business, s/he establishes a corporation, or forms a company, using a specific legal structure. A foreign business opportunity occurs in another country. A brokerage is a type of firm that acts as an intermediary (agent) on behalf of a buyer.
SOURCE: EN:009
SOURCE: International Franchise Association. (2016). What is a franchise. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.franchise.org/what-is-a-franchise
21. C
The financial needs to start a new business depend on the nature of the venture. The requirements (e.g., time, money) that a person needs to start a business differ and usually depend on the nature of the business. For example, a person who starts a home-based consulting business does not require as much money for the start-up as a restaurant franchisee does. The franchisee needs to lease space or build a facility, purchase kitchen equipment, obtain supplies, hire employees, and pay franchise fees, which can be very expensive. A patent is legal protection that provides an owner the sole rights to an invention or process for a specific time period. Business owners do not always invent goods or processes, so not all of them need to obtain patent protection.
SOURCE: EN:009
SOURCE: International Franchise Association. (2016). What is a franchise. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.franchise.org/what-is-a-franchise
22. A
Adam is working 14 hours a day at his new company and is not spending time with friends. There are many types of risks when starting a new business. Because many new business owners focus their attention on their businesses, they often neglect relationships with family and friends. This is social risk because there is a possibility of losing personal relationships when people do not spend time together in social situations. Another type of risk is physical risk. This occurs when a new business owner is under stress and develops an illness or physical ailment, such as an ulcer. Obtaining a bank loan is a financial risk, while quitting a job may present a career risk.
SOURCE: EN:010
SOURCE: Loesch, B. (2012, April 3). 6 commonly overlooked risks when starting a new business. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.business2community.com/startups/6-commonlyoverlooked-risks-when-starting-a-new-business-0158188#acXl2uBTHM3aV2gM.97
23. B
Savings or checking account. Debit cards are a common method of payment for goods and services. Issued by financial institutions (e.g., banks), a cardholder or business employee simply scans the card into a machine when purchasing a product. The information is transmitted to the appropriate location, and the funds are electronically transferred from the cardholder's savings or checking account. An expense account is an arrangement between an employee and the employer in which the employee keeps track of business-related expenses and reports them to the employer for reimbursement. Interest is the money payments for the use of borrowed money. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2005). Personal finance (p. 162). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
24. C
Account balance requirement. Financial institutions often require customers to maintain a certain amount of money in their bank accounts. The account holder may be charged fees if the minimal account balance requirements are not met. Direct payroll deposit, overdraft protection, and online transaction options are benefits or services that many types of checking-account products offer that customers may need to pay fees to obtain.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 155-156, 158]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
25. B
Rent. Income is the money resource owners receive for supplying goods and services. As a resource owner, Lisa is supplying office space and receiving rent payments from the sole proprietor, so she is receiving income. A salary is a form of income that is money payment for labor. A dividend is the sum of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment. Interest is the money payment for the use of borrowed money.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Bankrate.com. (2016). Funding retirement with rental income. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.bankrate.com/finance/retirement/funding-retirement-with-rental-income1.aspx
26. B
Wages. A common source of income is the money a person earns for work that s/he performs. This source of income is a worker's wages. Businesses usually pay their employees at regular intervals, such as every week or every other week. In many situations, the businesses will deposit the employee's wages in their savings or checking accounts rather than pay them by check. Rent, interest, and dividends are other sources of income that are not associated with the work that an employee performs.
SOURCE: FI:061
SOURCE: Payroll-Taxes.com. (2016). What are wages? Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.payroll-taxes.com/glossary/wages
27. B
The time value of money. The term "time value of money" refers to the increase of an amount of money as a result of interest or dividends earned. A basic illustration of the time value of money is money and the interest it earns in a savings account. Principal is the deposited amount, which is not modified. Opportunity cost is what you have to give up when you make a choice. In this case, the opportunity cost of depositing $100 is spending it on something else. Inflation has a negative impact on the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's edition (p. 266). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
28. A
Sales finance companies. After a sales finance company buys borrowers' contracts from sellers, the borrowers make their payments to the sales finance company. The sales finance company retains a legal interest in the items purchased until all payments are completed. Commercial banks are full-service financial institutions that offer checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards. Savings and loan associations are financial institutions that offer savings accounts and make loans to borrowers. Many of their loans are for real estate purchases. Credit unions are financial cooperatives set up to provide savings and credit services to their members.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
29. A
Higher prices. Businesses that offer credit to their customers usually charge higher prices for their goods and services than those that do not. This change in the pricing element of the marketing mix helps businesses recover the costs of extending credit. Interest rates are fees the lender charges the borrower for the use of the money. Annual fees are yearly fees charged for the privilege of using a bank credit card. Finance charges are interest charges on credit accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. They are usually a percentage of the total amount due.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: FI LAP 2—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
30. B
File a judicial lien. A lien is a legal claim to an item of property that protects the seller if the buyer does not complete his/her payments. If a debtor does not make payments as promised, the lender can take legal action to obtain the debtor's assets or items of collateral, such as a home, car, etc. The debtor, rather than the lender, may need to liquidate assets to fulfill her/his legal obligation to the lender. If the debtor doesn't have any assets, s/he may need to file for bankruptcy. Defamation involves writing or saying something that damages an individual's or an organization's reputation.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: USLegal.com. (2001-2016). Judicial lien law & legal definition. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://definitions.uslegal.com/j/judicial-lien/
31. A
Health. Individuals purchase different types of insurance to protect their financial well-being. Obtaining healthcare insurance through your employer can offset medical and dental costs, which have been substantially increasing over the past several years. Because businesses usually obtain lower rates for groups of employees, it is usually more cost effective to purchase healthcare insurance through employers rather than through independent agencies. An individual purchases life insurance to protect others (e.g., family members) from financial losses related to his/her death. An individual purchases liability insurance to cover costs associated with others' potential property losses or injuries due to negligence on the part of the insurance owner. Homeowners insurance covers losses associated with the theft or damage of household belongings.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 343-345]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
32. B
Saving enough money to retire in 10 years. Financial goals are objectives that individuals want to achieve. Individuals often set financial goals based on a time factor because they have a need that they want to satisfy. In this situation, retiring in 10 years is the need that can be satisfied by saving money every month. Making a will to distribute personal assets, reviewing various health insurance options, and obtaining a credit card for emergencies are not examples of financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 2-4]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
33. C
Saving money for unexpected situations. Financial goals are objectives measured in terms of money. Setting financial goals involves financial planning, which is the determination of how to achieve the financial goals. An important aspect of financial planning involves saving money for unexpected situations. Saving money for unexpected situations provides you with funds to pay your bills if you are unable to earn an income for some reason, such as job loss or illness. Obtaining and using several credit cards is problematic if you cannot pay the balances due in a timely manner. The level of investment risk depends on many factors including the individual's comfort level with risk, income level, and age. Financial goals should be specific rather than broad.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)
34. B
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the short-term, say next year, and then in the long-term, or about five years from now. Then she should look at her income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to reach her financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Bard, E.M., McKinney, C., Hudson, N., & Johnson, D. (2009) Manage your money; Lesson 5: Develop your budget. Retrieved August 16, 2013, from http://ohioline.osu.edu/mym/MYM_Lesson5.pdf
35. D
To increase wealth. Many businesses have cash remaining after all of the expenses have been paid. As a result, they often invest these funds to increase the wealth of the business. For example, a business that invests $5,000 in a stock that appreciates 8% in value in a year, then has an asset worth $5,400. As the business continues to invest, its wealth continues to increase. Stock is a type of investment in which shareholders receive dividends. Businesses do not make investments to balance cash or monitor markets.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 14, 102). South-Western Cengage Learning.
36. A
Mortgage. Personal liabilities are any debts that an individual owes. A mortgage is a loan used to purchase real estate. A person who takes out a mortgage owes a certain amount to the lender that must be paid back over time. Therefore, a mortgage is a personal liability. A vacation home, mutual funds, and treasury bills are all examples of personal assets, which are anything of value that a person owns that can be converted into cash.
SOURCE: FI:562
SOURCE: Folger, J. (2016). The complete guide to calculating your net worth: calculating your net worth. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/calculatenet-worth/net-worth-calculations.asp
37. D
Payroll deductions. Payroll deductions are monies that an employer withholds from an employee's gross earnings. A large portion of the deductions is the various income taxes, which the employer pays to the government on behalf of the employee. Other deductions might include health insurance premiums, voluntary savings, and child-support payments. Gross earnings are the employee's wages before the deductions are calculated. Net pay is the amount the employee receives in his/her paycheck after the deductions have been subtracted from the gross earnings. Credit expenses are loan balances on credit cards.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2016). Payroll deduction. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/payroll-deduction.html
38. C
Reconciling your checking account. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank statement that details your checking account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter transactions in your checkbook register, you may overdraft your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When you compare your bank statement with your checkbook register, you are not managing your mutual funds, reviewing credit card balances, or endorsing your paycheck.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 158-159]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
39. C
Deposits and credits. A bank statement is a summary of all transactions that occur for a certain period of time, usually one month. The bank statement will indicate the day, amount, and transaction type on the statement. The account holder compares the bank statement with his/her checkbook to determine problems or discrepancies. Ian's employer is electronically putting his paycheck into his account; therefore, the amount will be recorded as a deposit (credit) since money is being added to the account on Ian's behalf. The withdrawals and debits column on the bank statement records all of Ian's withdrawals (debits). Ian's bills are located in this column—rent, car payment, groceries, etc.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Campbell, S.R. (2010). Foundations of personal finance: Teacher's edition (p. 193). Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox Company.
40. B
The wise use of credit. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals can purchase now and pay later. Many individuals have credit cards because the cards allow them to pay for purchases without using cash. Then, they receive statements on a monthly basis indicating the amount due. If individuals charge only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month, they are using credit wisely. By paying in full, they avoid interest charges which may be high and significantly increase the cost of the purchases. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month will not necessarily help individuals save money for the future. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month is not a way to avoid identity theft or an example of making a cash transaction.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Money Management International. (2016). How to: avoid credit card debt - use credit wisely. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from https://www.moneymanagement.org/budgeting-tools/creditarticles/loans-and-debt/how-to-avoid-credit-card-debt-use-credit-wisely.aspx
41. D
Manage your spending. When you have one or two credit cards, it is easier to manage your spending because you have a limited amount of purchases that you can place on each card. With fewer cards, it is easier to track your purchases and this may enable you to pay more than the minimum amount due on each card, which helps you to reduce your debt more quickly. Having one or two credit cards may not enable you to buy everything that you want, but it can help you prioritize your needs and wants so you don't overspend. The credit card service provider establishes the policies for transaction fees and credit limits, regardless of the number of credit cards that you hold.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Queen, K., & Bell, K. (2016). 10 worst credit card mistakes. Retrieved August 22, 2016, from http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/worst-credit-card-mistakes-6000.php
42. B
Validating credit history. If Eric had not checked his credit score, he would not have known that the credit bureaus mishandled his report. This example shows one of the steps for buying a house, but it is not an example of the importance of buying a house. Paying rent on time is one way to develop good credit; neither are truly illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: GettingaCreditCard.com. (2006-2016). Common practice of very responsible credit card users. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article12.shtml
43. C
Information in your credit report can impact how much you pay to borrow money. Many financial advisors recommend that you validate your financial credit history annually for several reasons. First of all, information in your credit report can impact whether you get a loan as well as how much you pay to borrow money. Secondly, you should review your credit report annually to ensure that information that appears in the report is correct, complete, and current. Thirdly, by reviewing your credit report, you can ensure that you are not the victim of identity theft. Your financial credit history does not impact your return on stock investment nor appear in your social networking profiles. Although many employers review your financial credit report before hiring you, most universities do not review your credit history before accepting you as a student.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2014, March). How to dispute credit report errors. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/credit/cre21.shtm
44. A
Shred or tear up important financial documents. To prevent identity thieves from getting your personal information, you should always shred or tear up important financial documents before you dispose of them. These documents might include credit card statements, credit offers, expired credit cards, bank statements, etc. You should review your credit report at least once a year (not every five years) to verify your accounts and account balances. While paying the entire balance on your credit cards monthly and insisting on a fixed-rate loan when borrowing money are wise financial decisions, they do not necessarily prevent identity thieves from getting your personal information.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 193-195]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
45. A
Identity theft. Identity theft occurs when an individual obtains and uses another person's information (e.g., credit cards) without that person's consent. It is important for people to monitor their bank and credit card accounts on a regular basis, and financial institutions are implementing internal policies to help flag possible identity-theft activities. Banks and credit card companies send email and text messages under certain conditions to alert their customers of possible fraudulent activities. For example, financial institutions notify customers when their systems detect sizable ATM withdrawals or charges are made to credit cards over a certain amount of money. Although these actions detect fraud after it occurs, it allows customers time to freeze their accounts to prevent further activity. Loan fraud involves lying on loan applications to obtain loans. Money laundering is the process of creating the appearance that money obtained from criminal activities came from acceptable or legal sources. Firewall applications are designed to protect the organization's computer systems from external hacking activities.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: Tugend, A. (2012, February 10). Preventing identity theft without paying monthly fees. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/11/your-money/identitytheft/identity-theft-prevention-can-be-cheap-and-easy.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0
46. B
Refund. Because Kate had too much income tax taken out of her wages, she is eligible for a tax refund check, which is issued by the government upon receipt of Kate's completed tax return. The government does not issue a deduction, due bill, or reference when income tax is overpaid.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Tax refund. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/tax-refund.asp
47. C
An itemized deduction. The government allows taxpayers to itemize or list certain expenses on their tax returns to reduce the amount of taxable income. These expenses include charitable donations, a percentage of medical expenses, business expenses, and interest paid on some types of loans. Investment earnings, such as dividend payments, are taxable income. The federal government does not tax certain types of investments, such as municipal bonds.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 106-108]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
48. A
Set aside two times a month to pay bills. By establishing a schedule for bill paying, you can help yourself pay your bills on time. Generally, paying bills at the middle and the end of each month is an effective schedule to follow. Paying bills as soon as they arrive results in lost interest that could be earned on your money. Many businesses offer customers the option of having the amount of their monthly bills directly deposited into the businesses' accounts rather than the businesses making deposits into customer accounts. Notifying businesses that you will be late making your payments will not keep the businesses from charging late fees on your bills.
SOURCE: FI:565
SOURCE: eHow. (1999-2016). How to pay monthly bills on time. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.ehow.com/how_519_pay-monthly-bills.html
49. D
Full-service. Full-service brokers usually charge the highest commissions because they provide in-house research and personalized investment guidance. Discount brokers have lower commissions, and online brokers often have even lower commissions than discount brokers. All of these types of brokers trade stocks.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Little, K. (2016, February 26). Choosing a broker. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/choosing-a-broker-3140815
50. D
Credit union. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members, who own the credit union. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities, and facilitates mergers. Brokers trade stocks. Full-service brokers usually charge the highest commissions because they provide in-house research and personalized investment guidance. Because discount brokers offer fewer services than full-service brokers, they have lower commissions.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Prichard, J. (July 5, 2016). Credit unions-Overview of credit unions. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://banking.about.com/od/creditunions/a/creditunions.htm
51. D
Run a background check. When shopping for an investment broker, you should always run a background check. You're entrusting your money and your financial future to this person, so it's important to make sure s/he deserves that trust. It's not necessary to disclose to a potential broker how much money you have to invest. Certain brokers are more suited to certain investors—what works for your parents will not necessarily work for you. You may want to read the broker's advertisements, but advertisements don't tell the whole story. A background check will provide much more useful information.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: SEC. (2016). Protect your money: Check out brokers and investment advisers. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.sec.gov/investor/brokers.htm
52. C
How are your fees structured? Because financial planners are compensated in different ways, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider. Some financial planners charge a flat fee, while others base their fees on the number and size of transactions. Some financial planners charge for research and consulting time. Therefore, it is important to ask financial planners about their fee structures, so investors can determine if they can afford the fees. A financial planner may provide references for a potential client, but the potential client does not generally need to provide the financial planner with references. It is inappropriate to ask the financial planner about his/her personal income. Where the financial planner attended school is irrelevant.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Shin, L. (2013, May 9). 10 questions to ask when choosing a financial advisor. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/laurashin/2013/05/09/10-questions-toask-when-choosing-a-financial-advisor/#17d543cb7d9d
53. B
Short-term time horizon. A short-term time horizon means you are investing for a goal you want to reach in less than five years; if you are investing for a three-year goal, you are on a short-term time horizon. An intermediate-term time horizon is 5 to 15 years, and a long-term time horizon is longer than 15 years. Risk-tolerant time horizon is not a term that is used in investing.
SOURCE: FI:279
SOURCE: Smith, L. (2016). Using time horizons in investing. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/110813/using-time-horizons-investing.asp
54. A
To determine intrinsic value. A fundamental analysis is the study of all aspects of a company: the way it makes money, products, position in the industry, sales, earnings, etc. The purpose of conducting a fundamental analysis is to determine the intrinsic value of a business before recommending it as an investment to clients. Financial advisors want to find out if the business is performing well now, which is an indication of possible performance in the future. By determining the value of a business, financial advisors will know if it is a good investment. Financial advisors do not conduct a fundamental analysis of a business to negotiate a fair price or calculate a commission rate. Although they might prepare a written report to provide clients, that is not the reason for conducting the analysis.
SOURCE: FI:280
SOURCE: McClure, B. (2016). Introduction to fundamental analysis. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/fundamentalanalysis/
55. B
An intangible asset. Book value is what the company is worth from an accounting point of view, so it does not include intangible assets such as brands, patents, or human capital. It does include hard assets such as property and equipment. Stockholders' equity is another name for book value.
SOURCE: FI:280
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Intangible asset. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/intangibleasset.asp
56. B
Capital appreciation. Investing in growth stocks is an appealing strategy because instead of paying dividends, growth companies tend to reinvest profit, thereby building wealth for investors through capital appreciation. Growth companies typically do not provide a regular fixed income, such as a paid dividend. Investing in growth stocks is a long-term strategy that does not mean buy low and sell high.
SOURCE: FI:283
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Growth stock. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/growthstock.asp
57. D
Dollar-cost averaging. Dollar-cost averaging involves putting a predetermined amount of money into an investment on a regular basis, such as quarterly or monthly. The effect is that you buy more shares when prices are low and fewer shares when prices are high. This keeps investors from worrying about purchase timing. Diversification involves determining a mix of total investment—minimizing the effect of a single losing investment. An investment portfolio is diversified by type of stock, by sector/industry, and by cap size. Growth stocks appreciate steadily over time, carry moderate-to-high risk, and bring a moderateto-high return. Value stocks are trading at a lower price than their fundamentals indicate they should be.
SOURCE: FI:283
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Dollar-cost averaging. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dollarcostaveraging.asp
58. B
Companies are required to file it for the first three quarters of the fiscal year. Companies are required to file 10-Qs for the first three quarters of the fiscal year. Form 8-Ks must be filed within 15 days of a significant event. The 8-K is an important form because it alerts investors to events that might affect a company's fundamental value; it describes changes in management, products, acquisitions, or legal actions.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). 8-K. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/1/8-k.asp
59. A
Investors have reacted to news about the company. A higher-than-usual sales volume might mean that investors have heard something about the company that they feel could affect the stock price. Receiving dividends or thoughts about the yield percentage or PE are not usually factors that would lead to a day's abnormal sales volume.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Yahoo.com. (2016). Learn the basics about stocks. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://finance.yahoo.com/education/stocks?bypass=true
60. D
Net change. The net change, which is commonly identified on stock tables, indicates the difference between the stock's closing price and the previous day's closing price. The ticker symbol is a system of letters that uniquely identifies a company. It is often based on the company name. The price-earnings ratio is determined by dividing the share price of the stock by the earnings per share. The price-earnings ratio is a common heading on stock tables. The 52-week high and low are the highest and lowest prices paid for the stock during the past year.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Net change. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/n/netchange.asp
61. C
Bonds. A lending investment is one in which a lender allows a borrower to use his/her money during a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest. A bond is a type of lending investment in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Homes, antiques, and stocks are ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 204). South-Western Cengage Learning.
62. C
Goals. The three factors that determine an investor's risk tolerance are goals, time frame, and personality. Social status, banking institution, and income do not necessarily influence how much risk an investor should take.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. A
A 401(k) is a type of defined-contribution retirement plan. If an employee has a defined-contribution plan, s/he and his/her employer contribute toward the employee's retirement plan. Unlike a defined-benefit retirement plan, an employee isn't guaranteed a certain amount at retirement. In some cases, employees can access their own contributions to their retirement plans prior to retiring, although there are some restrictions. Employees do not immediately have access to their employer's contributions. Retirement plans are necessary for younger employees as well as older ones—the sooner a person starts saving, the better off s/he'll be when it comes time for retirement. Employers are not legally required to offer retirement plans for employees.
SOURCE: FI:569
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.). What you should know about your retirement plan. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.dol.gov/ebsa/publications/wyskapr.html
64. C
Whether or not the investment supports one's financial goals. When choosing investments, the most important factor to consider is whether or not the investment supports your financial goals. Don't focus on short-term profitability because long-term profitability is not always affected by short-term changes. Although investors (as shareholders) can influence a company's decisions to a certain extent, their influence is not the most important factor to consider when selecting investments. Also, it's not as important to look for an investment that pays an annual dividend as it is to determine if the investment supports your financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:284
SOURCE: Budgeting Income. (2013). Factors to consider before investing. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.budgetingincome.com/factors-to-consider-before-investing/
65. C
Life insurance. Life insurance has become an important investment for many people. Often, large settlements are disbursed to beneficiaries, such as dependent children, after a person passes away. Many financial institutions offer this service with the sole purpose of providing financial assistance in repaying mortgages, loans, debts, or death benefits. Although other financial services such as securities will produce revenue, they often involve a higher level of risk. Business investments provide long-term financial growth but take time to turn into cash. Like business investments, real estate purchases often are lucrative, but take time to liquidate.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Life insurance. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/lifeinsurance.asp
66. D
Protects against financial loss. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). For example, a company that loses its inventory and equipment in a fire can file a claim with its property insurance carrier to obtain money to purchase new inventory and equipment if the policy premiums are up to date and the policy covers such losses. Insurance does not necessarily reduce a business's security needs, lower personal tax obligation, or enhance economic utility.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 680]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
67. A
Rate-card price. If Tom believes he was billed incorrectly for an ad, he can compare the magazine's invoice with its rate card. A rate card is a price list that provides advertising placement rates and other relevant information. A magazine rate card usually includes pricing information for advertisements based on ad size, color, and placement location within the magazine. Other rate-card information might include format specifications, artwork due dates, publication dates, and applicable discounts. Media vehicles do not publish their rates on a retainer price list or a media-packet cover. Secondary circulation refers to the number of pass-along readers of a publication who do not purchase the publication.
SOURCE: FI:327
SOURCE: Marketingterms.com. (2016). Rate card. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.marketingterms.com/dictionary/rate_card/
68. B
Time factor. The goal of most investors is to increase the value of money. An important consideration is the time factor, or the length of time that the money will be invested. As a rule, the value of money increases more the longer the money remains invested. For example, a $2,000 investment at 5% interest per year will have a value of $25,156 in five years. However, at the end of 40 years, that same investment will have a value of $241,600. The exchange rate involves the value of one country's currency in relation to another country's currency. Cash flow is the money going into and coming out of a business. A credit report is not a factor to consider when calculating the value of money.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Becker, M. (2015, February 3). The five most important factors for your investment success. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.thesimpledollar.com/five-most-important-factorsfor-investment-success/
69. A
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy is the last-resort action for poor credit. Late payments, liens, and collection agency reports all appear on a credit report, but none have as negative of an impact as bankruptcy.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Griffin, R. (2014, August 7). Bankruptcy may prevent qualifying for a credit card. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.experian.com/blogs/ask-experian/bankruptcy-credit-card/
70. C
Contact the institution that loaned him money for the car. Financial institutions will often assist borrowers by creating more manageable payment options. It is in the institution's best interest that the borrower pays back the loan in some manner. Doing nothing costs him more in interest and charges, and may also decrease his credit score. Charging the payment to his credit card simply moves a debt to another lender, and oftentimes one that charges higher interest than the original lender. Shuffling payments will not solve the problem in the long term. Bankruptcy is the last resort for those who cannot pay their bills. It should only be pursued after other options (such as restructured payment plans) have been explored.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2016). Coping with debt. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0150-coping-debt
71. C
Living trust. A living trust is a legal arrangement that can serve as an alternative to a will. It transfers control of a living person's assets to a trustee. Upon death, the assets are transferred to the beneficiary without going through probate. This saves considerable time and expense. A living will is a legal document that outlines a person's wishes for medical treatment under specific circumstances. A will provides details of how an estate should be handled upon death, but does not avoid probate. A power of attorney assigns someone the right to act on another's behalf.
SOURCE: FI:572
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (2016). What is a living trust? Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/what-is-a-living-trust.html
72. B
Lower. APR stands for annual percentage rate, which represents the amount of interest on your total loan that you'll pay annually. It takes into account the interest rates, the length of the loan agreement, and other fees or charges. If you have a lower APR, your monthly payments will be lower. A higher APR means higher monthly payments. Whether or not monthly payments are stable or fluctuating depends on whether or not the interest rate is fixed or adjustable.
SOURCE: FI:625
SOURCE: U.S. Bank. (2016). What is the APR on a mortgage? Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.usbank.com/home-loans/mortgage/what-is-mortgage-apr.aspx
73. A
Useful. Not all information is useful to businesses. Therefore, businesses evaluate the quality and source of the information they obtain to make sure it is useful. For it to be useful, information must be accurate and relevant to the situation or problem being addressed. Businesses do not evaluate the quality and source of the information they obtain to make sure it is scientific, technical, or random.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2016). Evaluating sources: overview. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/553/01/
74. B
Were written by authors who are reputable. When evaluating a source, it's important to make sure that the author is reputable, credible, and respected. Sources that are emotional instead of objective should be avoided. Propaganda is not considered a reputable source. Sources that are no more than twenty years old may or may not be reliable, depending on the subject.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Driscoll, D.L., & Brizee, A. (2013, February 13). Evaluation during reading. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/553/03/
75. D
Compensation for the loss. Policyholders file insurance claims because they have incurred some type of loss that is covered by the type of insurance they have. The purpose of filing an insurance claim is to obtain compensation for that loss. For example, a business that has property insurance is damaged during a tornado. The business files a claim to be compensated for the damage so it can make repairs to the property. The purpose of filing an insurance claim is not to obtain discounts on the deductible, dividends on the investment, or profit from the premium.
SOURCE: OP:188
SOURCE: FBI. (2016). Insurance fraud. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.fbi.gov/statsservices/publications/insurance-fraud
76. B
Overestimates the amount of loss. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. If a business deliberately overestimates the amount of loss in an attempt to receive a larger settlement, it might be involved in insurance fraud. The business is trying to obtain compensation for a loss it did not incur. A business is not involved in insurance fraud if it attempts to reduce the coverage, calculates the value of property, or limits its scope of liability.
SOURCE: OP:187
SOURCE: FBI. (2016). Insurance fraud. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.fbi.gov/statsservices/publications/insurance-fraud
77. B
Keep at it. People need perseverance, the ability to keep at something until it is finished, in order to achieve goals. The major reason most people fail to reach their goals is that they give up too soon. Recording progress, listing mistakes, and telling others are earlier steps in achieving a goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
78. D
You will waste a lot of time and effort. Without goals, you may put out a lot of time and effort without getting ahead. Many people are unsuccessful simply because they haven't set goals for themselves. Setting goals focuses your efforts in one direction and gives you a way to measure your progress. Failing to set goals does not make you highly flexible.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
79. B
Logic. Logic is a way to make sense of the facts—apart from personal or outside influence. The way information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others—not the way it is presented. Style is the method for including others in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
80. C
Aptitude test. An aptitude test measures what a person is capable of doing and what s/he might be capable of doing with additional training or education. Interest surveys measure interest in various occupations. Intelligence tests measure current knowledge. Personality tests measure personality traits.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Aptitude test. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/aptitude-test.asp
81. A
Considering your aptitudes will make achieving your career goals realistic. An aptitude is your potential for learning a skill. It is similar to having a knack for something. Pursuing a career in an area that comes naturally to you will make it more realistic to achieve your career goals. Though matching aptitudes to a career is likely to lead to career success and satisfaction, it does not consider income. Aptitudes are neither positive nor negative. Each person has a different set of aptitudes. Time spent in college is not necessarily affected by aptitude. As an example, although a person has an aptitude for medicine, s/he must still complete college and medical school.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: McKay, D. (2016, September 24). What is aptitude? Retrieved September 30, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-aptitude-526175
82. C
Nonprofit institutions. Nonprofit institutions are businesses and organizations whose intent is to make enough money to support their mission. They are in business to help others rather than to reward stockholders, investors, or owners. They usually provide stable employment opportunities because they are well established and do not have to make a profit to continue to exist. Partnerships, corporations, and sole proprietorships are in business to earn a profit and pay stockholders, investors, and owners.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
83. B
Computer. Today, most businesses expect employees to have at least basic computer skills because many business functions and activities involve the use of computers. Businesses communicate with employees, customers, and vendors by email. Many businesses have websites and offer online ordering. As a result, most employees need to know how to use a computer even if only to send an email or to access a competitor's website. Accounting, management, and legal skills are more specialized. Therefore, most employees are not expected to have these skills.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go For It! (Careers in Business)
84. C
Salary requirements. Some employment applications ask you to indicate your salary expectations or requirements. This type of information is better to discuss in person because the wage you are willing to accept may depend on other factors such as paid benefits, vacation time, tuition reimbursement, etc. It is acceptable to write "open" or "negotiable" in this section, which will give you the opportunity to find out more about the position in an interview before making salary decisions. Information that you should routinely provide in an employment application includes your job expectations, personal references, and any special qualifications you may have.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: Salisbury University. (2014). Disclosing salary requirements/history. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.salisbury.edu/careerservices/students/coverletters/Salary/
85. C
Your work experiences that relate to the job opening. The letter of application is intended to provide information about the job applicant so that the reader understands how the applicant is qualified for a specific job opening. It should stress the applicant's strengths so that the reader knows the person's qualifications and feels positively about them. Negative subjects, such as frequent job changes, should be avoided. References should be cited in the resume. Only relevant information should be presented in the letter of application. The ages of the applicant's children are not considered relevant for most job openings.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2016). A job seeker's guide to successfully completing job applications. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.livecareer.com/quintessential/job-applications
86. D
A résumé is attached. The purpose of writing a letter of application is to indicate the job being applied for and the individual's interest in and qualifications for the job. Since the letter should be brief, it is important to attach a résumé that more fully explains the applicant's education and previous work experience. However, the letter should state that a résumé is attached so the business will know to look for the résumé and to read it to obtain additional information about the applicant. It is not important for individuals to state that they have many references, that a friend works for the business, or that they are in need of a job when writing a letter of application.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2016, August 10). How to write a cover letter. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-write-a-cover-letter-2060169
87. B
Education. Employers want information about an applicant's educational background and work experience to determine the applicant's qualifications for a position. Marital status and date of birth are personal information that an applicant can include if desired, but they are not required. A list of references can be presented to the employer at the time of the job interview.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (2014, December 1). Resume writing. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/resumewriting/
88. B
Relevant volunteer experience. Don't limit yourself to including just work or school experience on your résumé. If you learned relevant skills while volunteering, let your potential employers know! It's important to remember that you don't have to include everything about your life on your résumé. In fact, there's some information you should definitely leave out. While honesty is always the best policy, you shouldn't mention why you left a previous job on your résumé. Save that information for your interview (if the interviewer asks). Don't disclose your salary expectations, either. If an employer wants to know your salary expectations, s/he will ask for them. Otherwise, giving a number that's either too high or too low could take you out of the running. You shouldn't list your personal references on a résumé because employers usually only end up calling your references if you've advanced in the interview process. An interviewer will ask to see your references if s/he needs them. It's also important to show respect for your references and only give out their contact information when it's absolutely necessary.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Goodwill.org. (2016). How to include volunteer experience on your resume. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.goodwill.org/blog/career-and-financial-advice/how-to-includevolunteer-experience-on-your-resume/
89. B
Line of credit. A line of credit is a type of short-term loan that banks often provide to businesses. For example, a business might need to borrow funds for a short period of time until it collects its accounts receivable. When that money is received, the business repays the bank. In most cases, a business establishes a line of credit with a bank in advance so it knows it will have funds available when needed. A mortgage is a loan for property. An installment loan usually is long term rather than for a short period of time. A certificate of deposit is a type of investment.
SOURCE: PD:154
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Line of credit. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/lineofcredit.asp
90. A
Financing. The purpose of loan products is to provide short-term or long-term financing. There are various types of loan products depending on the need. For example, a business might obtain a shortterm loan to cover expenses during the off season. Or, it might obtain a long-term loan to build a new facility and expand. The loans provide the financing, or money, needed to meet those needs. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower that is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Income is money received by resource owners and by producers for supplying goods and services to consumers. Interest is money payments for the use of borrowed money.
SOURCE: PD:155
SOURCE: Curtis, G. (2016). Different needs, different loans. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/07/loan_types.asp
91. A
All of the trades made on a particular stock. The role of specialists is to maintain a fair and orderly market for the security they trade. They are not responsible for keeping a stock's price high or low, nor do they trade solely on the behalf of institutional investors.
SOURCE: PD:236
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Specialist. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/specialist.asp
92. A
Limit. A limit order sets the highest or lowest price at which one is willing to buy or sell. In this example, Maggie is willing to buy only at a certain low price; she is limiting the order. A market order is an order to buy or sell immediately at the best available price. A stop order, also called a stop-loss order, is an order to sell a stock if the price drops to a certain level. Trade order is not a term used to describe securities trading.
SOURCE: PD:236
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016). Limit order. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/limitorder.asp
93. D
Food and Drug Administration. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) administers laws that apply to foods, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. The agency covers such areas as product development, packaging, advertising, and labeling. The Better Business Bureau is not a government agency but an organization to which consumers can report unethical business practices they encounter. The Small Business Administration is a federal agency established to assist small businesses through counseling, advocacy, loans, etc. The Interstate Commerce Commission regulates transportation between states.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: PP LAP 7—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
94. B
Participating in brand licensing. Brand licensing is the legal authorization by a brand owner to allow another company to use the brand in exchange for a fee. It is not a consumer-protection measure. All of the other alternatives are ways businesses try to protect consumers.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: PP LAP 7—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
95. D
Gap. The purpose of gap insurance is to cover the difference between the amount of money an insurance provider will pay for a totaled car and the remaining amount owed on the vehicle. Because the value of a vehicle depreciates quickly, the insurance provider may pay the depreciated value rather than the purchase price of the vehicle. As in Joseph's situation, this can be very costly if a large amount of money is still owed on an unusable vehicle. Comprehensive insurance pays for vehicle repairs that result from situations such as fire, hail, vandalism, and theft. Uninsured motorist insurance pays for costs associated with driver and passenger injuries and/or vehicle damages that are caused by uninsured, underinsured, or hit-and-run drivers. Adaptable is not a type of insurance.
SOURCE: SE:406
SOURCE: Steinisch, M. (2016). Gap insurance for your car: do you need it? Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/gap-insurance-car-do-you-30132.html
96. B
HMOs provide comprehensive health services but often restrict the insured's choice of physicians. A health maintenance organization (HMO) provides comprehensive healthcare services to its members for a fixed fee, which is usually paid on a monthly basis. HMOs do not base members' fees on the frequency of their visits to the doctor. Some HMO services require small co-payments for standard medical services, but not all do. To control costs, HMOs usually restrict the insured's choice of physicians to those who are within the HMO network. Some HMOs allow members to obtain medical services outside the network, but members who choose out-of-network physicians often encounter much higher deductibles and co-payments. Because HMOs provide comprehensive services, members' fees cover services such as doctor's visits, hospitalization, and X-ray and laboratory services.
SOURCE: SE:412
SOURCE: Medicare.gov. (2016) Health maintenance organization plan. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.medicare.gov/sign-up-change-plans/medicare-health-plans/medicareadvantage-plans/hmo-plans.html
97. D
Optional-perils endorsements. Some homeowners live in areas that are prone to earthquakes or floods. Because basic homeowner insurance policies do not cover these types of incidents, insurance agents might encourage clients living in high-risk areas to purchase optional-perils endorsements. Optionalperils endorsements (riders) are provisions that clients can add to their basic homeowner insurance policies to increase their protection from losses associated with certain risks, such as earthquakes and floods. Rental unit coverage is a provision that covers a dwelling that an owner rents to others for certain timeframes, such as a condominium that is located in a resort or recreational area and is rented by vacationers. Term insurance is a type of life insurance that provides financial protection to the insured's beneficiaries for a certain timeframe. Assisted-living insurance is an insurance rider that protects the personal property of a family member who is placed in a care facility, such as a nursing home.
SOURCE: SE:407
SOURCE: Araujo, M. (2016, August 13). Homeowners insurance peril. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from https://www.thebalance.com/homeowners-insurance-peril-2645726
98. A
Accumulates cash value over time. Life insurance is a contract between a policyholder and an insurance carrier and states that the insurance carrier will provide the beneficiary of the insured with a certain amount of money upon the insured's death. A policyholder who purchases a whole-life insurance policy pays a level premium at specific intervals for the insured's entire life from the time of purchase. There are no time limits (e.g., 25 years) on insurance coverage for whole-life insurance policies. Coverage continues as long as the premiums are being paid. Because the whole life insurance policy accumulates cash, money can be borrowed or withdrawn from the cash value of the policy, if certain criteria are met. After the insured's death, the policy's beneficiary may use some of the money to cover the insured's burial expenses. Premium amounts for whole-life insurance vary by policy and do not need to be paid on an annual basis. The premiums are paid according to the terms of the contract, which are usually monthly, quarterly, or annually.
SOURCE: SE:419
SOURCE: Buck, K., Doyle, R., & Leimberg, S. (2014, September 15). 10 things to know about whole life insurance. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.lifehealthpro.com/2014/09/15/10things-to-know-about-whole-life-insurance
99. B
Investors. A business plan is a set of procedures or strategies that outlines how a person plans to take an idea and turn it into an organized effort to produce and/or distribute goods and services. Some people who start businesses do not have enough money to start out, so they seek financial assistance through lenders (e.g., banks) or private investors. The investors usually want to see a detailed business plan before investing money into a venture. A business owner does not distribute his/her business plan to competitors, clients, or promoters to obtain financial support.
SOURCE: SM:007
SOURCE: Forbes.com. (2013, February 13). 5 steps to finding investors for your startup. Retrieved August 23, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/dailymuse/2013/02/13/5-steps-to-findinginvestors-for-your-start-up/#1cf4b85923a5
100. A
Prepare for an expansion. A company that hopes to expand its product line, office space, or workforce can prepare for the change by planning ahead. Building a new facility is certainly an expansion that warrants a business plan. Writing a business plan forces the company to analyze the effectiveness of new products or promotions. If business owners want to sell the company, they can use the process of writing a business plan to help them set a value. To snag a valuable client account, companies can write a business plan that describes how successful they intend to be.
SOURCE: SM:007
SOURCE: SM LAP 7—Plan Now, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)
Test 1166
Personal Financial Literacy Exam
1. B
Whenever someone promises to do something in exchange for something. This exchange of money, things, time, ideas, etc., is what distinguishes a contract from a gift. Promising to give something to someone else is not a contract because no exchange occurs. Contracts can be binding whether or not money is involved, or whether they are drawn up by a lawyer or private individuals.
SOURCE: BL:002, FD
SOURCE: Laurence, B. (2017). Contracts 101: Make a legally valid contract. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/contracts-101-make-legally-valid30247.html
2. C
Bilateral contract. A bilateral contract is a mutually beneficial agreement between two parties in which both parties promise to perform certain activities. In the example, one company makes a promise to ship a certain product by a certain date, and the other company promises to pay for the products within a certain amount of time. An executed agreement is an agreement or contract that has already occurred. Exempt contract and defensible agreement are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: BL:002, FD
SOURCE: Rocket Lawyer. (2017). What's the difference between bilateral and unilateral contracts? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.rocketlawyer.com/article/whats-thedifference-between-bilateral-and-unilateral-contracts.rl
3. C
Regulated by various laws. There are several laws that regulate the use of credit. These laws are intended to guarantee that credit is managed fairly. The laws tend to improve the debtor-creditor relationship because there are rules in place that apply to both parties. Debtor-creditor relationships are not controlled by industry standards, intended to increase competition, or designed to monitor accounts.
SOURCE: BL:071, CD
SOURCE: Cornell University Law School Legal Information Institute. (n.d.). Debtor and creditor. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/debtor_and_creditor
4. C
Reduce the risk of gaps in coverage. Governments regulate the insurance industry to make sure that insurance companies do not have major gaps in coverage. When there are gaps in coverage, consumers are at much greater financial risk. Raising insurance prices, creating challenges for insurance agents, and making coverage more exclusive are not aims of regulating the insurance industry.
SOURCE: BL:101, RM
SOURCE: Insurance Regulatory Law. (2016, November 23). About insurance regulatory law. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.insuranceregulatorylaw.com/p/irlabout.html
5. B
Shift insurance costs to employees. Federal health insurance regulations attempt to protect consumers by preventing employers from shifting too much of the costs of insurance to individual employees. Without regulations, employers might not provide affordable insurance plans to employees. Employers do not have a say in whether or not insurance companies cover preexisting conditions. Employers might receive tax credits for insurance, but this is not a risk that insurance regulations prevent. Finally, insurance regulations cannot prevent employers from laying off employees to save money.
SOURCE: BL:137, EI
SOURCE: IRS. (2017, August 26). Questions and answers on employer shared responsibility provisions under the Affordable Care Act. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from https://www.irs.gov/affordable-care-act/employers/questions-and-answers-on-employershared-responsibility-provisions-under-the-affordable-care-act
6. D
Pump-and-dump scheme. An investment scam that involves hyping up small, unheard-of stocks is a pump-and-dump scheme. Usually over the Internet, the scammers con unsuspecting investors into buying the stock so its price will go up. Then, the scammers sell out at the high price, leaving the other investors to deal with the inevitable price plummet. Affinity fraud is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures in new investors by promising high rates of return with little to no risk. A pyramid scheme is an investment scam based on a hierarchy in which the scammers lure in investors, who must then recruit new investors, and so on. Each level gives some of its returns to the level above it.
SOURCE: BL:104, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2013, May 3). Pump and dump. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/pumpanddump.asp
7. C
Affinity fraud. Roger is a victim of affinity fraud, an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is targeting in this case, Roger's religious affiliation. A pyramid scheme is an investment scam based on a hierarchy in which the scammers lure in investors, who must then recruit new investors, and so on. Each level gives some of its returns to the level above it. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website. Pump and dump is an investment scam that involves hyping up small, unheard-of stocks. Usually over the Internet, the scammers con unsuspecting investors into buying the stock so its price will go up. Then, the scammers sell out at the high price, leaving the other investors to deal with the inevitable price plummet.
SOURCE: BL:104, IN
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2013, October 9). Affinity fraud: How to avoid investment scams that target groups. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/affinity.htm
8. C
Simple explanations. When providing product information to clients, finance professionals should keep the clients' point of view in mind. Clients may not be familiar with finance industry jargon, technical terms, or acronyms. Therefore, finance professionals should use simple, clear language that clients understand. While standard responses are sometimes helpful to finance professionals, it is usually better to keep individual clients in mind when providing product information since different clients are likely to have different knowledge bases.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: AARP and the Financial Planning Association. (n.d.). A financial professional's guide to working with older clients. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://assets.aarp.org/www.aarp.org_/articles/money/financial_planning/financial_professiona
9. D
To provide appropriate financial guidance. Financial planners are responsible for helping their clients achieve their financial goals by providing sound advice and suggesting appropriate financial products such as investments, insurance, saving and budgeting, etc. Although financial planning involves using financial tools to grow the client's wealth, the financial planner cannot guarantee that the client's investment will double in value or that the client will generate enough investment income to retire at a certain age. A financial planner will work to minimize a client's tax obligation rather than maximize it.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: Friedberg, B.A. (2017, September 20). What do financial advisors do? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/050815/what-dofinancial-advisers-do.asp
10. A
Finding an alternative resource. Businesses that choose not to use one resource to produce goods must find an alternative in order to continue. This often occurs when the price of a resource rises, causing the costs of production to increase. If a resource is scarce, users may conserve it by decreasing the amount currently being utilized. The producer in this case is paying less for an alternative capital good, rather than trying to find another source at a better price.
SOURCE: EC:003, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
11. A
Scarcity. Scarcity is a condition resulting from the gap between unlimited want for goods (e.g., gasoline) and limited resources (e.g., oil). Because there is not enough of a resource (oil) to produce the desired product (gasoline), supply declines. When demand for a product increases and supply for the product decreases, scarcity occurs. Exchange is the process of trading one good or service for something else of value. Conservation is the preservation and protection of resources. Opportunity cost is the benefit that a person loses when s/he decides to use scarce resources (e.g., money) for one purpose rather than for another. Inputs are the resources used in producing goods and services. When a business uses all of the available inputs in the most efficient way to produce outputs, it is maximizing its inputs and outputs. Because there is a problem on the drilling platform, the inputs are not being used efficiently or to the best of their ability.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
12. A
Contractual agreement. Contractual agreements are agreements between two or more people that state that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. A business pays rent for space, and the lessor agrees to maintain the space and make needed repairs. This agreement transfers risk to the lessor. Insurance shifts certain specified risks to someone else. Business organization refers to the type of structure of the ownership. Avoidance is completely eluding a situation.
SOURCE: EC:011, RM
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
13. B
Competition. Business risk is the possibility of loss (failure) or gain (success) inherent in conducting business. There are several types of risks, including economic risks which are chances of loss due to changes in the market. Competition is an example of one economic risk businesses face. For example, a business that develops a unique product and begins to sell it in the marketplace may start out with a large part of the market share. As other companies develop similar products and start selling them, the business experiences more competition and usually starts losing market share. The business may try to improve the existing product or develop new products to gain back a portion of the market share. Perishability is a natural risk. Dishonesty is a human risk. Management consists of people who make business decisions, which makes it a human risk, too.
SOURCE: EC:011, RM
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
14. C
Hyperinflation. Hyperinflation high and/or unexpected inflation is harmful to the economy. It can restrict spending, discourage businesses from expanding, reduce the standard of living, and even cause shortages of goods. Demand-pull inflation is caused when the money supply grows faster than the economy does. It is not necessarily harmful to the economy. Cost-push inflation occurs when limited commodities drive up costs and prices. It is not necessarily harmful to the economy, either. There is no such thing as negative inflation. The opposite of inflation is deflation.
SOURCE: EC:083, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
15. B
What the other person wants. Knowing what the other person wants allows you to identify the common ground between the two viewpoints. How long negotiation will take is seldom determined ahead of time. Although it may be nice to know, the number of people attending is not a crucial factor in negotiations. The task at hand is the negotiation. It is unwise to divide your focus between the negotiation and implementing the outcome.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-008 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
16. A
Accommodating. Michelle is using an accommodating style by giving in now and hoping to gain something else during another negotiation. When she settles for a short-term loss (such as working on Saturday night), she hopes to acquire a long-term win later (such as getting more time off). A combative style involves a strong, "no-compromise" attitude. In a competitive negotiation, one or both parties view the situation as a rivalry or a game-like challenge. This style embraces the "I must win, so you must lose" mentality. If using an avoidant style, a person does what s/he can to steer clear of an uncomfortable or unpleasant situation.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-008 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
17. C
There is no risk of going into debt. Debit cards withdraw money from your account in real time, so you will be cut off and notified if you spend too much. The most you will pay is an overdraft fee. In contrast, credit cards allow you to borrow money and pay it back later, with interest. You can spend more than you actually have, which results in debt. Credit cards, rather than debit cards, allow you to build your credit score to prove your financial stability to future employers and landlords. Debit cards do not allow you to pay expenses at a later date or to spend more money at a time than credit cards.
SOURCE: FI:058, CD
SOURCE: Tierney, S. (2016, March 7). What is a debit card and how is it used? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/what-is-a-debit-card/
18. D
Dividends. A dividend is a sum of money that a corporation pays to a stockholder as earnings on an investment. The corporation usually pays dividends by check to stockholders on a quarterly basis. The stockholder can deposit the dividend check into a savings or checking account or convert it to cash. Credit, deposits, and cash are not forms of income that are earned by owning stock.
SOURCE: FI:061, EI
SOURCE: The Motley Fool Answers. (2015, May 18). What are dividends and how do they work? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.fool.com/answers/faq/what-are-dividendshow-do-they-work/
19. B
Interest from a savings account. Interest from a savings account is considered unearned income. Unearned income is any income that comes from investments and other sources that are not related to employment. A salary, tips from waiting tables, and union strike benefits are all considered to be earned income taxable income and wages from employment.
SOURCE: FI:061, EI
SOURCE: Marquit, M. (2016, January 21). Earned income vs. unearned income. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://plantingmoneyseeds.com/earned-income-vs-unearned-income/
20. B
Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest. The time value of money states that money available today is more valuable than the same amount of money in the future because you can invest the money today and earn a return on that investment. Because Rachel placed her money in an interest-earning account, her money is worth $12.50 more than it was last year. Buying a phone, the amount of annual income allocated for expenses, and property taxes paid do not indicate the future value of a set amount of money.
SOURCE: FI:062, IN
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
21. C
Interest rate. To figure out what his $100 will be worth in a year, Jorge needs to know the bank's interest rate. This will tell him the future value of his money if he invests with the bank. Jorge already knows the present value it's the $100 that he currently has. The time value of money states that money available today is more valuable than the same amount of money in the future because you can invest the money today and earn a return on that investment. The investment rate is not a term commonly used when determining future value.
SOURCE: FI:062, SS
SOURCE: FinanceProfessor.com. (n.d.). Time value of money overview. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://financeprofessor.com/notes-for-classes/time-value-of-money-overview/
22. D
Credit. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Money orders are purchased at banks, post offices, or stores to be used as checks. Certificates of deposit are savings certificates. Interest is the fee lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
23. C
Regular. The customer may charge purchases at any time but must pay the full amount owed by a specific date. Installment credit requires customers to pay interest on a specific number of monthly payments. Revolving credit allows customers the option of paying in full or making partial payments each month. Long-term is a distractor.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
24. A
Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. In the example, the bank agrees to lend Ali money and Ali agrees to the loan terms, which includes a repayment schedule. If one party does not follow through with the agreement, the other party can pursue legal action. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A proposal is a formal document that presents the reader with a call to action. A referral is an entity to which salespeople are recommended.
SOURCE: FI:063, SS
SOURCE: Fay, B. (2017). What is a loan agreement? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.debt.org/credit/loans/contracts/
25. D
Doctrine of Utmost Good Faith. Business relationships are built on trust, which involves honesty and transparency. The Doctrine of Utmost Good Faith is a legal concept that requires borrower/lender or buyer/seller to be honest with one another. This means that each party does not mislead or withhold information that impacts the contractual agreement from one another. In the situation described, the lender (bank) must clearly explain the terms of the loan to the applicant (borrower). The applicant must provide honest information to the bank regarding his/her financial standing (e.g., income, debt level, etc.). The 80/20 Rule is a principle that assumes that most of the results or outcomes in any situation are affected by a few factors or causes. For example, 80% of a business's sales are generated by 20% of its customers. The Doctrine of Accounting Transparency and the Rule of Financial Stability are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:063, SS
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2017). The doctrine of utmost good faith. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://consumer.findlaw.com/insurance/the-doctrine-of-utmost-good-faith.html
26. C
Emergency fund. Many financial planners advise their clients to maintain a savings account specifically to cover unexpected events, such as job loss or illness. The money in an individual's emergency fund is used to cover basic living expenses (e.g., mortgage, rent, car insurance, food) until s/he can work and earn a steady income. Many financial planners advise individuals to maintain enough money to cover living expenses for three to six months. Education plans are savings accounts that allow parents to save money for their children's college education. Retirement funds are financial instruments that build wealth for an individual's retirement. An insurance policy is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium).
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [p. 88]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
27. A
Education savings account. Because college is a very expensive endeavor, parents often start saving money for their children's education well before they are ready to go to college. Parents who place money in education savings accounts receive certain tax advantages. For example, a certain type of education savings account may defer tax obligations on interest earned until the funds are disbursed. Retirement savings plans enable workers to save money for use when they reach retirement age and are no longer working. Corporate stock options and bank checking accounts do not provide tax advantages in relation to saving money for college.
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: Saving for College, LLC. (2016, May 25). Intro to ESAs. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.savingforcollege.com/intro_to_esas/
28. C
The benefits she could have received by using the additional cost of a new car another way. Opportunity costs are the benefits that are lost when you decide to choose one alternative over another. In this case, Emily could have used the money she spent on getting a new car on something else. Her opportunity costs are not the reliability and luxury of a new car those are benefits. Emily chose a new car over a used car, and wasn't considering public transportation, so the money saved by taking public transportation is not an opportunity cost. The money saved by not having to constantly repair a used car is a benefit of buying a new car, not an opportunity cost.
SOURCE: FI:065, FD
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, September 9). Opportunity cost. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/opportunitycost.asp
29. B
I want to save $3,000 for a new truck. Measurable goals can be counted or assessed in a way that shows real progress. If you want to save $3,000 for a new truck, this is a measurable goal because you can track the amount of money you save and determine whether or not you're successful. Spending less money on clothing isn't a measurable goal because it's too vague "less" is more difficult to measure than a specific dollar amount. "I'd like to pay off some of my credit card debt soon" is also not a measurable goal there is no specific money or time element. "I'm thinking of buying a house" isn't a measurable goal because it isn't specific enough houses can cost different amounts of money, so it's hard to measure unless you have a certain dollar amount in mind.
SOURCE: FI:065, FD
SOURCE: Benve, R. (2017, July 6). How to set smart personal financial goals. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://toughnickel.com/personal-finance/How-to-Set-Personal-FinancialGoals-Budgeting
30. C
Spending patterns. A budget is an estimate of what income and expenses will be for a specific time period. The expense section of a budget helps individuals review their spending patterns, which are the ways that they spend money. For example, a budget might indicate that a lot of money was being spent on convenience foods or casual clothing. This indicates a spending pattern that may need to be changed depending on the amount of income. Developing a personal budget will not enable individuals to review their insurance policy coverage, investment plans, or bank statements.
SOURCE: FI:066, FD
SOURCE: Practical Money Skills. (2017). Budgeting. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.practicalmoneyskills.com/learn/budgeting
31. D
The amount spent varies from month to month. Variable expenses differ from fixed expenses because fixed expenses are the same each month, whereas variable expenses change. Not all variable expenses are unnecessary. In addition, not all variable expenses are less costly and easy to cut. For example, grocery shopping is a variable expense, but it is also necessary, sometimes expensive, and not necessarily easy to cut from a budget.
SOURCE: FI:066, FD
SOURCE: Pant, P. (2017, June 3). What's the difference between fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-s-the-differencebetween-fixed-and-variable-expenses-453774
32. B
Education. Education is a financial want rather than a financial need. Financial needs are the basics that are necessary for survival. Food, clothing, and shelter are necessary for survival, but education isn't.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Jespersen, C. (2017, March 8). Needs vs. wants: How to distinguish and budget for both. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/finance/financialneeds-versus-wants/
33. A
Spring break. You would save money for spring break, rather than invest for it. Saving is important for reaching short-term financial goals, such as vacations. Investing is for reaching long-term financial goals, such as retirement, your children's college education, and home ownership.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Kennon, J. (2017, July 1). Saving vs. investing money. Retrieved September 25. 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/saving-money-vs-investing-money-358062
34. A
$5,850. Subtract liabilities (credit card debt) from assets (car value, savings account, and computer value) to calculate net worth. ($6,000 + $250 + $100) - $500 = $5,850.
SOURCE: FI:562, SS
SOURCE: Schwab MoneyWise. (2017). Your personal net worth. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.schwabmoneywise.com/public/moneywise/essentials/goals_budgeting/personal_ net_worth
35. B
$33,750. Calculating your net worth involves comparing your assets with your liabilities (Assets Liabilities = Net Worth). Your assets include savings accounts, cash savings, checking accounts, stocks, and mutual funds. It also includes assets such as a home, car, boat, antiques, and jewelry. Your liabilities don't take into account your annual expenses. For example, you would not include your monthly mortgage payment, your rent, or your utilities. Instead, you want to determine your outstanding short to long-term debt. For example, if you have a credit card, and you pay it off each month, that's not going to be considered a liability, because each month that goes to zero. But if you have a student loan that has an outstanding balance that you're paying off on a monthly basis over an extended period of time, then the balance due on that loan is a liability. Other examples of liabilities include the balance due on a mortgage, a student loan, a car loan, a boat loan, and personal loans that you owe to others. Total the value of your assets, and then total the value of your liabilities. Subtract your liabilities from your assets to determine your net worth. In this scenario, the total assets equal $71,500, while liabilities equal $37,750. The difference between the two results in a net worth of $33,750. Utilities and monthly apartment rental are considered expenses, rather than liabilities and would not be included in the total for liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:562, SS
SOURCE: Schwab MoneyWise. (2017). Your personal net worth. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.schwabmoneywise.com/public/moneywise/essentials/goals_budgeting/personal_ net_worth
36. A
Health insurance. Payroll deductions are monies that an employer withholds from an employee's gross earnings. A large portion of the deductions is the various income taxes, which the employer pays to the government on behalf of the employee. Other deductions might include health insurance premiums, voluntary savings, and child-support payments. Net pay is the amount the employee receives in his/her paycheck after the deductions have been subtracted from the gross earnings. Gross earnings are income before deductions. Overtime hours are the number of hours an employee works over his/her regular schedule. Pay rate is the amount of pay a worker earns at a set interval (e.g., an hour).
SOURCE: FI:068, EI
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2016, August 26). Payroll deductions. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/payroll-deductions-1918223
37. D
Purchase. When individuals make investments, they receive purchase documents that include information about the cost of the investment and any commissions or fees that were paid. Individuals should keep these documents in their records to verify ownership and to be able to determine if it was a good investment over a period of time. For example, the purchase record would indicate the cost (perhaps it was $25 a share), the total amount purchased (100 shares for a total of $2,500), and a fee of $30. By comparing the purchase records to actual value in five years, an individual will be able to decide if the investment was worthwhile. Perhaps the cost per share is $40 a share in five years. An individual might consider this to be a good return on the investment. Deposit and credit records usually do not contain information about investments. Logistics refer to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption.
SOURCE: FI:069, SS
SOURCE: Walker, M. (2016, March 21). How long to keep tax records and other documents. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.consumerreports.org/taxes/how-long-to-keep-taxdocuments/
38. B
To balance an account. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. This procedure is also known as balancing an account. The purpose is to determine the actual amount of money that is in the account. To do this, it may be necessary to add in deposits that have not been posted or subtract checks that have not cleared. If the checking account pays interest, that amount will be listed on the bank statement. It is not necessary to read and reconcile bank statements to withdraw excess money or to make a deposit.
SOURCE: FI:070, SS
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2012, October 10). How to reconcile a bank statement. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/how-to-reconcile-a-bank-statement.html
39. C
You've written checks after the covered period. Your bank statement's balance would be higher than your checkbook register if you've written checks after the covered period. An uncredited account, an automatic bill deduction, or an unrecorded bank withdrawal would not make your bank statement higher. Instead, those things may make it lower than your checkbook register.
SOURCE: FI:070, SS
SOURCE: Bernardo, R. (2015, June 24). How to balance a checkbook & reconcile a bank statement. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://wallethub.com/edu/how-to-balance-acheckbook/13769/
40. C
$1,416.57. To determine Anita's new balance, first calculate the final charge on the previous balance. Multiply the first $1,200 of her previous rate by the corresponding monthly interest rate ($1,200 X 2.25% = $27.00). Then, determine how much of her balance falls into the lower interest category by subtracting $1,200 from the total previous balance ($1,742.56 - $1,200 = $542.56). Multiply this amount by the corresponding interest rate ($542.56 X 1.25% = $6.78). Finally, add these two finance charges together to find the total finance charge ($27.00 + $6.78 = $33.78). Add this total finance charge to the previous balance ($1,742.56 + $33.78 = $1,776.34). Then, add Anita's new charges to this balance ($1,776.34 + $320.23 = $2,096.57). Finally, subtract the payment that she made to the credit card company last month to determine the new balance appearing on her credit card statement ($2,096.57 - $680 = $1,416.57).
SOURCE: FI:071, CD
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 216-221]. New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
41. A
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive credit card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first, since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071, FD
SOURCE: Basco, P. (2006-2017). 7 ways to avoid runaway credit card debt. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.gettingacreditcard.com/article20.shtml
42. C
Obtain a bank loan. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses can purchase now and pay later. A credit agency is a business that maintains files of credit information on individuals and businesses. It is important to make sure that credit agencies have accurate information about your credit history because other businesses purchase the reports to make decisions about extending credit or providing a loan to you. Your credit history does not necessarily affect your ability to pay your bills, your ability to declare bankruptcy, or your ability to sell assets.
SOURCE: FI:072, CD
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. (2017). What your credit report says about you. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.philadelphiafed.org/consumerresources/publications/what-your-credit-report-says
43. D
Contact the appropriate credit bureau. Isaiah should first contact the credit bureau that gathered the information for the report to determine if the bureau made a keying error. If the credit bureau did not make a mistake, then Isaiah should contact the bank to get the information corrected. After the bank makes the correction, the credit bureau can correct his credit report. Contacting a local business association or a federal banking agency (e.g., U.S. Federal Reserve or Bank of Canada) is not an appropriate action for Isaiah to take to get his credit report changed.
SOURCE: FI:072, CD
SOURCE: Fair Isaac Corporation. (2001-2017). Credit Report Q & A: How do I correct errors on my credit reports? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.myfico.com/crediteducation/questions/error-on-credit-report.aspx
44. C
Shredding old bank statements. One way that thieves obtain others' personal information (e.g., bankaccount numbers, credit card numbers) is by going through trash cans and dumpsters. Using a paper shredder to destroy old bank and credit-card statements makes it more difficult for thieves to obtain personal financial information. Disabling computer virus software and storing passwords on web browsers lower the computer user's security, which increases the risks associated with computer hacking. Photocopying credit card receipts is not an action that reduces the risk of identity theft.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Siciliano, R. (2016, September 22). How identity thieves use your mail to profit. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-identity-thieves-use-your-mailto-profit-4065580
45. C
Phishing. Phishing occurs when an email that appears to be from a reputable source (like your bank, a store, a credit card company, or an online auction site) is actually from a scam artist. The email might ask for personal information like account numbers, which the scammer is likely to use to access the victim's funds. Key loggers record your keystrokes, enabling someone to record your passwords and account numbers as you type them. Aaron is not the victim of key logging, a break-in, or a computer virus.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Grabianowski, E. (2009, April 17). How to protect against identity theft. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/how-to-tech/how-to-protect-againstidentity-theft.htm
46. B
Tax deductions. Tax deductions are expenses that can be subtracted from gross income. For example, working parents can deduct or subtract a certain amount of their incomes for the childcare expenses they incur while at work. Other examples of tax deductible expenses include college tuition, home mortgage interest, and charitable donations. Capital gains are taxes on earnings from the appreciation of an investment. Dividends are a portion of a company's profits that are paid to shareholders. A rebate is a part of the price that a customer pays for a good or service, which is usually offered by the product's manufacturer.
SOURCE: FI:074, EI
SOURCE: IRS. (2017, August 28). Ten things to know about the child and dependent care credit. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/ten-things-to-knowabout-the-child-and-dependent-care-credit
47. D
Lien. A lien occurs when a homeowner owes debt to someone or an organization that is not the mortgage holder. It means that when the home is sold, money from the sale is first used to pay any lien holders. A garnishment occurs when a creditor takes payment directly from a debtor's wages. Repossession occurs when a debtor does not make payments on an asset (typically a vehicle), and the loan holder takes back the asset. Debt consolidation is a process in which a consumer's debts (such as mortgage, car loan, etc.) can be combined into one monthly payment that is manageable for the consumer.
SOURCE: FI:565, CD
SOURCE: Colley, A. (2017, May 23). What is a lien? An unpaid debt that could trip up your home sale. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.realtor.com/advice/sell/lien/
48. C
Monthly payment schedule. Developing a monthly payment schedule can help individuals organize, manage, and pay their bills on time. Computer spreadsheets, schedule templates, and calendars are several effective ways to manage the bill-paying process. Regardless of the format used, individuals should note the payee's name, amount due, due date, date paid, and the method of payment. If writing a check, the check number should also be noted on the payment schedule. Individuals do not organize and manage their bills by using a scatter chart, a work calendar, or credit report.
SOURCE: FI:565, CD
SOURCE: Lohrey, J. (2013, November 19). How to make a bill schedule. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/make-bill-schedule-76682.html
49. C
Local bank. Local banks are typically more conservative, but they understand the needs of smallbusiness owners. Once a positive relationship is established with a local bank, Chris can use the bank to finance short-term loans for inventory and equipment. This makes them a good choice for financing the opening of a small business. National banks are more likely to give loans to large corporations than to small start-up businesses. Insurance providers do not give out loans. A mortgage company specializes in real-estate (property) loans. There is not enough information provided about Chris's business venture to determine if he wants to purchase an existing property or build a new facility.
SOURCE: FI:075, SS
SOURCE: Banking Careers Info. (2015, October 21). Types of banking institutions. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.bankingcareersinfo.com/types-of-banking-institutions/
50. B
Asset-management firm. Asset-management firms invest their clients' money in different (diversified) securities by pooling assets. This is beneficial to investors who do not have the financial resources and expertise to obtain securities on their own. Asset-management firms typically manage mutual funds, hedge funds, and pension plans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the purchase of real estate land, residences, and other types of buildings. Certified Public Accounting firms perform independent financial audits for different types of businesses (e.g., public corporations).
SOURCE: FI:075, FD
SOURCE: Finance Maps of the World. (2015). Top asset management firms. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://finance.mapsofworld.com/financial-institutions/stock-brokerage/top-assetmanagement-firms.html
51. C
Fee structure. Financial-services providers are compensated in different ways. Therefore, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider to make sure the fee is affordable. Some providers may charge a flat fee while others may charge based on number and size of transactions. Some may charge for consulting time or for gathering information. Office location, tax status, and gross income are not important considerations when selecting a financial-services provider.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: Repke, W.J. (2012, February 4). How to select a financial services provider. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://msue.anr.msu.edu/news/how_to_select_a_financial_services_provider
52. D
Education and licensure. When selecting a financial-services provider, it is important to make sure that the provider is qualified. One way to do this is to verify the provider's credentials. In many jurisdictions, financial-services providers must pass an exam to obtain a license. These credentials verify that the provider has the necessary training and background to give financial advice, help develop financial plans, and make investments. When selecting a financial planner, his/her personal goals and living expenses are not primary considerations.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: Quinlan, C. (2014, November 18). Your 7-step checklist to choosing a financial advisor. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://money.usnews.com/money/personalfinance/mutual-funds/slideshows/your-7-step-checklist-to-choosing-a-financial-advisor
53. C
Money market account. A money market account is an ideal investment if you have a need for liquidity because it is easy to withdraw money from without penalty. 401(k)s, bonds, and CDs all have penalties for early withdrawal.
SOURCE: FI:279, IN
SOURCE: Kennon, J. (2017, January 31). The importance of liquidity and liquid assets. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.thebalance.com/the-importance-of-liquidity-andliquid-assets-356055
54. C
Earnings per share. Dividing net income by the number of outstanding shares of common stock results in a financial ratio called earnings per share. It is not gross profit margin, which is calculated by dividing gross profit by sales; return on equity, which is calculated by dividing net income by book value; nor price-earnings, which is calculated by dividing stock price by earnings per share.
SOURCE: FI:280, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, August 9). Earnings per share - EPS. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/eps.asp
55. A
Dollar cost averaging. Dollar cost averaging involves investing a fixed dollar amount in a particular investment on a regular schedule, regardless of share price. With this strategy, an investor buys more when prices are low and buys less when prices are high. The example does not illustrate diversification, growth investing, or buy-and-hold.
SOURCE: FI:283, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017, August 16). Dollar-cost averaging (DCA). Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dollarcostaveraging.asp
56. D
Spread out the growth rates of their investments. Diversifying by cap-size will help you spread out the growth rates of your investments. Each company fits into a cap-size category, either small, large, or mid (for medium), according to its market capitalization. By spreading out investment risk, diversification, in general, protects your portfolio from a negative event. One way to diversify is to avoid buying too many investments in one category. Updating your investment portfolio helps you stay on track with your investment goals and risk tolerance.
SOURCE: FI:283, IN
SOURCE: Ross, K. (2016, July 18). Market capitalization and a diversified portfolio. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://library.wilmingtontrust.com/investmentmanagement/market-capitalization-and-a-diversified-portfolio
57. C
Balance sheet. The balance sheet gives a summary of a company's financial health at a specific point in time. It contains two major sections: a listing of the company's assets and a listing of its liabilities. The liabilities section also indicates the shareholders' equity, which is the value of all the outstanding stock owned by shareholders. Shareholders' equity is determined by subtracting the liabilities from the assets. The income statement, also known as the profit-and-loss statement, shows a company's profitability over a specific period of time. The cash flow statement tracks the money that comes into and flows out of a company. An annual report is not a type of financial statement, but it does contain financial statements, along with a good deal of other information about the company.
SOURCE: FI:274, IN
SOURCE: IN
58. B
IHM's most recent annual report. A company's annual report contains financial information about its performance. A publicly-traded company is required to provide investors and potential investors with its balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement. These three documents provide an overall snapshot of the company's financial well-being. An industry white paper, a current sales forecast, and the industry's performance and safety standards are not going to provide the financial information that Paula needs to make an informed investment decision.
SOURCE: FI:274, IN
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2014, October 15). Annual report. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from https://www.sec.gov/fast-answers/answers-annrephtm.html
59. C
Price-earnings ratio. Most stock tables include the price-earnings ratio, or PE ratio for short. The priceearnings ratio is determined by dividing the last closing price of the stock by the earnings per share. Investors often study the PE ratio to get an idea of whether the stock is overvalued or undervalued, compared to competitors. The earnings per share (EPS), net income, and stockholder's equity are not typically found on the stock table. The earnings per share tells investors how much profit goes to each share of common stock. The net income is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit. The stockholders' equity is equal to the assets minus liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:275, IN
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2017, September 18). Stock basics: How to read a stock table/quote. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/stocks/stocks6.asp
60. C
Stock volatility. Investors can assess stock volatility by analyzing the 52-Week HI/LO column in the stock table. This column indicates the highest and lowest prices paid during the past year. If the range between the lowest and highest prices is large, then the stock's price has risen or fallen sharply in the past year, making it a volatile, riskier stock. The rate of return or yield is determined by dividing the dividend by the actual closing price and is expressed as a percentage. The dividend is the dollar amount the investors earn on a share of stock. Previous close indicates the stock's closing price for the previous day.
SOURCE: FI:275, IN
SOURCE: Boyte-White, C. (2016, September 27). What is the best measure of a given stock's volatility? Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/021015/what-best-measure-given-stocksvolatility.asp
61. A
Mutual funds. Mutual funds are ownership investments in which a variety of stocks from different corporations or agencies (usually from different industries) are combined into one investment. Money market accounts are lending investments in which individuals lend a minimum amount of money to a bank to earn interest. Secure and elective are not types of investments.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
62. C
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. C
Defined contribution plan. A defined contribution plan involves people funding their retirement savings with their own money, sometimes with additional contributions from employers. A 401(k) plan is an example of this type of plan because tax-free contributions are deducted from an employee's payroll and invested in securities. They are also sometimes matched by employers. In contrast, a defined benefits plan defines the amount of retirement income that will be paid, regardless of the success of the investments made. Social Security benefits are federally funded retirement benefits. A profit-sharing plan involves employers making discretionary contributions to retirement savings, without any salary deferral or set amount of contributions.
SOURCE: FI:569, SS
SOURCE: InvestingAnswers. (2017). Defined contribution plan. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investinganswers.com/node/5250
64. C
Determine your retirement income needs. The first step to planning your retirement is to determine how much income you will need. You can use your current expenses and income as a starting point. It is important to understand investment options, figure out how much you need to save, and pick the right savings tools, but first you need to know what your income needs are to make informed decisions about these three matters.
SOURCE: FI:569, SS
SOURCE: 360 Degrees of Financial Literacy. (2004-2017). Retirement planning: The basics. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.360financialliteracy.org/Topics/RetirementPlanning/Retirement-Planning-Basics/Retirement-Planning-The-Basics
65. B
Dilute the value of big gains on an individual stock. Too much diversification in a financial portfolio can offset big gains from one particular stock. In fact, too much diversification can lead to average performance, instead of the above-average performance investors desire. Having an over-diversified portfolio does not affect what other investors or fund managers do, nor does it prevent any stock from growing in value.
SOURCE: FI:284, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2016, July 1). The dangers of over-diversifying your portfolio. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/01/051601.asp?optly_redirect=integrated&lgl=vtasbaseline
66. B
Refine your search. An important advantage of using a stock screener is the ability to refine your search according to specific criteria. As a tool for selecting stocks to purchase, stock screening does not promote placing quick bids, speaking with live personnel, or participating in online investing.
SOURCE: FI:284, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Stock screeners: Overview & basics. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/01/112101.asp?optly_redirect=integrated&lgl=vtasbaseline
67. B
Liability. Liability insurance protects the policyholder from claims of bodily injury or property damage caused by the policyholder's vehicle. It also pays for repairs needed as a result of the accident. Health insurance helps to pay medical bills. Whole-life insurance pays the insured's beneficiaries when the insured dies. Property insurance covers losses to real and personal property.
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2017). Liability insurance. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/liability_insurance.asp
68. C
$1,039. Individuals and businesses purchase various types of insurance policies. Automobile insurance covers damages related to motor vehicles. The deductible is the amount of money the insured must pay out of pocket. After the deductible has been met, the insurance company pays the balance of the damages. To calculate the amount that the insurance company will pay, subtract William's deductible from the total amount due for the car repairs ($1,789 - $750 = $1,039).
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Miller, C.D., Salzman, S.A., & Clendenen, G. (2009). Business mathematics (11th ed.) [p. 559]. Boston: Pearson Education, Inc.
69. C
Shipment's packing slip. A packing slip is a shipper's form that usually accompanies incoming merchandise and describes the type and number of each item in the shipment. Many vendors print the packing slip's reference code on the invoice. If an employee believes the communication firm was invoiced for an incorrect item or quantities of items, s/he can compare the invoice with the corresponding packing slip to verify that the item types and quantities are the same. The communication firm's sales report and the vendor's cash-flow statement would not contain the necessary information to verify invoice accuracy. The communication firm's corresponding purchase order would help determine if a problem exists, but older purchase orders would not.
SOURCE: FI:327, SS
SOURCE: DuCoin, E. (2014). Verifying accuracy on utility bills. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.orpicalenergy.com/verifying-accuracy-on-utility-bills/
70. B
Less than $10,000. When determining the present value of money received in the future, the dollar amount of the money is multiplied by the value that corresponds to the available interest rate (also called the discount rate or cost of capital) and number of periods on a present value table. As noted above, the value for 20 years at 10% is $.149. The present value of that $50,000 is $7,450 ($50,000 x .149 = $7,450), which is less than $10,000.
SOURCE: FI:238, EI
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp?optly_redirect=integrated&lgl=vtasbaseline
71. A
$29,770. To determine how much your investments will be worth in five years, calculate the future values of the investments. The formula used to find the future value of money is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate)Number of Years. So, the future value of your first investment is equal to $5,000 X (1 + 0.06)5. To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.06 = 1.06). Next, raise this sum to the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.06 5 = 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 = 1.3382). Finally, multiply this product by the original amount of the first investment to find its future value ($5,000 X 1.3382 = $6,691). Next, repeat the process for the second investment. Its future value is equal to $15,000 X (1 + 0.09)5. First, add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.09 = 1.09). Then, raise this sum to the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.09 5 = 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 = 1.5386). Next, multiply this product by the original amount of the second investment to find its future value ($15,000 X 1.5386 = $23,079). Finally, add together the future values of the two investments to determine how much money you will have in five years ($6,691 + $23,079 = $29,770).
SOURCE: FI:238, EI
SOURCE: Garrison, S. (1998-2017). Time value of money: Self-paced overview. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.studyfinance.com/lessons/timevalue/index.mv
72. B
Think long term and be realistic about income and expenses. When taking on debt, you need to be honest about whether you will be able to repay the debt. You have to think about whether there are anticipated changes in your income and expenses over the life of the debt that would keep you from repaying it. Impulse buying creates unmanageable debt rather than avoids it. Debt payments must be made in a timely manner. If you anticipate that timely repayment will be a problem, don't consider taking on additional debt. Although co-signers may be needed to obtain a loan, you should understand that both your credit rating and that of the co-signers will be damaged by your late payment.
SOURCE: FI:568, CD
SOURCE: Pareto, C. (2017). Credit and debt management. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/credit-debt-management/
73. C
Having your children take out loans for college. Rather than using their retirement savings to pay for college loans, parents should save what they can for their children's college fund, and then have their children take out loans to pay for the difference. Credit cards should not be used to pay for short-term activities unless the amount can be paid off when the credit card bill comes in. Car leases are good to use for cars that will be kept three or four years not 10 years. The mortgage crisis occurred because many people who were unable to repay their loans were given loans at zero percent down. This will make the monthly mortgage rate quite high. Generally, financial institutions want a down payment of 20 percent.
SOURCE: FI:568, CD
SOURCE: Smith, L. (2017). Good debt vs. bad debt. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/12/good-debt-bad-debt.asp
74. C
A guardian. A person who has children under 18 years of age should designate a legal guardian to care for them in the event of the death of both parents. Since they already have a will, Tom and Samantha would already have identified an executor (the person in charge of handling the estate). A power of attorney assigns someone the right to act on a person's behalf. It does not designate a person to care for a child. There is no need to designate a probate court judge in a will.
SOURCE: FI:572, SS
SOURCE: AICPA. (2017). Estate planning basics. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.360financialliteracy.org/Topics/Retirement-Planning/Estate-Planning-Basics
75. B
A total rewards system. Total rewards systems are holistic and comprehensive compensation packages that go beyond salary. They include several forms of compensation and attractive features that make workplaces appealing to employees. Blue Diamond Co has a total rewards system because it has commission, benefits, flexible hours, and professional development. Blue Diamond Co. does not necessarily have problems with its finances or an unsustainable business model. There's not enough information provided to determine whether the company has ethical hiring practices.
SOURCE: HR:467, EI
SOURCE: Johnston, K. (2011, December 22). What are the components of a comprehensive total rewards & motivation system? Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/components-comprehensive-total-rewards-motivationsystem-36942.html
76. C
Nolo Legal Encyclopedia. Expertise and credibility are primary considerations when evaluating the relevance of a source. Because regulations and legal procedures are important considerations when setting up a corporation, Melissa should obtain information from a source that has legal expertise, such as Nolo Legal Encyclopedia (www.nolo.com). The Wall Street Journal is a print and online business publication that focuses on a wide variety of business and economic issues and trends. Because Wikipedia is an open source of information that is constantly updated, some of the information might be inaccurate or irrelevant. MarketWatch is a website that focuses on financial issues such as investing and the stock market performance.
SOURCE: NF:079, FD
SOURCE: Regents of the University of California. (2012, May 12). Evaluating web pages: Techniques to apply & questions to ask. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.lib.berkeley.edu/TeachingLib/Guides/Internet/Evaluate.html
77. A
Expertise and knowledge. An important consideration when evaluating the reliability of a journal article is the author's expertise and knowledge about the subject matter. Age and gender are not primary factors to consider when evaluating the reliability of a journal article that addresses a complex issue or topic.
SOURCE: NF:079, FD
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2017). Evaluating sources: overview. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/553/01/
78. D
Develop a list of red flags that signal fraud. One of the ways to prevent the risks associated with insurance fraud is to plan ahead for them. One way to do so is to develop a list of red flags that can signal fraud. Insurers can use these lists to prevent fraud before it happens. Filing a lawsuit does not combat the risk of insurance fraud; rather, it penalizes someone who has already committed fraud. It is not necessarily possible to determine which customers are likely to commit fraud, so insurers shouldn't drop customers unless they have actually violated policies. Finally, it is not realistic to suggest that insurance companies should only insure properties with minimal risk.
SOURCE: OP:187, RM
SOURCE: Accenture. (2013). How to effectively fight insurance fraud. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://insuranceblog.accenture.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Accenture-HowEffectively-Fight-Insurance-Fraud.pdf
79. C
Asking your friends if the goal is worthwhile. You are not likely to achieve a goal unless you are sure that it is worth working toward. Setting a time limit, developing a plan, and keeping a written record of your progress are all steps that will help you to achieve your goal.
SOURCE: PD:018, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
80. C
Achieving success in life. Success has been defined as reaching the goals you have set for yourself. Without goals, you are less likely to succeed. Setting goals does not mean you can avoid everyday problems or learn how to lead others. Becoming a good example is a benefit to others rather than to the person who sets the goals.
SOURCE: PD:018, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
81. A
Routine decisions. Employees need to make routine decisions every day on the job. Businesses expect them to be capable of making many of these decisions on their own without asking a manager what to do. Businesses do not want to waste valuable time directing every action that employees take. They expect employees to make routine decisions that will allow them to work effectively, oftentimes with little supervision. Businesses do not expect employees to make policy changes, operating plans, or personnel choices.
SOURCE: PD:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-010 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
82. B
Framing. The way information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others not the way it is presented. Style is the method for including others in the decisionmaking process. And, logic is a way to make sense of the facts apart from personal or outside influence.
SOURCE: PD:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-010 Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
83. C
Holds the kind of job you want. Interviewing someone who currently holds the kind of job you want will yield information on career paths, preparation, advantages, and disadvantages of the career. Interviewing people who hire, used to be in that position, or are executives of the company may provide an incomplete picture of the career you are interested in.
SOURCE: PD:023, EI
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2017). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 88-91). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
84. B
Take ability assessment tests. Ability assessment tests help individuals to identify their skills and their capacity to perform certain tasks. These tests will help them to decide what type of career would be of interest to them based on their skills. For example, a person with good communication skills might be interested in a career in sales or marketing. People cannot identify tentative career interests by finding out which majors are popular or by locating high-income occupations. Counselors may be able to suggest specific occupations based on the results of an ability assessment test.
SOURCE: PD:023, EI
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 88-91). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
85. A
License. Employees in certain professions must be licensed, which means that they must pass an examination to prove that they are qualified. The license verifies that the individual has completed the necessary training and met specific state, local, or professional requirements. Some careers that require licensing include nursing, medicine, teaching, engineering, finance, accounting, cosmetology, and child care. A sponsor is a business, individual, or organization that pays the costs of promotion. A charter, or certificate of incorporation, is a permit issued to operate as a corporation. A patent is legal protection of an invention or a process granted by government to its owners for a certain number of years.
SOURCE: PD:025, EI
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015 Go for It! (Careers in Business)
86. D
Marketing research. Employees who look for meaningful clues about what customers want and why they want it work in marketing research. Marketing research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, designing data-collection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing planning. These employees do not work in administrative services, securities and investments, or insurance. Employees working in administrative services facilitate business operations through a variety of administrative and clerical duties, including information and communication management, data processing and collection, and project tracking. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. The insurance industry, which exists to protect individuals and businesses from financial losses, delivers "products" that transfer risk from an individual or business to an insurance company.
SOURCE: PD:025, EI
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015 Go for It! (Careers in Business)
87. C
To create a positive impression by spelling words correctly. Misspelled words on a job application present a negative, careless image to potential employers. You should be prepared to check the accuracy of your spelling by taking a small dictionary with you when completing application forms. Dictionaries are not resources for addresses, phone numbers, and grammar usage. Employers are impressed with accurately completed application forms, rather than by a person's ability to look up words in the dictionary.
SOURCE: PD:027, EI
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012) Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 74-80). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
88. A
Which days and hours they can work. Most employment applications ask individuals to indicate the days and hours that they are available to work. Many applicants are applying for part-time positions while they complete their educations and are not available to work a regular 40-hour week. Other applicants prefer to work the evening or night shifts. Prospective employers need to know when applicants are available to work in order to decide if there are openings at those times. Employment applications do not ask individuals about their personal philosophy of life. Rights and privileges on the job and fringe benefits are topics that are discussed during job interviews.
SOURCE: PD:027, EI
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012) Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 74-80). New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
89. A
Unsolicited. Many times, job seekers will send application letters to businesses that have not advertised positions available. The intention of the unsolicited letters is to explain who the applicants are, emphasize their qualifications, and make them sound appealing to the businesses. Often, businesses keep these letters on file and may contact an applicant based on the persuasiveness of his/her letter. Requested and invited letters of application are those sent in response to ads for available jobs. Letters of application are sent intentionally to get job interviews.
SOURCE: PD:030, EI
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 324-346]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
90. C
Online. Many businesses maintain job application information online which makes it possible for individuals to submit online applications. However, it is still important to write a letter of application and include the letter as part of the online application. The purpose of the letter is to express interest in a specific job and provide basic information about qualifications. When applying for jobs in person or by telephone, it is often not necessary to write a letter of application. Individuals usually do not apply for jobs indirectly.
SOURCE: PD:030, EI
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 324-346]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
91. B
The résumé contains misspelled words. Mistakes on job résumés often indicate to personnel directors that the applicants are careless and would continue that habit on the job. Applicants who provide errorfree résumés are viewed more favorably by personnel directors and often have a better chance of finding jobs. Résumés and cover letters are often sent via email, so cover letters often do not include applicant's handwritten signature. Often, businesses want professional references rather than personal references. In many situations, references are not required until the applicant passes the initial screening process. A college degree does not ensure that the applicant will not make mistakes on the job.
SOURCE: PD:031, EI
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 324-346]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
92. A
Have a trusted friend or colleague proofread it. It's important to make sure your résumé is free of misspellings and grammar mistakes. Having someone proofread your résumé is one way to help make sure it's error free. You should use basic, easy-to-read fonts instead of those that are unique and eyecatching. Although it's important to use key words from the job description in your résumé, you shouldn't simply cut and paste. Doing so won't impress employers. You should not include graphics or photos in your résumé.
SOURCE: PD:031, EI
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013). 6 tips for avoiding the résumé black hole. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/02/05/6-tips-for-avoiding-the-resumeblack-hole/
93. D
You accidentally ran a red light and hit another vehicle. Car insurance pays for accidents that you've caused and accidental damage such as vandalism or weather-related issues. If you run a red light and get into an accident, you should file a claim with your automobile insurance company. Unless your flat tire was caused by vandalism, auto insurance will not cover it. Auto insurance also does not cover property stolen from within a vehicle; it only covers damage to the vehicle itself. Finally, auto insurance does not cover car maintenance issues such as dead batteries.
SOURCE: PD:319, RM
SOURCE: Esurance. (2017). Types of car insurance coverage. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from https://www.esurance.com/insurance/car/coverage
94. C
Are considered a dependent. Under many health insurance systems, children and young adults are covered by their parents' or guardians' family health insurance plans. If you are covered, you are not breaking the law. You are not necessarily required to demonstrate financial need to be covered under your parents' health insurance. Finally, you should not be excluded from receiving full healthcare benefits if you are covered under your parents' health insurance.
SOURCE: PD:320, RM
SOURCE: National Conference of State Legislatures Legal Research. (2016). Dependent health coverage and age for healthcare benefits. Retrieved September 22, 2017, from http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/dependent-health-coverage-state-implementation.aspx
95. B
Homeowners. Homeowners insurance covers damage to a house's structure that occur during destructive events. Roof damage during a thunderstorm would be covered under homeowners insurance. Weather insurance is usually purchased for events such as outdoor concerts and sporting events, rather than for homes. Life insurance provides a sum to a person's family upon his/her death. Liability insurance protects individuals or businesses when they are at fault.
SOURCE: PD:321, RM
SOURCE: Insurance Information Institute. (2017). What is covered by standard homeowners insurance? Retrieved September 22, 2017, from https://www.iii.org/article/what-coveredstandard-homeowners-policy
96. B
When you have people who are dependent on you. Life insurance provides financial benefits to loved ones in the event of your death. When you have people who are financially dependent on you, you'll want to take out a life insurance policy to ensure that they are taken care of. Age and/or property ownership do not dictate whether or not you need life insurance. Finally, if you have no debt, you are actually less likely to need life insurance than if you have debt because the insurance could be used to pay off your debt in the event of your death.
SOURCE: PD:323, RM
SOURCE: Nerdwallet. (2015, September 1). When should I take out life insurance? Retrieved September 22, 2017, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/ask/question/when-should-take-outlife-insurance-35340
97. A
Day order. Placing a day order lets a broker know that the order will expire at the end of the trading day. If it goes unfilled and the investor still wants it to be executed, the investor will have to place the order again the next day. A good 'til canceled order lets a broker know the order should remain active until the investor terminates it. A fill-or-kill order lets a broker know to cancel an order if it cannot be executed immediately. An all-or-none order lets a broker know not to execute the order unless it can be executed fully.
SOURCE: PD:236, IN
SOURCE: Folger, J. (n.d.) Introduction to order types: Duration. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/intro-to-order-types/duration.asp
98. B
Fill or kill. A fill-or-kill order lets a broker know to cancel the order if it cannot be executed immediately. A good 'til canceled order lets a broker know the order should remain active until the investor terminates it. A day order lets a broker know that the order will expire at the end of the trading day. An all-or-none order lets a broker know not to execute the order unless it can be executed fully.
SOURCE: PD:236, IN
SOURCE: Folger, J. (n.d.) Introduction to order types: Duration. Retrieved September 25, 2017, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/intro-to-order-types/duration.asp
99. A
Protection. Consumer protection attempts to make the consumption of goods and services less risky for the ultimate users of products. In our free market economy, consumers have the right to be protected. If businesses do not try to protect consumers from unsafe products, then government agencies will enforce laws that require businesses to do so. Consumer spending is the total amount of money that is spent on products that are obtained for personal use. Consumer confidence is the faith that ultimate product users have in a business and/or its products. Consumer marketing involves all activities that help to make goods available to ultimate product users.
SOURCE: PM:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007 Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
100. A
Owners often use business plans as a tool to help them achieve their objectives. The business plan is a written document that outlines each area of the business and the strategies it will use to accomplish business goals. The document helps business owners and managers to carry out and monitor objectives and evaluate the accomplishments and outcomes. Lending institutions usually like to review a company's business plan because it helps them weigh the risks associated with the applicant's loan. An operating plan provides information regarding facilities, manufacturing processes, personnel, and materials needed to produce products. All types of businesses should develop business plans, including sole proprietorships, partnerships, corporations, and hybrids.
SOURCE: SM:007, EI
SOURCE: LAP-SM-007 Plan Now, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)
Test 1187
Personal Financial Literacy Exam
1. B
Consideration. In order for a contract to be legally binding, something of value must be exchanged. In this case, the rent is being exchanged for space. Agreement requires an offer be made by one party and accepted by the second party. Competent parties require those entering a contract to be of legal age and to meet other criteria. Legality refers to the terms of the offer being within the law.
SOURCE: BL:002, FD
SOURCE: Stim, R. (2015, April 23). Consideration: Every contract needs it. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/consideration-every-contract-needs33361.html
2. C
Legally binding. In order for a contract to be legally binding, an offer must be made by one party and accepted by the other party. In effect, the two parties are agreeing to the terms stated in the contract. Then, both parties must live up to those terms. All contracts do not need to be notarized, put in written form, or interpreted correctly.
SOURCE: BL:002, FD
SOURCE: Harold Stock & Co. (2013, September 24). When is a contract legally binding? Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.haroldstock.com/contracts/contract-legally-binding/
3. D
Court judgment lien. A debtor-creditor relationship can be based on two different types of debt voluntary and involuntary. Voluntary debt includes any debt that a person or business willingly creates. Examples include automobile loans, mortgages, and lines of credit. Involuntary debt is debt that a person or business does not ask for nor willingly assume. For example, if a court of law finds a business liable for a customer's injuries resulting from a fall on the business's premises, the court may place a judgment lien on the business's property to ensure that the business compensates the customer for her/his injuries. The business doesn't want to take on the debt; instead, the court determines that the business owes the customer money and requires the business to pay the debt. The lien is an involuntary debt for the business.
SOURCE: BL:071, CD
SOURCE: Business Filings. (2012, May 24). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/sbg/run-abusiness/assets/understanding-debtor-creditor-relationship.aspx
4. D
Phishing. A "spoof," or a fake email that appears real, is part of the investment scam called phishing. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website. A pyramid scheme is an investment scam based on a hierarchy in which the scammers lure in investors, who must then recruit new investors, and so on. Each level gives some of its returns to the level above it. Affinity fraud is when someone fraudulently claims to be a member of the same ethnic, religious, career, or community group in order to gain a potential investor's trust. Pump and dump is an investment scam that involves hyping up small, unheard-of stocks. Usually over the Internet, the scammers con unsuspecting investors into buying the stock so its price will go up. Then, the scammers sell out at the high price, leaving the other investors to deal with the inevitable price plummet.
SOURCE: BL:104, IN
SOURCE: Phishing.org. (n.d.). What is phishing? Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.phishing.org/what-is-phishing
5. C
Companies must honestly and publicly disclose their business information. To protect investors from unethical trading activity, government agencies create and enforce laws that securities and investment firms must adhere to. One regulation intended to protect investors is the requirement for companies to honestly and publicly disclose their financial information. This requirement protects individuals from investing in a company that claims it is financially healthier than it truly is. Individuals are not limited to buying and selling five stocks per week. Like all companies, brokerage firms must abide by equal opportunity employment laws but these laws do not specifically protect investors. Newspapers and magazines are not prohibited from reporting on stock market trends.
SOURCE: BL:105, IN
SOURCE: Inc. (2018). SEC disclosure laws and regulations. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/sec-disclosure-laws-and-regulations.html
6. A
Accurate information. Financial professionals often invest money for clients. As a result, they should provide clients with accurate information about the performance of possible investments. Some investments are more secure than others. Those clients who do not want to take risks should know which investment options are the safest. Financial professionals have this information and should supply it to clients. Financial professionals do not necessarily offer payment options. Not all financial professionals supply credit counseling. Financial professionals usually do not supply clients with bank statements.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: CFP Board. (2018). Code of ethics & professional responsibility. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.cfp.net/for-cfp-professionals/professional-standardsenforcement/standards-of-professional-conduct/code-of-ethics-professional-responsibility
7. B
Apologize and resolve the problem immediately. Finance professionals are most likely to build customer loyalty and retention if they resolve any client problems and complaints as soon as possible. Waiting until later to deal with the problem is unwise; while waiting for a call back, the client may become even more upset than s/he already is. Before involving a manager, finance professionals should attempt to resolve their clients' problems themselves. While waiving the client's fees for future transactions can benefit the client, doing so doesn't necessarily resolve the client's problem.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: Excella. (2018). How to build loyalty through the annual client review: Four questions all advisors must ask their clients. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://excellamarketing.com/advisor-resources/how-to-build-loyalty/
8. D
Explaining the benefits and drawbacks of different financial products. One responsibility that finance professionals have is to provide complete product information to clients. This means explaining the benefits as well as the drawbacks of different financial products so that clients can make educated decisions about what to do with their money. When finance professionals communicate openly, their clients are much more likely to trust them. And, when clients trust their finance professionals, they are more likely to become loyal and satisfied customers. Rather than using precise technical language and financial jargon, finance professionals can build more trust by talking to their clients in language that the clients understand. Rather than asking others in the organization to follow up after sales transactions, finance professionals can build trusting relationships with clients by following up with them themselves. Although some clients may only want to be contacted when problems arise, most clients prefer to stay in communication with their finance professionals on a more regular basis.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: Pollard, J. (2018). How financial advisors can build trust with clients. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.theadvisorcoach.com/how-financial-advisors-can-build-clienttrust.html
9. D
Resources. Economic resources are the natural and human resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services. Economic incentives are the monetary motivations for engaging in economic activity. An economic model serves to illustrate a point about economic happenings.
SOURCE: EC:003, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
10. D
Generate retirement income. Most individuals analyze their future financial needs in order to make investments that will generate income in the future. The reason for the investments is to have income to support them during retirement. Individuals estimate future living expenses and make investments in the hope of generating adequate retirement income. Individuals do not make investments based on their future financial needs to avoid paying taxes, set up a trust fund, or develop a living will.
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2017, September). Top 10 ways to prepare for retirement. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.dol.gov/sites/default/files/ebsa/about-ebsa/our-activities/resourcecenter/publications/top-10-ways-to-prepare-for-retirement.pdf
11. D
Distribution. This economic activity examines how the money payments received by resource owners and producers are divided or distributed. Resource owners must feel that the incomes they receive are large enough so that they will continue to be willing to supply resources. Producers must receive enough income so that they are able to continue making or providing goods and services. Consumption is the process or activity of using goods and services. Production is the making of goods and services. Exchange involves the exchange of money payments between producers and the owners of resources.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
12. C
Buying gum. This activity involves the exchange of two things of monetary value, gum and money. Economic activities involve consumption, production, exchange, and distribution. The other alternatives are noneconomic activities.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006 Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
13. B
Profit. In our private enterprise economic system, we have the right to take risks. The main reason people are willing to face business risk is that they hope to make a profit. Jobs, power, and security may be contributing reasons for people to go into business for themselves, but they are not as compelling as profit.
SOURCE: EC:011, RM
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
14. A
Eliminate. A business risk can sometimes be recognized and then eliminated completely. For example, the risk to a business of losing key personnel in an airplane crash can be eliminated by not allowing them to fly. Businesses examine, or study, their potential risks, but they do not intentionally disregard or overlook potential risks that may be harmful or costly.
SOURCE: EC:011, RM
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003 Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
15. C
Remain stable. Inflation is a rapid rise in prices that may occur when demand exceeds supply or when productivity declines and costs of labor go up. Generally, low inflation rates range between 1% and 4%, which indicates a strong economy and stable prices. Although some products' prices fluctuate on a daily basis (e.g., gasoline), not all prices do. High inflation causes a decrease in the value of a nation's currency.
SOURCE: EC:083, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
16. D
It decreases the value of money. Inflation is a rise in prices. When there is a rapid rise in prices, it takes more money to buy the same item. When this occurs, individuals and businesses buy less with the same amount of money the value of money decreases. Inflation can occur when there is an increase in the money supply or when the availability of an item drops, but the demand remains the same or increases. When prices increase, individuals and businesses often have less money to save and invest.
SOURCE: EC:083, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-028 Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
17. C
Win-win. When people collaborate, they work together. A collaborative negotiating style is most likely to create an outcome that benefits both parties. It builds lasting relationships by embracing an "everybody wins" attitude. Use of the accommodating negotiating style often results in a lose-win outcome. The combative and competitive negotiating styles are based on a win-lose attitude. Lose-lose outcomes most often occur when using the avoidance negotiating strategy.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062 Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
18. D
It is easy to steal or lose. Cash, more so than other forms of financial exchange, is easy to steal or lose. Carrying a large amount of cash on you places you at a higher risk for theft. Cash payments do not incur fees the way that some other forms of payment sometimes do. There is a relatively low risk of fraud with cash.
SOURCE: FI:058, SS
SOURCE: Myers, C. (2017, November 21). Advantages and disadvantages of the way customers pay businesses. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantages-way-customers-pay-businesses22024.html
19. A
Currency. Currency is government issued specimen that are accepted as payment for goods and services. Credit cards, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit are not mediums of exchange.
SOURCE: FI:059, SS
SOURCE: Investopedia.com. (2018, July 21). Medium of exchange. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mediumofexchange.asp#axzz25hjB0X28
20. B
Earned income. Income is money that individuals and businesses receive from other sources. Marshall worked to receive wages from his employer, so he has earned income. Unearned income is revenue that individuals and businesses passively obtain. In these situations, individuals or businesses do not actually perform work to obtain the money. Dividends, rent, and transfer payments are examples of unearned income. Transfer payments are monies paid by the government for which no goods or services are received in exchange, such as welfare benefits, veterans' benefits, disaster aid, and unemployment. A capital gain refers to the amount of increase in value of an asset in relation to its price at the time of purchase.
SOURCE: FI:061, EI
SOURCE: Marquit, M. (2016, January 21). Earned income vs. unearned income. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://plantingmoneyseeds.com/earned-income-vs-unearned-income/
21. D
Interest rate. The time value of money is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. For example, when people place their money in a savings account, they earn interest on the amount (principal) that they put into the account. If bank A pays a higher interest rate than bank B, an individual's principal will be worth more in the future by placing it in bank A. Premiums are free items that businesses offer to buyers of particular products. A credit limit is the maximum amount of money that can be owed on a credit account. Tariffs or duties are taxes on imported goods.
SOURCE: FI:062, SS
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
22. A
Credit. Businesses use credit to obtain goods and services to sell, and consumers use credit to purchase those goods and services. Interest is the fee that lenders charge borrowers for the use of credit. Capacity is the individual's ability to earn income, one of the three C's of credit. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
23. C
Bank. Bank credit cards can be used at any business that is affiliated with the system. This gives cardholders a wide range of businesses from which to choose. Retail store, hotel, and petroleum cards are issued by individual companies and may be used only at their facilities.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
24. B
Installment. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. The title for an item purchased on installment credit is made out in the name of the credit user; however, the seller retains a claim on the title until all of the payments have been made. Regular credit accounts are used to obtain small-ticket items during a set period of time, usually 30 days. Budget credit accounts advertise credit terms such as "90 Days Same as Cash." Revolving credit accounts involve setting a credit limit and paying the amount due each month or making minimum, monthly payments on the account.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
25. B
Budget. Budget accounts are often used by furniture or appliance retailers as a form of short-term credit for example, "90 days same as cash" means that customers can purchase goods on credit with the same advantages they would have with cash purchases. Budget accounts do not charge interest if the user makes payments on time. However, if a customer doesn't pay the amount in full by the end of the 90 days, s/he is subject to finance charges applying to the full time period. In revolving credit accounts, the maximum amount of money that the credit user can owe (also known as the credit limit) is set at the time the credit account is opened. Regular credit accounts are also known as open credit accounts because they allow credit users to buy at any time during a set period. At the end of that time, the person or business is expected to pay the entire amount that is due for the purchases made during that period. An installment credit account is designed to handle one credit transaction, which is paid in installments within a certain time period. The credit user makes a down payment and signs an agreement to pay monthly installments until the total is paid.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002 Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
26. D
Saving even a little bit each month will help. Even a small amount of money, invested from an early age over a long period of time, can make a significant contribution to retirement savings. People do not have plenty of time to save for retirement; beginning early allows more time for savings to grow. Social Security benefits are not likely to cover basic living expenses. Due to longer life spans, many people are in retirement longer than 15 years.
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: Lieber, R. (2018, January 9). How to win at retirement savings. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.nytimes.com/guides/business/saving-money-for-retirement
27. C
Limited. Limited resources occur when not enough of them are available for everyone to have as much as they desire. An unlimited resource is available to everyone in any quantity desired. A natural resource is a resource found in nature. A human resource is a person who works to provide goods and services.
SOURCE: EC:003, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014 Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
28. C
Are less likely to become discouraged. Attainable goals are realistic and within reach, so one advantage to setting attainable goals is that you are less likely to become discouraged. Attainable goals will not make you work harder to achieve a very high goal very high goals do not fit the definition of attainable. Being able to picture a goal in your mind is the result of setting a specific goal, not necessarily an attainable one. Being able to measure your progress is the result of setting a measurable goal, also not necessarily an attainable one.
SOURCE: FI:065, FD
SOURCE: Money Management International. (2018). How to: Set and keep personal financial goals. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.moneymanagement.org/BudgetingTools/Credit-Articles/Money-and-Budgeting/How-To-Set-and-Keep-Personal-FinancialGoals.aspx
29. D
Make a list of her goals. The first step to achieving financial goals is identifying the goals and making a list. Prioritizing financial goals comes after making a list of goals. After listing her goals and organizing them by importance, Scarlet will want to evaluate her budget and automate as many payments as possible.
SOURCE: FI:065, SS
SOURCE: Money Management International. (2018). How to: Set and keep personal financial goals. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.moneymanagement.org/BudgetingTools/Credit-Articles/Money-and-Budgeting/How-To-Set-and-Keep-Personal-FinancialGoals.aspx
30. D
$172.44. To calculate how much money Fayth has budgeted for clothing, recreation, and entertainment, first add together the portions of her income that she plans to use for everything else (10% + 38% + 14% + 20% = 82%). She plans to devote 82% of her income to savings, housing and utilities, food, and transportation. Since she wants to set the rest of her pay aside for clothing, recreation, and entertainment, subtract the percentage of her income spent on everything else from 100% (100 - 82 = 18%). Finally, multiply her income per pay period by 18% to find how much money she plans to spend on clothing, recreation, and entertainment ($958 X 18% = $172.44).
SOURCE: FI:066, SS
SOURCE: Clark. (2018). How to create a budget, track your spending and reach your goals. Retrieved September 12, 2018, from http://clark.com/story/tracking-spending-best-way-maintainbudget/
31. D
Keep receipts. When tracking expenses, it is important to use receipts as a record of spending in order for your budget to be accurate. Only using cash payments will not help you track expenses; actually, cash transactions are more difficult to track. Spending as little as possible will help you save money but will not necessarily make it easier to track expenses. Finally, fixed expenses are the same each month, so they generally do not have to be estimated.
SOURCE: FI:066, SS
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2018). How to create a personal budget: Tracking expenses. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://content.moneyinstructor.com/423/creatingbudget-expenses.html
32. D
Compounding. Compounding takes place whenever you earn interest on interest. It has the potential to increase the value of an investment exponentially over time. Zach's original investment of $300 grew by $30 over the first year. In the second year, Zach experienced a 10% gain on his original $300 plus on the additional $30 that he had earned during the first year. In the third year, Zach experienced another 10% on his original $300 plus on the additional $63 that he had earned during the first two years. Opportunity cost refers to the trade-off that occurs when you choose one alternative over another. Banking services is a career area in which employees are primarily concerned with accepting deposits, lending funds, and extending credit to bank customers. Globalization refers to the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2018). Compound interest. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp?lgl=no-infinite
33. C
Save money for emergency situations. It is important to allocate a portion of savings to pay for unexpected expenses that occur in day-to-day life. At some point, everyone will have a car or home appliance that breaks down and needs repaired or replaced. Individuals do not use long-term investments to pay for immediate or short-term expenses. If you don't save money for emergency situations, you may need to cut back on the money you spend on entertainment (e.g., going to the movies) for a while, but you shouldn't need to eliminate entertainment expenses altogether. Investing money that you receive from your tax return will not help you cover unexpected or emergency expenses.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Fowler, J. (2012, August 24). Why an emergency fund is important? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0812/why-an-emergency-fund-isimportant.aspx
34. A
Investing can help you reach your long-term financial goals. Investing has a high rate of return that can allow you to save enough money to retire, send your children to college, and meet any other goals that you may have. It has a higher rate of return than savings accounts. However, investing is not a shortterm deal. It takes time to accumulate wealth. Investing also brings risks, but it also can bring greater reward.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Quicken. (2018). 3 steps to financial planning for long-term goals. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.quicken.com/3-steps-financial-planning-long-term-goals
35. B
Put her money in a savings account. For short-term financial goals, such as Viola's vacation, using a savings account is a better option than investing in the stock market. While Viola won't earn as much in interest as she would in returns, investments fluctuate frequently, are riskier, and take time to become profitable. Viola might lose more money than she makes before her trip. If possible, Viola should not take money from her emergency fund for a vacation because if she does, she will not have the money she needs if an emergency occurs. She also should not put the expenses for the trip on a credit card unless she already has the money to pay off the credit card saved; otherwise, she will get into financial trouble.
SOURCE: FI:270, IN
SOURCE: The Money Advice Service. (n.d.). Should I save or invest money? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk/en/articles/should-i-save-or-invest
36. C
Local fire departments and local law-enforcement agencies. Local governments levy property taxes on land, commercial facilities, and residences within their jurisdictions. Revenues collected from property taxes pay for local services including local road repairs, public schools, fire departments, and law enforcement. The federal government uses the tax revenues that it collects in a variety of ways (e.g., income tax) to fund national security programs and federal correctional facilities. State/Provincial governments collect taxes (e.g., sales tax) to support all levels of education and social welfare initiatives within their jurisdications.
SOURCE: FI:067, EI
SOURCE: Rosen, E. (2018). Property tax basics. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.irs.com/articles/property-tax-basics
37. C
Tax liability. A tax liability is tax that a person or business must pay the government. Certain events, like annual income, an inheritance, and money from the sale of an asset, are taxable. Since citizens must pay money on these sources of income, it is not untaxable income or a tax loophole. Sales tax is a type of tax that is paid on the sale of goods and services.
SOURCE: FI:067, EI
SOURCE: Tax liability. (2018). Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/taxliability.asp
38. A
$519.83. To calculate Brad's gross earnings last week, add together the number of hours that he worked, excluding holiday hours (11 + 8 + 9.5 + 9 + 9 = 46.5). Next, determine his overtime hours by subtracting 40 from the total number of non-holiday hours he worked (46.5 - 40 = 6.5). Calculate Brad's pay for the first 40 hours of his workweek by multiplying his regular pay by 40 hours ($8.70 X 40 = $348.00). Then, calculate his overtime hourly wage by multiplying his regular hourly pay by time and one-half ($8.70 X 1.5 = $13.05). Multiply his overtime hourly wage by the number of overtime hours worked ($13.05 X 6.5 = $84.83). Next, calculate his holiday pay per hour by doubling his regular hourly pay ($8.70 X 2 = $17.40). Multiply his holiday pay per hour by the number of holiday hours worked ($17.40 X 5 = $87.00). Finally, add together his regular pay, his overtime pay, and his holiday pay to find his total gross earnings for the week ($348.00 + $84.83 + $87.00 = $519.83).
SOURCE: FI:068, EI
SOURCE: Lazarony, L. (2016, November 4). How to read your paycheck: Understanding your pay stub. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.credit.com/personal-finance/how-to-readyour-paycheck-stub/
39. C
Track the amount of money she has spent. A check is a negotiable instrument or bank draft made payable to a specific party for a specific amount of money. A check serves as a written promise to the check bearer that money is available in the issuer's bank account. Checks are a common form of financial exchange. Both individuals and businesses use checks to pay for goods and services such as rent, utilities, food, and supplies. When writing a check, an individual or business keeps a check register that records information about the transaction. This information includes the date the check is written, to whom the check is made payable, the amount of the check, and the check number. The register is a central location to record and track all of the checks written and the amount of money spent. Check registers do not help the check issuers determine when to add funds to a savings account, understand the checking account's restrictions and fees, or decide when to order new checks.
SOURCE: FI:069, EI
SOURCE: Mycreditunion.gov. (2018). Understanding a check and balancing a checkbook. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from http://www.mycreditunion.gov/Pages/pocket-cents-understandinga-check-and-balancing-checkbook.aspx
40. C
Checkbook balance. Reconciling a bank statement is the process of determining any differences between the bank statement balance and the checkbook balance. A company's balance sheet is not part of maintaining a personal bank account or its records. Canceled checks and deposit slips are used during bank-statement reconciliation to determine if accurate records have been kept. An installment is a specific sum of money to be paid at regular intervals by the borrower to the lender.
SOURCE: FI:070, SS
SOURCE: Accounting Coach. (2018). Bank reconciliation. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.capitalone.com/financial-education/money-basics/balancing-budget/balanceyour-checkbook/
41. D
Loan. A loan is a sum of money lent to a person or business for a specific time period that is repayable with interest. Credit is the arrangement by which a person purchases now and pays later. A lending institution issues credit cards, which allow people to purchase now and pay later. The lender provides credit card users with a limit within which they can charge purchases. The lender pays for the purchases and then sends the credit card user a bill/statement each month that indicates the monthly minimum payment and interest charges due to the lender. It is important for people to pay credit card balances responsibly so they do not accumulate so much debt that they cannot afford to pay the lender. Using credit for purchases helps a person build a personal credit history, which lenders consider when a person applies for a large loan to purchase a car or a house. An asset is something of value that a person owns. Credit is not an asset or a tax. Because credit is so widely used, it is not necessarily a privilege.
SOURCE: FI:071, CD
SOURCE: Consumer.gov. (2018). Using credit. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.consumer.gov/articles/1010-using-credit
42. C
Pay his bills by the date they are due. The most important thing Eito can do to rebuild his credit is to pay his bills by the date they are due. A lot of new credit can hurt a person's credit history and Eito should not apply for more credit while he is trying to rebuild his credit score. Closing older credit cards is not the best choice because longer-term credit actually helps a person's credit score. Eito should try to lower the amount of money owed instead of increasing it.
SOURCE: FI:072, CD
SOURCE: Consumer.gov. (n.d.). Your credit history. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.consumer.gov/articles/1009-your-credit-history#!what-to-know
43. C
Identity theft. Monitoring financial accounts and reading bank statements helps you identify unusual transactions, purchases, or money withdrawals. If inconsistencies are detected, you can notify your financial-services providers to hold or close your accounts to prevent further use by identity thieves. Intellectual property infringement involves using copyrighted, trademarked, or patented property without the owner's permission. Hijacking is using force to seize a vehicle (e.g., aircraft, car) in transit. Securities fraud involves using deception to convince investors to purchase securities.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Bell, C. (2013, August 1). 7 ways to protect yourself from identity theft: Monitor credit and bank accounts closely. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.bankrate.com/finance/personal-finance/7-ways-protect-yourself-idtheft.aspx#slide=8
44. B
$26,450. Justin's taxable income is equal to his gross income minus any adjustments to income, deductions, and exemptions. Contributions to approved retirement plans, business losses, and alimony payments are all considered to be adjustments to income. So, to determine Justin's taxable income, subtract his contributions to his approved retirement fund, his exemption amount, and his standard deduction from his gross income for the year ($37,800 - $2,000 - $3,650 - $5,700 = $26,450).
SOURCE: FI:074, EI
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 65-67]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
45. D
Direct withdrawal. This occurs when one account holder (Juliet and Tony) gives permission to another account holder (the day care center) to automatically take funds from their bank account. This typically occurs on a regular basis (monthly) for a fixed amount. Online bill pay is when a consumer uses the Internet to pay bills through his/her bank. Manual bill pay involves physically giving cash or check as payment. An endorsement is a signature on the back of the check that entitles the payee to receive payment or transfer payment.
SOURCE: FI:565, SS
SOURCE: BusinessDictionary. (2018). Direct debit payment. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/direct-debit-payment.html
46. D
Set aside two times a month to pay bills. By establishing a schedule for bill paying, you can help yourself pay your bills on time. Generally, paying bills at the middle and the end of each month is an effective schedule to follow. Paying bills as soon as they arrive results in lost interest that could be earned on your money. Many businesses offer customers the option of having the amount of their monthly bills directly deposited into the businesses' accounts rather than the businesses making deposits into customer accounts. Notifying businesses that you will be late making your payments will not keep the businesses from charging late fees on your bills.
SOURCE: FI:565, CD
SOURCE: eHow. (2017, July 27). How to pay monthly bills on time. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.ehow.com/how_519_pay-monthly-bills.html
47. D
Closely reading the terms and conditions. When applying for a credit card, Jasmine should have read the terms and conditions associated with the card closely. Those terms would have indicated the high annual fee that she has to pay. Opening multiple credit card accounts would not help Jasmine avoid paying the annual fee. Paying her credit bill on time would not help Jasmine avoid the annual fee; annual fees are not related to whether or not bills are paid on time. Applying for a lower interest rate would also not necessarily help avoid a high annual fee.
SOURCE: FI:783, CD
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2018, August 27). Credit card annual fee explained. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/credit-card-annual-fee-explained-959986
48. A
Credit union. Amira would likely be happy banking with a credit union. Credit unions are not-for-profit financial institutions that are owned by their members. Because of this, they have the customers' best interests at heart. They also usually have better interest rates and lower fees than some other types of financial institutions. If Amira enjoys doing her banking in person, an Internet bank would likely be a bad choice for her. Internet banks do all of their transactions online. Amira also wouldn't be happy with a commercial bank. Although commercial banks offer a wide array of services, they do not always offer good interest rates. Investment banks don't accept deposits, so they wouldn't be a good choice for Amira. Instead of dealing with the general public, investment banks typically work with businesses.
SOURCE: FI:075, SS
SOURCE: Investopedia. (n.d.). Chapter one—Types of financial institutions and their roles. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/walkthrough/corporatefinance/1/financial-institutions.aspx#axzz2Kb4hzk7e
49. C
Fees. While you might be curious about your investment advisor's hometown, marital status, or personal wealth, these questions should not affect your hiring decision. However, the fees that the advisor charges are important because you need to make sure you can afford to pay the advisor. An advisor's fees can help you decide whether or not to hire him/her.
SOURCE: FI:076, IN
SOURCE: Taylor, S.J. (2014, May 13). 5 questions to ask before choosing a loan officer. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://money.usnews.com/money/personalfinance/articles/2014/05/13/5-questions-to-ask-before-choosing-a-loan-officer
50. B
Obtain referrals from close friends. When seeking a financial planner, Mark should find someone that can be trusted with confidential information, and he can trust his friends to steer him in the right direction. Searching online is not as good of a place to start because Mark is less likely to find someone to whom he can entrust a portion of his financial future. He should interview potential candidates after he has obtained referrals. Mark does not need to contact his bank, though he can if he thinks the bank staff will refer him to a trustworthy financial planner.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: The Wall Street Journal. (n.d.). How to choose a financial planner. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://guides.wsj.com/personal-finance/managing-your-money/how-to-choose-afinancial-planner/
51. B
Ask herself, "What kinds of financial services do I want?" The first thing Rosie should do when selecting a financial-services provider is ask herself what kinds of financial services she wants. This will help her narrow down her focus. When she has an idea of what she wants out of a financial-services provider, she can ask about references, charges, and licenses.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: Repke, W. (2012, February 4). How to select a financial services provider. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://msue.anr.msu.edu/news/how_to_select_a_financial_services_provider
52. A
Conservative. If you are nearing retirement, you want to preserve the money you've accumulated and make sure it's safe. Therefore, you need to invest conservatively, rather than aggressively or moderately. A tax-minimizing approach to investing is an approach you should use throughout your entire life, not just when nearing retirement.
SOURCE: FI:279, IN
SOURCE: Smith, L. (2018, April 6). Using time horizons in investing. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/110813/using-time-horizonsinvesting.asp
53. D
Backgrounds of management. In fundamental analysis, both quantitative and qualitative factors are examined to help in determining a company's value. Quantitative factors include ratios and comparisons. Ratios are used to determine earnings per share and a company's profitability. A comparison of sales over a five-year period is an example of the type of comparisons that investors should make. Qualitative factors are subjective measures such as the company's product mix, the level of competition, backgrounds of management, strategies, and brand strength. Investors should examine both quantitative and qualitative factors to get a better picture of a business's value.
SOURCE: FI:280, IN
SOURCE: McClure, B. (2018). Introduction to fundamental analysis. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/fundamentalanalysis/
54. A
The corporation's website. Public corporations are legally required to release their financial statements. Shareholders and potential investors evaluate the financial statements so they can make informed investing decisions. The financial statements are included in the company's annual report. One way that public corporations make their annual reports available for review is by posting them on their company websites. An employee handbook, a local newspaper, and a product catalog are unlikely to contain current financial information about a public corporation.
SOURCE: FI:274, IN
SOURCE: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (2018). Stock up on information before buying stock. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.finra.org/investors/alerts/stock-informationbuying-stock
55. B
Net change. Newspapers, business publications, and websites publish a securities or stock table, which is a format used to list stock quotes. The table helps investors monitor the performance of their stocks. The net change is a column in the table that indicates the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price, which may increase or decrease (drop). True value, net worth, and true yield are not terms that describe the difference between a stock's closing price and the previous day's price.
SOURCE: FI:275, IN
SOURCE: Dummies. (n.d.). How to read a stock table. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.dummies.com/personal-finance/investing/how-to-read-a-stock-table/
56. C
Investors have access to a fund manager's expertise. A mutual fund is a type of ownership investment that involves collecting money from many people and then investing it in an assortment of different securities such as stocks or bonds. The benefit to shareholders of placing money in mutual funds is that a well-trained fund manager has the expertise to make smart investment decisions on their behalf. Shareholders are not guaranteed a minimal amount of return on their mutual-fund investments, but because the funds are spread out among different securities, the risk of a total financial loss is reduced. Disadvantages to investing in mutual funds are that shareholders pay fees for someone to manage their investments, and the mutual-fund earnings are taxable.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
57. A
Savings account. If Sheila doesn't like to take risks, wants to access all of her money at all times, and doesn't mind earning very little interest, she should consider a savings account. You're always able to access your money, but you receive a low return. A stock is much riskier than a savings account you actually own part of the company, so you have the rights and responsibilities that go along with ownership. This means you can make a big profit, but you can also lose a large amount of money if the stock decreases in value or if the company goes out of business. While a certificate of deposit (CD) doesn't have a high risk, you aren't able to access your money at all for a set period of time. A money market account (MMA) is low risk, but you are only able to access some of your money each month, and you usually have to keep a certain amount of money in your account.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
58. D
Collectibles and real estate. Ownership investments are those in which an individual purchases a portion or all of an item. Collectibles (e.g., coins and antiques), real estate (e.g., buildings and land), and stocks (shares of a corporation) are types of ownership investments. With a lending investment, you allow someone to borrow your money for a period of time. In return, you earn a fee or interest on the amount that you lend. Examples of lending investments are savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
59. A
Potentially high fees. Mutual funds carry the advantage of professional management however, it comes at a price. High fees may cut into a mutual fund investor's returns. Mutual fund investors don't risk their personal time and effort like entrepreneurs do. As ownership investments, mutual funds have a high potential for return. There is no penalty for early withdrawal from a mutual fund.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
60. C
Stock. A stock (or share) is a piece of paper whether real or virtual that says an investor owns part of a corporation. As an owner (or shareholder), the investor has the rights and responsibilities of ownership (attending shareholders' meetings, voting, receiving a portion of the company's earnings, etc.). A money market account is a lending investment in which an individual lends a minimum amount of money to a bank to earn interest. Real estate is an ownership investment in which individuals purchase property in buildings and land. Collectibles are objects or items collected by someone who has an interest in the sport, activity, etc.; in investing, the collector hopes to eventually resell the items at a profit.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077 Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
61. C
401(k) plans. Many employers offer 401(k) plans, which are defined-contribution pension plans, to their employees. Employees contribute to their 401(k) plans on a pretax basis, and many employers match employees' contributions up to a certain percentage. Both the employee's and employer's contributions become part of the employee's nest-egg for retirement. A traditional IRA (individual retirement account) is a personal savings plan that an employee can set up independent of her/his employer. Contributions to a traditional IRA are usually tax deductible, but the money in the account is taxed when it is withdrawn during retirement. Money contributed to a Roth IRA is not tax deductible, but the money withdrawn from a Roth IRA during retirement is not taxed. A Keogh plan is a defined contribution pension plan specifically for self-employed individuals. Contributions to a Keogh plan are typically tax-deductible, but withdrawals from the account during retirement are taxed.
SOURCE: FI:569, EI
SOURCE: Smart401K. (2018). Company match. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.smart401k.com/resource-center/retirement-investing-basics/company-match
62. B
Medical care. The cost of medical care tends to increase significantly later in life, and a good retirement plan considers how to meet those costs. Usually by the time of retirement, the costs of a mortgage have been eliminated. There is usually less need for life insurance later in life. Legal costs are not a big consideration of retirement planning.
SOURCE: FI:569, EI
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 318-319]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
63. C
Investors can rely on reputable, independent sources for analysis of financial statements. By using reliable, independent sources, an investor can be relatively certain the EPS (and other) figures are consistent and useful. Financial ratios are useful to people besides financial managers and investors, including lenders, suppliers, and the government. A line-by-line analysis of a company's financial statements is not necessarily the best way to understand the value of a stock. As investors, we look at ratios that help us determine whether to buy, sell, or hold a company's stock. Finally, depending on a company's accounting policies, it's possible for earnings to be distorted. Accounting decisions, which directly affect earnings, are made at the discretion of each company.
SOURCE: FI:281, IN
SOURCE: Tucker, Joy. (2017, September 14). The basics of financial statement analysis: from a credit professional's perspective. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://nacm.org/nacmblog/3112-starters-guide-to-financial-statement-analysis.html
64. B
Not very often. An investor should not sell his/her investments very often. Frequent selling is common in market timing. Investments that lose money in the short term are not necessarily bad performers over time. In general, investors should avoid selling for emotional reasons, such as "feeling like" making a change.
SOURCE: FI:284, IN
SOURCE: Gad, S. (2018, January 3). When to sell a stock. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/10/when-to-sell-stocks.asp
65. A
Health. Many businesses offer health insurance as part of their employee benefit plan. Some businesses pay all of the premiums for their employees' coverage while others charge their employees a portion of the expense. Health insurance often is an important part of an employee's overall compensation package. Automobile, property, and liability insurance usually are the responsibility of the individual employee.
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2018, September 8). Types of employee benefits and perks. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/types-of-employee-benefits-and-perks2060433
66. C
Liability. Liability insurance provides compensation for losses caused by injuries, accidents, and negligence. It protects businesses like Ruchita's from having to pay for liability-related costs themselves. Life insurance provides coverage to beneficiaries when the policyholder dies. Property insurance compensates business owners if their buildings, equipment, or inventory are damaged or lost. If a fire or flood wipes out a business's inventory, property insurance can help the business avoid complete financial ruin. Health insurance helps employees pay for their doctor visits, medicine, and any other health care related expenses.
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Hamel, G. (n.d.). Types of insurance explained. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-insurance-explained-41590.html
67. C
Insurance policy. Transference is a risk-response strategy that involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or something else. An insurance policy, which is a common transference device, is a contractual agreement in which one company (the insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (the insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). Smoke alarms help to mitigate or reduce the damage that a fire could cause to a property. A contingency plan is a set of specific guidelines and activities used when responding to undesirable circumstances. Businesses need to develop contingency plans in the event that risks that they have accepted actually occur. A risk checklist is a standardized list of risks that a business faces on a regular basis. It is often used to speed up the risk-identification process.
SOURCE: SM:075, RM
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
68. B
Price quotation. A price quotation is an estimate of the costs associated with a project or product. Companies (e.g., advertising agencies) often provide specifications that require one or more vendors to provide them with a price quotation to complete a particular business activity, such as a catalog or brochure print job. The price quotation allows the company or agency to determine which vendor would best meet their needs in a cost-effective manner. After completing the project, the vendor sends an invoice (bill) to the agency. If the agency thinks that the bill is too high, it can refer to the price quotation it was given before beginning the project and compare the quotation with the bill. The printer's item number, delivery date, and inventory reports would not be helpful in determining if there are costassociated problems on the invoice.
SOURCE: FI:327, SS
SOURCE: Business Dictionary. (2018). Quoted price. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/quoted-price.html
69. A
The invoice originator. An invoice is a bill for goods or services provided by a vendor to another company. If an advertising agency employee has a question about an invoice that s/he received from a vendor, s/he should contact the invoice originator, which is most often the vendor that provided the goods or services. The agency's accounts receivable clerk, the departmental supervisor, and the agency's attorney may not be able to answer specific questions about a vendor's invoice.
SOURCE: FI:327, SS
SOURCE: Accounting Coach. (2018). Accounts payable. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/accounts-payable/explanation/2
70. B
$1,500. To calculate the future value of her investment, multiply the principal by the simple interest rate ($6,000 X 0.05 = $300). Then, multiply that product by the number of years ($300 X 5 = $1,500).
SOURCE: FI:238, IN
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 163-165]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
71. D
Ensures that your assets are divided the way you want them to be. Estate planning gives you the opportunity to determine who will get your assets when you die. It also designates how much each beneficiary will receive from the estate. Effective estate planning will keep your beneficiaries from having to pay estate taxes, thereby maximizing the amount of money that they inherit. Foundations would only receive your assets if they have been designated as beneficiaries. Retirement planning, rather than estate planning, encourages you to develop financial goals. To avoid probate court, your assets would have to be put into a trust. Just having a will does not keep your beneficiaries out of probate court.
SOURCE: FI:572, FD
SOURCE: AICPA. (2018). Estate planning basics. Retrieved September 22, 2018, from http://www.360financialliteracy.org/Topics/Retirement-Planning/Estate-Planning-Basics
72. B
Lower. APR stands for annual percentage rate, which represents the amount of interest on your total loan that you'll pay annually. It takes into account the interest rates, the length of the loan agreement, and other fees or charges. If you have a lower APR, your monthly payments will be lower. A higher APR means higher monthly payments. Whether or not monthly payments are stable or fluctuating depends on whether or not the interest rate is fixed or adjustable.
SOURCE: FI:625, CD
SOURCE: U.S. Bank. (2018). What is the APR on a mortgage? Retrieved September 13, 2018, from https://www.usbank.com/home-loans/mortgage/what-is-mortgage-apr.aspx
73. C
Flexible scheduling. Offering a flexible schedule or flex-time is a work-life balance benefit that many employees desire to have, so it may help attract and keep top employees. Competitive pay, worker's compensation, and health insurance do not represent benefits that help an employee manage work-life balance.
SOURCE: HR:467, EI
SOURCE: Johnston, K. (n.d.) What are the components of a comprehensive total rewards and motivation system? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/components-comprehensive-total-rewards-motivationsystem-36942.html
74. C
Look into the author's credentials. Authority means being a qualified expert on the subject. Sources of information should have authority to be considered reliable. To evaluate authority, Deena should look into the author's credentials to see whether or not the author is an expert source. Authors who have been published many times in other reputable sources generally can be considered authoritative. Seeing when the source was published is a way to evaluate timeliness rather than authority. Checking to see if facts and statistics are cited is a way to evaluate accuracy, not authority. Looking for signs of bias is a way to evaluate objectivity rather than authority.
SOURCE: NF:079, FD
SOURCE: Elmer E. Rasmuson Library. (2018). Evaluating information resources. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://library.uaf.edu/ls101-evaluation
75. B
Her insurance company. Since Jamie has comprehensive insurance coverage, all damages will be covered by her insurance company even though Jamie is at fault for the accident. The other driver's insurance company would not pay for Jamie's damages since Jamie was at fault. Since the other driver was not at fault, s/he is not responsible for the damages.
SOURCE: OP:372, RM
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 208-209]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
76. C
Overestimates the amount of loss. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. If a business deliberately overestimates the amount of loss in an attempt to receive a larger settlement, it might be involved in insurance fraud. The business is trying to obtain compensation for a loss it did not incur. A business is not involved in insurance fraud if it attempts to reduce the coverage, calculates the value of property, or limits its scope of liability.
SOURCE: OP:187, RM
SOURCE: FBI. (2018). Insurance fraud. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.fbi.gov/statsservices/publications/insurance-fraud
77. D
Dynamic. Goals are dynamic, meaning they are flexible and can be changed. In this case, Chris changed his career goal from grooming horses to giving riding lessons. Good goals are specific, measurable, and effective, but Chris's example does not illustrate these traits.
SOURCE: PD:018, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
78. B
Clarifying the goal in your own mind. A benefit of writing down your goal is being able to clarify it in your own mind as you look at it on paper. Changing your goal when necessary is a benefit of reviewing and updating your goal regularly. Sequencing smaller subgoals is a benefit of breaking down your main goal. And, picturing what it would be like to reach your goal is visualizing your goal.
SOURCE: PD:018, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016 Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
79. C
Asking questions. Before individuals can make decisions, they need to obtain information about the problem or situation. One way of gathering information is to ask questions of friends, family, coworkers, or supervisors. Asking questions enables individuals to gather additional information that may be useful in helping them make good decisions. Watching movies, writing letters, and reading novels are not ways of obtaining information to use in decision-making.
SOURCE: PD:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017 Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
80. B
Logic. Decision-making is the process of choosing among alternatives. Many factors influence how a person makes decisions. When a businessperson gathers facts, and reviews them from a variety of perspectives without bias, s/he is using logic to make a decision. Emotions are feelings based on attitudes, values, and temperament. Intuition is a person's "gut feeling" or insight about something. Experiences are past occurrences. Emotions, intuition, and experiences are internal factors that often affect a person's decisions; however, these options do not involve objectively reviewing facts from a variety of perspectives.
SOURCE: PD:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017 Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
81. D
Job shadowing. To obtain information about specific occupations and careers, it is sometimes possible to follow an employee who performs a certain job. This is an example of job shadowing, and gives an individual the opportunity to find out exactly what a certain job involves. An individual might follow an employee for a few days, watch what the employee does, listen to conversations with coworkers, and possibly help with simple tasks. Volunteering involves donating time to complete a project. An internship is training in which schools and businesses cooperate to provide on-the-job practice for learners. Although an individual shadowing an employee might ask questions, following an employee is not an example of interviewing.
SOURCE: PD:022, EI
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2018, August 21). What is job shadowing and how it can help your career. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/what-is-jobshadowing-2062024
82. C
Aptitudes. Aptitudes are abilities needed for a specific job or the natural talents for learning specific skills. Individuals should find out if they have the aptitudes to do the jobs that are of interest to them. For example, a person who is interested in banking might not do well in math courses. Although the person has an interest in banking, s/he does not have the aptitude to be successful in that occupation. Behavior is the manner in which individuals act. Attitude is the way a person looks at life. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly.
SOURCE: PD:023, EI
SOURCE: Johnson O'Connor Research Foundation. (n.d.). Interests vs. aptitudes. Retrieved on September 19, 2018, from http://www.jocrf.org/aptitudes/interests-vs-aptitudes
83. B
Math teacher. Individuals must consider many personal factors when deciding which career to pursue, including their interests, aptitudes, and personality traits. When determining the career in which she will be most happy and successful, Alexa must consider all of these factors. Because she enjoys working with children and has an aptitude for helping them understand puzzles and numerical formulas, she might consider a career as a math teacher. Graphic designers, computer programmers, and financial planners should have an aptitude for mathematical concepts, but these careers do not involve working with children.
SOURCE: PD:023, EI
SOURCE: Johnson O'Connor Research Foundation. (n.d.). Interests vs. aptitudes. Retrieved on September 19, 2018, from http://www.jocrf.org/aptitudes/interests-vs-aptitudes
84. C
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers, and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing. Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer service representatives. This position gives them experience in working with customers and learning the business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department. Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level positions in marketing.
SOURCE: PD:025, EI
SOURCE: LAP-PD-015 Go For It! (Careers in Business)
85. D
Salary requirements. It is not necessary for applicants to specify their salary requirements on a job application. Applicants usually want to have the opportunity to discuss salary in person rather than run the risk of asking for too much or too little before obtaining an interview. Educational background, contact information, and professional experience are examples of the types of information that should be included in a job application.
SOURCE: PD:027, EI
SOURCE: GFCLearnFree. (1998-2018). Job applications: Completing a job application. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/jobapplications/completing-a-jobapplication/1/
86. D
Write in "unknown." On occasion, people will encounter questions on employment applications for which they do not know the answer. When this situation occurs, it is acceptable to write "unknown" in the space. This indicates that the applicant has read the question but either doesn't have the information available or doesn't know the answer. It is always better to write in "unknown" or "NA" than to leave a blank space that might make an employer think that an applicant forgot to answer the question. Applicants should never make up answers. Employment applications are not allowed to contain the types of questions that would obtain strictly personal information from applicants, such as age or religious preference.
SOURCE: PD:027, EI
SOURCE: GFCLearnFree. (1998-2018). Job applications: Completing a job application. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/jobapplications/completing-a-jobapplication/1/.
87. C
A job interview for the applicant. A letter of application is often called a cover letter because it is usually sent along with a résumé. The intent of the job applicant is to obtain a job interview by introducing him/herself in the letter and presenting background information in the résumé. A job seeker who receives a letter in response to a letter of application is not likely to be receiving good news since most businesses use letters to reject applicants. The business may respond by telephoning the applicant or asking for a résumé if none has been sent, but setting up an interview is the most desirable outcome for the applicant.
SOURCE: PD:030, EI
SOURCE: GCFLearnFree. (1998-2018). Crafting your cover letter. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/coverletters/crafting-your-cover-letter/1/
88. B
On the Internet. People often write letters of application when responding to jobs listed online. The purpose of the letter is to briefly explain the person's qualifications for the advertised job. The letter of application, or cover letter, usually accompanies the person's resume. People usually do not find job leads in publicity brochures. People who see "help wanted" signs in store windows generally apply in person rather than write letters of application. Finally, a letter of application is less likely when the job is found through networking because the person has already had the chance to explain his/her qualifications while networking.
SOURCE: PD:030, EI
SOURCE: Isaacs, K. (2018). Should you always send a cover letter? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/cover-letter-point-counterpoint
89. A
Former employers. The reference section of a résumé should list two or three people who can provide information about you. The best references are former employers, because they can accurately describe your work habits, abilities, and attitudes toward the job. Prospective employers will want to contact these references to find out if you performed satisfactorily in former positions. Potential employers usually do not want to contact your classmates, family members, and coworkers because they are personal references who may be unable to provide unbiased information about you.
SOURCE: PD:031, EI
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2018, August 22). How to list references on a resume. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/should-you-include-references-on-yourresume-2062976
90. B
Lengthy. Effective résumés should provide sufficient information to adequately explain the applicant's qualifications without being lengthy. Most employers have limited time and want to be able to obtain the important information in a résumé as quickly as possible. The ideal résumé is one page in length and presents important facts in as few words as possible. The information in a résumé should be concise but also as specific and detailed as necessary in order to provide an accurate explanation of the applicant's qualifications.
SOURCE: PD:031, EI
SOURCE: Monster. (2018). 4 secrets of writing a short, sweet and successful resume. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/secrets-of-shortsuccessful-resume
91. D
Financing. The purpose of loan products is to provide short-term or long-term financing. There are various types of loan products depending on the need. For example, a business might obtain a shortterm loan to cover expenses during the off season. Or, it might obtain a long-term loan to build a new facility and expand. The loans provide the financing, or money, needed to meet those needs. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower that is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Income is money received by resource owners and by producers for supplying goods and services to consumers. Interest is money payments for the use of borrowed money.
SOURCE: PD:155, CD
SOURCE: Curtis, G. (2017, November 27). Different needs, different loans. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/07/loan_types.asp
92. B
Protect customers from unfair or discriminatory treatment. Insurance companies are regulated and supervised in order to protect insurance customers from various unfair or discriminatory practices. Insurance companies are not regulated in order to maximize the profits of the insurance industry, to improve the relationships among insurance companies, or to encourage insurance companies to be more efficient.
SOURCE: PD:289, RM
SOURCE: Rocky Mountain Insurance Information Association. (2018). Insurance regulation. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.rmiia.org/industry/Insurance_Regulation.asp
93. B
Lower than an individual policy. Health insurance purchased through an employer usually costs less than individual policies because it can be purchased at group rates. Some employers pay a portion of health insurance costs, but many offer the opportunity and let the employee pay the entire cost. The government does not typically cover the employee's cost for a health insurance policy.
SOURCE: PD:320, RM
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [p. 47]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
94. D
Require little or no experience. Entry-level jobs are the beginning point in most occupations because they require little or no experience. Many people entering the workplace for the first time do not have a lot of work experience, if any. Therefore, they often begin their careers in entry-level jobs to gain the experience they need to be able to advance and move up the career ladder. Not all entry-level jobs offer very low compensation. Many entry-level jobs are the stepping stones to advancement once workers have more experience. Entry-level jobs are available in all types of businesses, regardless of size.
SOURCE: PD:034, EI
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2018, September 13). An entry-level job: a foot in the door. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/what-is-an-entry-level-job1918126
95. A
Buy. When Jack tells his broker he wants to purchase 50 shares of ABC stock, he is placing a buy order. A stop order is a buy or sell order that instructs a broker to execute a trade when a certain price is reached or passed. A limit order is a buy or sell order that specifies a price limit at which to execute the trade. A sell order instructs a broker to sell a stock, not to purchase it.
SOURCE: PD:236, IN
SOURCE: Folger, J. (n.d.) Introduction to order types: Duration. Retrieved September 15, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/university/intro-to-order-types/duration.asp
96. A
Testing products very carefully. Even though products have been well designed, they should also be thoroughly tested before they are put on the market. The tests should be done according to the ways in which consumers will use the products. Promoting products to target audiences is an aspect of promotion. Modifying products to meet consumer demand and marketing them in new geographic areas are aspects of product/service management but are not involved with consumer protection.
SOURCE: PM:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007 Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
97. D
Financial loss. Businesses that fail to provide adequate consumer protection may experience financial loss caused by consumer lawsuits, government fines, defective products that cannot be sold, and unsafe products that must be removed from the market. Businesses that do not protect consumers also do not protect themselves and, as a result, may lose a significant amount of money or even go out of business. Customers may experience personal injury, property damage, or physical harm if businesses fail to provide adequate consumer protection.
SOURCE: PM:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007 Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
98. A
They can increase a business's expenses. Government regulations often increase a business's expenses. These added expenses may result from efforts to comply with the law and to produce safe products. Or they may result from failing to comply with the law and producing unsafe products. Product development can become more expensive because of government regulations. Because of government regulations, businesses often have to spend time and money to correct problems. Businesses must often carry more insurance to protect themselves.
SOURCE: PM:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007 Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
99. B
"What can you offer that no one else can?" When negotiating the terms of a sale or agreement, it is a good idea to use leverage and determine what value the other person has to offer. Jane can determine what value Mateo is willing to add including a lower fee by asking him what sets him apart from competitors. Asking for the lowest price, competitors' pricing, or why she needs to pay fees are not as likely to give Jane the negotiating leverage she needs to obtain a lower fee.
SOURCE: SE:392, FD
SOURCE: O'Connell, B. (2016, October 29). Yes, you can negotiate fees with your financial advisor. Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://www.thestreet.com/story/13864666/1/yes-youcan-negotiate-fees-with-your-financial-advisor.html
100. C
Pure. A flood is a pure risk because it only brings the possibility of loss or no loss, but no gain. A speculative risk can bring loss, no change, or gain. A financial risk is a financial event or situation that directly impact's a company's cash flow, such as inflation or accounting errors. An operational risk is caused by employees' actions or by routine business activities.
SOURCE: SM:075, RM
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075 Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
Test 1210
Personal Financial Literacy Exam
1. C
They clearly outline both sides of an agreement. Legally binding contracts are meant to clearly outline an agreement. This way, disputes and litigation can hopefully be avoided. Legally binding contracts don't actually have to be written; they can still be valid if they're verbal, but they're much easier to prove if they are in writing. Breaking a contract doesn't always result in a lawsuit or jail time. In fact, most people avoid lawsuits at all costs, since they tend to be expensive and lengthy. Contracts are only enforceable for legal acts.
SOURCE: BL:002, FD
SOURCE: Laurence, B. (2019). Contracts 101: Make a legally valid contract. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/contracts-101-make-legally-valid30247.html
2. A
MON Company. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another individual or business, which is the creditor. In the situation presented, MON Company is the creditor because the company has the finances to extend credit to Mrs. Jones (the debtor), allowing her to pay later. Pedro Sanchez is an employee of the creditor. The location of the company is not a factor in determining the debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071, CD
SOURCE: Wolters Kluwer. (2019). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/research-topics/running-your-business/assetstrategies/understanding-the-debtorcreditor-relationship
3. A
Reduce the risk of gaps in coverage. Governments regulate the insurance industry to make sure that insurance companies do not have major gaps in coverage. When there are gaps in coverage, consumers are at much greater financial risk. Raising insurance prices, creating challenges for insurance agents, and making coverage more exclusive are not aims of regulating the insurance industry.
SOURCE: BL:101, RM
SOURCE: National Association of Insurance Commissioners. (n.d.). State insurance regulation: History, purpose, and structure. Retrieved September 4. 2019, from https://www.naic.org/documents/consumer_state_reg_brief.pdf
4. A
Banning illegal insider trading. Illegal insider trading occurs when a person sells or buys a security because of knowledge that is not public. This activity is illegal because it would be unfair for certain people to base decisions on knowledge that the general public does not have. By banning this practice, the market is more fair. Corporate taxes, hiring discrimination, and misleading advertisements are not related to the securities and investments industry.
SOURCE: BL:105, IN
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2013, June 10). What we do. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.sec.gov/Article/whatwedo.html#laws
5. C
Acting in the best interests of their clients. In the financial industry, a fiduciary is a financial professional who has been given legal authority to make financial transactions on behalf of an individual or business— the owner of the financial product (e.g., stock). Because the fiduciary has been given legal authority to act on behalf of a client, s/he must act in the best interest of the client. Fiduciary responsibility involves making wise financial decisions and obtaining financial products that will help the client achieve his/her financial goals. A fiduciary does not focus on selling products that generate the highest commissions or make risky investments without the client's knowledge. A responsible, ethical fiduciary is transparent and trustworthy and continuously communicates with her/his clients rather than communicating with them only once a year.
SOURCE: BL:133, IN
SOURCE: Barone, A. (2019, May 4). What are some examples of fiduciary duty? Retrieved September 4, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042915/what-are-some-examplesfiduciary-duty.asp
6. C
Telling her customers about banking products. As a bank teller, Jana processes the customers' bank transactions and often tells them about the bank's products, such as credit cards, club accounts, and savings bonds. Certified finance professionals (financial planners) manage business retirement funds, and authorized stockbrokers trade commodities on behalf of their clients. Processing payroll for other businesses is beyond the scope of a teller's responsibilities.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, June 4). What does a bank teller do? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/bank-teller-job-description-salary-and-skills-2061707
7. A
Jonathan, because his customers feel that they can trust him. Jonathan educates his customers about his products, explaining the positives as well as the negatives. By doing so, Jonathan presents himself as a truthful, trustworthy individual. Customers are much more likely to return to Jonathan and refer others to him because they see him as a person they can trust. There is no indication that Jonathan provides his customers with too much information. Hank is not likely to retain and grow his client base simply because he is optimistic. And, while customers appreciate an upbeat salesperson, they are likely to get angry with Hank if something goes wrong that Hank could have warned them about. Angry, displeased customers are unlikely to return to Hank or refer others to him in the future.
SOURCE: CR:012, FD
SOURCE: Cussen, M.P. (2019, August 19). 8 qualities that make a good insurance agent. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/1212/8-qualities-thatmake-a-good-insurance-agent.aspx
8. C
Human. Human resources are people who work to produce goods and services. Natural resources are found in nature and are used to produce goods and services. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used in the production of goods and services. Resources are considered limited because there are not enough available to satisfy all the people who desire them.
SOURCE: EC:003, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
9. C
Economic. Economic wants have monetary value. These can be desires for tangible goods or for intangible items. A noneconomic want has no monetary value. These goods and services are considered free goods. Wants are considered unlimited because people desire more goods and services than they can obtain.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
10. A
Capital and consumer goods. Societies must determine how to direct, or allocate, their scarce resources between the production of capital and consumer goods in order to satisfy consumption. If more resources are used to produce capital goods, fewer resources will be available to produce consumer goods. Consumer demand usually dictates the types of consumer goods that are produced: either machine or handmade and simple or complex. While a society produces its own domestic products, foreign products are manufactured by other countries.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
11. A
Economizing. Economizing involves obtaining the greatest possible satisfaction from one's limited resources. Scarcity is the conflict between limited resources and unlimited wants. Producers make goods and services. Distribution is the process or activity by which income is divided among resource owners. Michelle is not creating scarcity or increasing distribution. There is no indication that she produces anything.
SOURCE: EC:001, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
12. C
Build strong relationships. Negotiation can be a means of strengthening long-term relationships with customers, suppliers, coworkers, and other businesses. Negotiation demands a spirit of cooperation. Entering negotiation with the idea of getting a certain action, keeping negative people quiet, or getting something done will not produce a situation that allows everyone to feel they have gained through the process.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
13. B
Win-win. When people collaborate, they work together. A collaborative negotiating style is most likely to create an outcome that benefits both parties. It builds lasting relationships by embracing an “everybody wins” attitude. Use of the accommodating negotiating style often results in a lose-win outcome. The combative and competitive negotiating styles are based on a win-lose attitude. Lose-lose outcomes most often occur when using the avoidant negotiating strategy.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
14. B
Repeat or summarize the other person's statements. You can show that you're actively listening by repeating or summarizing the other person's statements or by asking for clarification. Active listening is important because it keeps you from missing an important point. You don't want to think about what you'll say next while the other person is speaking—this makes it impossible to listen. Even if you have strong emotions, it's important to keep your emotions out of the negotiation, as reacting emotionally could derail the discussion and negatively affect your credibility. It's important to keep a positive, open, and objective attitude when negotiating, but this is something you should do whether or not you're actively listening.
SOURCE: EI:062, FD
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
15. C
Capital expenditures. All new ventures must plan for capital expenditures on the equipment and supplies needed to operate the business. Only established businesses need to plan for expansion and continuous improvement costs. Legal battles can occur, but they are not a major cost that every startup has to consider.
SOURCE: EN:009, EI
SOURCE: Beesley, C. (n.d.) How to estimate the cost of starting a business from scratch. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.mbda.gov/news/blog/2011/11/how-estimate-coststarting-business-scratch
16. B
Pay interest on purchases. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals or businesses can purchase now and pay later. Many types of businesses (e.g., banks, large retailers) offer credit cards to consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services. Usually, the credit card issuer sends the credit card holder a monthly statement. The information on the statement includes a list of the purchases made during the billing cycle and the amount owed for the purchases, which includes the interest charges. If the credit card holder pays the minimum amount due, the amount of interest owed accumulates on the balance due until the debt is paid off. Because interest rates can be high, this can be a disadvantage to the credit card holder. It is important to establish a good credit rating in order to borrow money in the future from other lenders. Therefore, establishing a credit rating is not necessarily a disadvantage. Credit card holders do not earn quarterly dividends on their credit cards. Temporary deferment of cash payment is an advantage to credit card holders.
SOURCE: FI:058, CD
SOURCE: NerdWallet. (2019, August 16). What is a credit card? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/nerdscholar/credit-card/
17. C
Money. Money is the most common medium of exchange. Countries use different forms of currency. For example, the Japanese use the yen, Mexico uses the peso, many European countries use the euro, and the United States and Canada use the dollar. A bond is a lending security, and stock is an ownership security.
SOURCE: FI:059, SS
SOURCE: Phelps, C.D. (2017, September 26). Types of foreign currency. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://pocketsense.com/types-of-foreign-currency-13636193.html
18. D
Interest from a savings account. Interest from a savings account is considered unearned income. Unearned income is any income that comes from investments and other sources that are not related to employment. A salary, tips from waiting tables, and union strike benefits are all considered to be earned income—taxable income and wages from employment.
SOURCE: FI:061, EI
SOURCE: Marquit, M. (2012, March 1). Earned income vs. unearned income. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://mirandamarquit.com/earned-income-vs-unearned-income/
19. C
Less spending power. The time value of money is the concept that dollars received in the future will be worth less than a dollar received today because of the impact of inflation. Exchange rates rise and fall and refer to the transfer of one currency into another.
SOURCE: FI:062, SS
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [p. 83]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
20. A
A credit union. Credit unions are cooperative financial institutions that are owned by their members. These institutions usually have some requirement for membership, such as working for a certain company, belonging to a certain labor union, or living in a certain geographic area. Similar to banks, they provide savings accounts and credit services. They usually offer their members small loans, installment credit, and low interest rates. Commercial banks are full-service banks that offer a variety of credit services, including secured and unsecured loans, installment credit, and bank credit cards. Savings and loan associations began as home loan institutions. Today, they make loans similar to those made by commercial banks, but many of their loans are still for real estate purchases. Sales finance companies offer credit through retailers such as car dealerships.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
21. A
The convenience of buying now and paying later. Credit cards offer many advantages, including the convenience of buying needed items now and paying later. Other advantages of credit include the security of not needing to carry cash, fraud protection, and in some cases rewards for making purchases. Having a credit card does not mean that you have the ability to spend unlimited money. Most credit cards have credit limits that determine the maximum amount of money you are able to spend each credit period. Most credit cards also have high interest charges on unpaid credit balances. When you fail to pay off your credit card balance, your credit score is lowered—making it more difficult for you to receive loans.
SOURCE: FI:002, CD
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
22. B
College fund. In many cases, paying for college is a future financial need for which many individuals and married couples plan. In order to make sure sufficient money will be available to pay for college, individuals often establish a college fund. This may be set up with a bank or an investment company. People often set aside a certain amount to invest on a monthly basis so the fund will have a certain value by the time it is needed to pay college expenses. A living will involves a person's wishes concerning medical issues. A work history is a list of jobs a person has had during his/her life. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage emotions in ourselves and in others.
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: Savingforcollege.com. (2018, August 29). What is a 529 plan? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from http://www.savingforcollege.com/intro_to_529s/what-is-a-529-plan.php
23. B
Save more than he spends. By saving for retirement, he is ensuring that his life post-retirement is about the same standard as pre-retirement. Counting on an inheritance is risky. Investing in his factory's savings plan might be a smart step for Don, especially if the factory will match his contributions. Retiring later than planned will not make his retirement any more secure if Don does not practice wise saving habits now.
SOURCE: FI:064, FD
SOURCE: Brandon, E. (2013, June 3). 10 ways to pay for retirement. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://money.usnews.com/money/retirement/articles/2013/06/03/10-ways-to-pay-forretirement-2
24. B
Written down. People who have written goals accomplish 50 to 100 times more than people who do not. You are not more likely to achieve goals that are based on needs only or that are long or short term.
SOURCE: FI:065, SS
SOURCE: Wohlner, R. (2011, June 8). How to set and achieve financial goals. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from http://money.usnews.com/money/blogs/the-smarter-mutual-fundinvestor/2011/06/08/how-to-set-and-achieve-financial-goals
25. A
No, his goal is not specific or measurable. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. Effective financial goals are SMART goals—specific, measurable, attainable, results-oriented, and time-bounded. The goal is time-bounded because Brandon wants to save money to buy a car two years from now. It is results-oriented because Brandon will have something to show for his effort in two years—a car. However, the goal is not specific or measurable because Brandon has not indicated how much he wants to save for the car. Also, Brandon has not indicated how he plans to save for the car, such as placing 15% of his weekly paycheck in a special savings account. There is not enough information to determine if the goal is attainable because it is not specific.
SOURCE: FI:065, FD
SOURCE: Haughey, D. (2019). Smart goals. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.projectsmart.co.uk/smart-goals.php
26. B
Financial goals cannot be realistically set until a personal budget has been established. Without creating a personal budget of income and expenses first, it would be impossible to set realistic financial goals. Wealthy people may have a great deal of income, but they still have expenses and future financial goals they would like to accomplish. If goals are set too high, it may be difficult to achieve them; it is more advisable to set realistic short-term and long-term goals. Reducing or paying down debt should be part of a budget, but it is not necessary to eliminate it entirely before deciding on other financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065, SS
SOURCE: Benve, R. (2019, April 2). How to set SMART personal financial goals. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://toughnickel.com/personal-finance/How-to-Set-Personal-FinancialGoals-Budgeting
27. A
Reduce any unnecessary expenses. A good way to prepare for unexpected setbacks is to save as much as possible by reducing unnecessary expenses. Instead of spending money at a coffee shop every morning, for example, you could make coffee at home and put the money into a savings account or retirement fund. Avoiding risks in your career will not necessarily offset the effects of unexpected setbacks. Refinancing your mortgage might be necessary if you run into setbacks, but it is not a way to prepare for them. Finally, putting off bills and other short-term payments is not a good strategy because it will make your financial situation more difficult.
SOURCE: FI:065, FD
SOURCE: National Endowment for Financial Education. (2019). Preparing for financial crisis in retirement. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.myretirementpaycheck.org/Additional-Resources/Navigating-RetirementCrises/Preparing-for-Financial-Crisis-in-Retirement
28. B
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the short term, say next year, and then in the long term, or about five years from now. Then, she should look at her income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to reach her financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:066, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 6-11]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
29. C
$8,100. To calculate how much car money Ben will have in 75 weeks, first figure his annual income by multiplying his monthly income by the number of months in the year ($2,600 X 12 = $31,200). Next, divide his annual income by the number of weeks in the year to find his weekly income ($31,200 / 52 = $600). Then, determine how much he saves per week by multiplying his weekly income by 18% ($600 X 18% or 0.18 = $108). Finally, multiply the amount that he saves per week by the number of weeks that he plans to save his money ($108 X 75 = $8,100).
SOURCE: FI:066, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [p. 102]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
30. A
Rent, entertainment, and insurance. Individuals develop personal budgets to help them manage their money. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Expenses are money that a person spends and may include rent, entertainment, insurance, food, and utilities. Salaries (wages) and dividends are sources of income.
SOURCE: FI:066, SS
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 35-37]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
31. A
Income and spending. To determine your net cash flow and develop an accurate personal budget, you must account for all income and spending. Set monthly expenses, income, and charitable contributions impact a personal budget and net cash flow, but any one of these alone is not sufficient to create the budget and determine cash flow.
SOURCE: FI:066, SS
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [p. 39]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
32. A
Investing. Using money to make money is called investing. Saving is setting aside part of your current income for future use. Rationing is a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and services produced—it is determining how scarce resources will be distributed. Reimbursing involves paying back or refunding money that someone has spent.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 283-284]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
33. C
Investing 18% of your annual income so you can retire at the age of 60. Long-term goals take longer than a year to accomplish. Investing a percentage of income over time so you have enough money for retirement is a step toward achieving a long-term financial goal. Saving money for a vacation that will occur in six months and obtaining funds to make a down payment on a house now are short-term goals. Allocating funds to cover bills is an aspect of personal budgeting.
SOURCE: FI:270, SS
SOURCE: Schwan, L. (2018, July 20). Short-term or long-term, budget and save for your goals. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/finance/short-vs-longterm-goals/
34. C
Mortgage. Personal liabilities are any debts that an individual owes. A mortgage is a loan used to purchase real estate. A person who takes out a mortgage owes a certain amount to the lender that must be paid back over time. Therefore, a mortgage is a personal liability. A vacation home, mutual funds, and treasury bills are all examples of personal assets, which are anything of value that a person owns that can be converted into cash.
SOURCE: FI:562, FD
SOURCE: Folger, J. (2019, June 29). How to calculate your tangible net worth. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/13/calculating-your-tangible-networth.asp
35. B
They are subtracted from gross income. Your gross income represents all the income provided by your employer. When taxes are subtracted from gross income, your net income is reduced. Net income refers to the amount of earnings left after all taxes and deductions have been subtracted. Taxes are calculated on taxable income.
SOURCE: FI:067, EI
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, August 28). Income tax. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/incometax.asp
36. B
Identify your goals. A goal is a desired outcome. Before you invest your money, you must determine what you want it to do for you. For example, if you want to save for retirement, you would likely choose a conservative investment option that will generate income over the long term. If you want to make a profit on your investment relatively quickly so you can use the money for something else, you might choose another investment option. Therefore, you must know your goals before you choose your investment option. Investigating options online, selecting a stock screener, and evaluating the market cap are activities (research) that you do after you identify your goals and before you make your actual selection(s).
SOURCE: FI:284, IN
SOURCE: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (2019). Set your financial goals. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.finra.org/investors/personal-finance/set-your-financialgoals
37. A
Pay stub. Your pay stub is a good source of information regarding your gross pay, deductions, and net pay. If your pay is directly deposited in your bank account, your bank can tell you what your net pay is, but it would have no idea about your gross pay or deductions. Your timecard indicates the hours that you have worked during a particular pay period. A W-4 indicates how many exemptions you want to claim.
SOURCE: FI:068, EI
SOURCE: Kappel, M. (2017, April 26). What is a pay stub, and what is on a pay stub? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/payroll/training/blog/pay-stub/
38. C
Name of person or business receiving the funds. The name of the person or business to be paid is listed in the "pay to the order of" area of a check, rather than the bank being used to cash it. The check amount is spelled out in words on the line below the "pay to the order of" area. The name of the bank institution holding the funds is already printed on the check.
SOURCE: FI:560, SS
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 227229]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
39. A
Insurance policy. Individuals maintain a variety of financial records, and one of these is an insurance policy. In many cases, individuals have several types of insurance policies, such as automobile, homeowner's, health, life, etc. These policies pay claims that have cash value. For example, if an individual's home is damaged due to a tornado, a homeowner's policy will pay for repairs, which saves money for the homeowner. It is important for individuals to keep a record of these policies so they will know what is covered and for how much. Cashier's checks, product warranties, and travel reports are not financial records that individuals should maintain.
SOURCE: FI:069, SS
SOURCE: Huguelet, M.C., & Bailey, H. (2019, July 31). What is an insurance policy? Retrieved September 5, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-insurance-policy.htm
40. D
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use checkmarks to identify the items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Checkmarks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined checks, or total the interest received.
SOURCE: FI:070, SS
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2018, January 14). How to reconcile a bank statement. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/how-to-reconcile-a-bankstatement.html
41. A
Transaction fees. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. It is important to make these comparisons to determine inconsistencies and mistakes. If a check is not recorded correctly, and if the mistake is not caught, the individual runs the risk of having insufficient funds in his/her checking account, which results in bounced checks. Some financial institutions charge transaction fees for checking accounts, so it is important to make sure that those fees are subtracted from the checking account balance. Accumulated interest and payroll deposits are added to the checking account balance rather than subtracted from it. Check numbers are not subtracted from the checkbook when reconciling bank statements and checkbook balances.
SOURCE: FI:070, SS
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2018, January 14). How to reconcile a bank statement. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/how-to-reconcile-a-bankstatement.html
42. B
Total costs. Many banks and credit card companies offer many different credit cards. To use credit wisely, it is important to compare the various offers of credit to determine the total costs. All credit cards charge an annual percentage rate on the unpaid balance, and some offer a low rate for a short period of time to attract new customers. Some credit cards also charge an annual fee. Then, there are fees for late payment and cash advances. It is necessary to compare the costs to determine the best offer rather than accept a credit card that has a high interest rate, a high annual fee, and high fees for penalties. The wise use of credit does not involve comparing the various offers of credit to determine the affiliated banks or company sponsors. Credit card fees and costs are not taxes.
SOURCE: FI:071, CD
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H., & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 538-541]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
43. B
To avoid being denied credit. Individuals should periodically validate their credit histories to make sure that the information is correct. In some cases, inaccurate or false information may appear in a credit history, which will result in an individual being denied credit. To make sure this doesn't happen, individuals should review the information and contact the credit bureau to change or remove inaccurate information. Individuals do not validate their credit histories to understand credit laws, find out about different types of credit, or protect themselves from slander.
SOURCE: FI:072, CD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 158-161]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
44. D
Credit report; credit bureau. Because businesses often base their decisions about extending credit or providing a loan on credit history, it is important for individuals and businesses to periodically check and ensure that their credit information is accurate. Credit history is provided in the form of a credit report. By reviewing the credit report, individuals and businesses can determine if there are any problems (e.g., identity theft) or discrepancies on the report that need resolved. Credit reports are available through recognized credit bureaus or agencies, which maintain files of credit information on individuals and businesses. Credit histories are not documented on bank statements, lending statements, or credit certificates. The primary purpose of financial institutions, tax agencies, and credit unions is not to maintain comprehensive credit histories for individuals and businesses.
SOURCE: FI:072, CD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 159-160]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
45. C
Identity theft. Identity theft occurs when someone illegally obtains another person's information and uses that information to assume the other person's identity. One way to protect against identity theft is to immediately contact the credit card company if credit cards are lost. If the cards fall into the hands of an unauthorized person, that person can attempt to use the cards as if s/he was the owner of the card. This is a type of identity theft. If someone uses another person's credit card illegally, the penalty is not excessive and, in many situations, there is no penalty if the company is notified before any illegal use occurs. Therefore, there is virtually no financial risk. Immediately contacting the credit card company does not protect against high interest rates.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 166-167]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
46. A
Shred or tear up important financial documents. To prevent identity thieves from getting your personal information, you should always shred or tear up important financial documents before you dispose of them. These documents might include credit card statements, credit offers, expired credit cards, bank statements, etc. You should review your credit report at least once a year (not every five years) to verify your accounts and account balances. While paying the entire balance on your credit cards monthly and insisting on a fixed-rate loan when borrowing money are wise financial decisions, they do not necessarily prevent identity thieves from getting your personal information.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [p. 167]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
47. B
Rising auto insurance rates. If someone steals your identity and it affects your credit score, you will likely see an increase in your car insurance costs. Automobile insurance is usually based on your credit score. While it is possible that you could be terminated from your job, it is not likely. You will not be unable to access your credit reports. Finally, you are not likely to be imprisoned or given a fine because your identity has been stolen.
SOURCE: FI:073, FD
SOURCE: Sullivan, B. (2014, July 13). 9 surprising ways identity theft can hurt you. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from http://blog.credit.com/2014/06/surprising-ways-identity-theft-canhurt-you-85080
48. A
You can qualify for a lower tax rate. Finding tax deductions that reduce your taxable income typically allows you to be taxed at a lower rate. Tax deductions do not necessarily eliminate the need to pay taxes. Tax deductions do not increase your gross income or decrease net income.
SOURCE: FI:074, EI
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 63-64]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
49. D
The lender; taking a risk. Interest is the cost of borrowing money. Lenders receive interest as compensation for assuming the risk that the borrower will repay the amount due. With every loan, there is a chance that the borrower won't pay it back. Interest is not compensation for the borrower. Interest is also not related to avoiding bad investments.
SOURCE: FI:782, CD
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. (2019). Interest defined. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.econlowdown.org/interest?module_uid=125&section_uid=325&page_num=3289 &p=yes
50. D
$20.44. Credit card companies using the adjusted balance method charge interest only on the principal balance that remains each month. To calculate how much total interest Deacon will pay during the initial three billing periods, first calculate the monthly interest rate by dividing the APR by the number of months in a year (0.20 / 12 = .0167). Then, multiply the monthly interest rate by the principal amount to determine the amount of interest charged for the first month (0.0167 X $600 = $10.00). For the following month, you first need to determine the new principal amount. Subtract the interest amount charged during the initial month from last month's repayment to determine the payment amount applied to the principal ($200 - $10 = $190). Next, subtract the payment amount applied to the principal amount at the end of the first month from the original balance to determine the new principal amount to be charged interest for the second month ($600 - $190 = $410). Repeat these steps for any subsequent months (Month 2: 0.0167 X $410 = $6.83; $200 - $6.83 = $193.17; $410 - $193.17 = $216.83; Month 3: 0.0167 X $216.83 = $3.61). Add together the interest paid each month to determine the total interest Deacon will pay during the initial three billing periods ($10 + $6.83 + $3.61 = $20.44).
SOURCE: FI:782, CD
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2019, August 14). Adjusted balance method to calculate credit card finance charges. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/adjusted-balance-methodof-calculating-finance-charges-960235
51. C
Comparison shopping. Comparison shopping involves looking at the prices of various products/services from different vendors before buying. Comparison shopping is a good financial decision because it can help you get the best value for your money. Nina is able to get a better price for her textbooks because she took the time to comparison shop. Nina is not impulse buying, a victim of a scam, or investing rather than saving in this example.
SOURCE: FI:783, SS
SOURCE: FINRA. (2019). Comparison shop for financial products. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.finra.org/investors/key-investing-concepts/shop-financial-products
52. A
24-hour account access. One of the advantages of using an online brokerage firm is 24-hour access to your account. Many self-directed investors like being able to access this information at any time without having to call or visit their broker. Online brokerages do not offer personal guidance from a live broker or many additional financial products and services. Online brokerages usually have low commissions rather than high ones.
SOURCE: FI:075, FD
SOURCE: Campisi, N. (2017, July 12). Pros and cons of online trading. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.gobankingrates.com/investing/stocks/the-advantages-disadvantagesonline-trading/
53. B
Insurance agent. Insurance products are designed to protect individuals, families, and businesses against financial loss due to disasters, deaths, accidents, or other unexpected events. Insurance agents are financial professionals that help people choose the right insurance products for their unique needs. An individual or family wishing to purchase protection against financial loss would not likely consult a stock broker, a financial advisor, or a real estate agent. Stock brokers are financial professionals that help people buy and sell investments. Financial advisors help people develop comprehensive financial health plans. Real estate agents assist in the buying and selling of property.
SOURCE: FI:075, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 257-260]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
54. B
Churning. Before selecting a broker, it's vital that you thoroughly understand his/her payment structure. Many brokers (especially full-service brokers) are paid on commission, which means they make money every time they conduct a transaction for you. A good broker is reliable and has your best interests at heart when recommending that you buy or sell certain securities. Unfortunately, a dishonest broker may encourage you to make excessive trades just to collect the commission fees from each one. This practice is called churning. Skimming is a price strategy that involves setting prices higher than those of the competition. Bundling is a marketing strategy that involves offering several products for sale as one combined product. A flighting strategy is a media timing strategy that concentrates advertising during peak sales periods followed by periods of no advertising.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, August 13). Churning. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/churning.asp
55. B
Determine if you and the advisor share the same investment philosophy. Different financial advisors can help in different ways depending on your financial goals. To ensure you are choosing the right financial advisor, you should determine if the financial advisor's investment philosophy is similar to your own. You should not select the first financial advisor you can find; rather, you should compare many different financial advisors to see which one is best suited for your needs. You should not necessarily find a financial advisor who steers you toward complex investments. In fact, you should avoid buying investments that you don't understand. Finally, a financial advisor with several degrees and certifications is not necessarily a good fit for your financial needs. These types of professional designations can also be easily faked.
SOURCE: FI:076, FD
SOURCE: Coombes, A. (2019, August 13). 10 questions to ask a financial advisor. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/investing/10-questions-askfinancial-advisor/
56. B
Financial situation. When an investor examines the balance sheet of a company, he sees a "picture" of the company's financial situation. Investors discover the company's accounting method from the notes, not the balance sheet. The income statement is a separate financial statement, on which the pretax profit can be located.
SOURCE: FI:276, IN
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2019, June 25). Reading the balance sheet. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/04/031004.asp
57. D
Short-term time horizon. A short-term time horizon means you are investing for a goal you want to reach in less than five years; if you are investing for a three-year goal, you are on a short-term time horizon. An intermediate-term time horizon is 5 to 15 years, and a long-term time horizon is longer than 15 years. Risk-tolerant time horizon is not a term that is used in investing.
SOURCE: FI:279, IN
SOURCE: Smith, L. (2018, April 6). Using time horizons to reach your goals investing. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/110813/using-timehorizons-investing.asp
58. D
Qualitative measures. A company's business model, product mix, competition, and brand are examples of qualitative measures, which are subjective. Quantitative measures are objective and based on numbers. These characteristics describe a company, not an industry. They are not objective, but subjective.
SOURCE: FI:280, IN
SOURCE: Smith, T. (2019, June 25). Qualitative analysis. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/q/qualitativeanalysis.asp
59. D
Dollar-cost averaging. Dollar-cost averaging involves putting a predetermined amount of money into an investment on a regular basis, such as quarterly or monthly. The effect is that you buy more shares when prices are low and fewer shares when prices are high. This keeps investors from worrying about purchase timing. Diversification involves determining a mix of total investment—minimizing the effect of a single losing investment. An investment portfolio is diversified by type of stock, sector/industry, and cap size. Growth stocks appreciate steadily over time, carry moderate to high risk, and bring a moderate to high return. Value stocks are trading at a lower price than their fundamentals indicate they should be.
SOURCE: FI:283, IN
SOURCE: Kramer, M. (2019, February 13). Dollar-cost averaging (DCA) definition. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/dollarcostaveraging.asp
60. D
To reduce risk. Diversifying investments means investing in multiple places rather than putting all of your money in one investment option. For example, if you invest all of your money in one company that then fails, you will lose everything. If you invest in multiple companies, it is unlikely that they all will fail. Diversification, therefore, reduces risk. Diversifying investments does not necessarily help you avoid penalty fees, increase liquidity, or eliminate income tax.
SOURCE: FI:350, IN
SOURCE: McWhinney, J. (2019, January 22). The many ways to achieve investment portfolio diversification. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/05/diversification.asp
61. A
A listing of all the things that went wrong. A company's annual report is usually a glossy, four-color print piece in which the key management tries to shine the best possible light on what the company did that year and what the important achievements were. Management also may provide some ideas on where the company will go next. The annual report is not a place where management wants to highlight all the things that went wrong.
SOURCE: FI:274, IN
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, May 24). Annual report. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/annualreport.asp
62. A
Close. “Close,” which is sometimes listed as “Last,” represents the last price paid when trading ended for the day. “Net change” compares the closing price with the previous day's closing price. A negative net change indicates that the price is down when compared to the previous day's last price. A positive net change means that the price is up. “Volume” (sometimes listed as “Sales”) tells you how many shares were traded that day. “Yield” signifies the rate of return on the security, determined by dividing the dividend by the actual closing price.
SOURCE: FI:275, IN
SOURCE: London Stock Exchange. (2019). Prices help. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.londonstockexchange.com/prices-and-markets/prices-help/prices-help.htm
63. D
Collectibles. Objects that gain or lose value over time are collectibles—such as antiques, gems, stamps, dolls, and sports memorabilia. "Collecting" usually involves owning these items, waiting until they become really valuable, and then selling them for a profit. With stocks and stock mutual funds, investors own pieces of corporations or agencies. With real estate investments, investors own property.
SOURCE: FI:077, IN
SOURCE: Beattie, A. (2018, May 25). Contemplating collectible investments. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/06/contemplatingcollectibles.asp
64. D
To plan for the future. Everyone has plans for the future such as buying a home, starting a business, or retiring at a young age. To make these plans a reality, it is important to establish investment goals to accumulate the funds that will be needed. For example, an individual might establish an investment goal of saving $10,000 in two years in order to make a down payment on a house. To achieve a specific investment goal, an individual might buy stock in a company because the stock is increasing in value. Reducing overall debt is one way to save money that can be invested. Individuals do not establish investment goals to borrow capital.
SOURCE: FI:079, IN
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 284-286]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
65. A
An investor receives on the date of maturity. The face value of a corporate bond is printed on the bond and is the amount an investor receives on the date of maturity. For example, an investor buys a $1,000 corporate bond that pays 10% interest a year for five years. When the bond matures in five years, the investor is repaid the investment of $1,000. However, over the five-year period, the investor also is paid 10% annual interest on the face value of the bond. The interest is not the face value. The face value is the amount an investor pays for the bond but is not the quarterly dividend. The face value is the actual amount of the bond rather than the amount a business believes the bond is worth.
SOURCE: FI:236, IN
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2013, June). What are corporate bonds? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.sec.gov/files/ib_corporatebonds.pdf
66. C
Net pay. The net pay is the amount of money Althea will actually receive after all her withholdings have been taken out. This is the money that will be deposited in her bank account. The gross pay is the amount she earns before her withholdings are taken out. Federal income tax and state tax are money that Althea owes to the government.
SOURCE: FI:068, EI
SOURCE: Clearpoint. (2011, December 15). How to read your paycheck stub. Retrieved September 5, 2019, from https://www.clearpoint.org/blog/how-to-read-your-pay-stub/
67. A
It builds up cash value. Whole-life insurance is also called ordinary or straight life insurance. One of the benefits of whole-life insurance is that as the policyholder pays premiums, the cash value of the policy increases. If necessary, s/he can cash in the policy for its cash value or borrow money against the cash value. The interest paid on the premiums is not usually high. Whole-life premiums increase as the policyholder gets older, but the face value of the policy stays the same. Life insurance policies do not have deductibles.
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 208-211]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
68. C
Homeowner's insurance protects the homeowner from associated risks such as damage or injuries to others. To be reimbursed for losses, insurance must be purchased before a loss or a disaster. In addition, some disasters like floods and earthquakes are not covered by traditional homeowner's policies. Homeowner's insurance is not purchased from individual homeowners; it is sold to them by a risk-sharing firm. Homeowner's insurance does not protect a homeowner from losses resulting from bankruptcy or a disability; disability insurance can be purchased to help cover expenses due to a personal disability.
SOURCE: FI:081, RM
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 261-268]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
69. D
$111,000. Businesses usually obtain property insurance to protect them from damage due to natural disasters such as hurricanes. Most insurance policies specify that the insurance company will pay all or part of the cost of the damage less the deductible, which is the amount that the business agrees to pay for any damage that may occur. To determine the settlement, first calculate 90% of the damage ($125,000 X 90% or .90 = $112,500). Then, subtract the amount of the deductible to determine the final amount of the settlement ($112,500 - $1,500 = $111,000).
SOURCE: FI:083, RM
SOURCE: Gusner, P. (2019, June 17). Hurricanes and home insurance: 5 key questions answered. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.insure.com/home-insurance/hurricaneinsurance.html
70. A
Call the company and ask them to review the charges. If you spot something on a bill that seems incorrect, you can call the company and ask them to review the charges. They might recognize the error and correct it for you, or explain why it looks wrong. You should not refuse to pay the bill without checking to first see if you can resolve the issue with the company. However, you should also not necessarily pay the bill without confronting the company. The errors may continue. Finally, you should not start by filing a lawsuit against the company. You may need to take legal action eventually, but you should first find out more about the situation and see if you can resolve the issue on your own.
SOURCE: FI:327, SS
SOURCE: DuCoin, E. (n.d.). Verifying accuracy on utility bills. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.orpicalenergy.com/verifying-accuracy-on-utility-bills/
71. B
$282.23. Interest is the amount of money the investment issuer pays an investor for using the investor's money. Depending on the type of investment (e.g., savings account), interest is compounded at certain intervals (e.g., daily, quarterly, annually), which means that interest is earned upon the previous interest amount earned. In the example, the interest is compounded annually. To determine the value of Amelia's savings account after two years, first calculate the interest earned after the first year. Do this by multiplying the savings account deposit amount by the interest percentage rate, then add the interest amount earned to the savings account deposit amount ($250 X .0625 or 6.25% = $15.63; $250 + 15.63 = $265.63). After one year, the money is worth $265.63. Now, the interest begins to compound, and you must determine the value of the money in the savings account at the end of the second year. Do this by multiplying the savings account balance (amount) at the end of the first year by the interest percentage rate ($265.63 X .0625 or 6.25% = $16.60). Finally, add together the savings account balance (amount) at the end of the first year to the interest amount earned during the second year ($265.63 + $16.60 = $282.23).
SOURCE: FI:238, EI
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 103-104]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
72. B
$2,060. The formula for calculating future value is Future Value = Present Value X (1 + Discount Rate). To determine how much your investment will be worth in a year, convert the annual rate to a decimal (3% = 0.03), and add one (1 + 0.03 = 1.03). Finally, multiply that sum by the original amount of your investment ($2,000 X 1.03 = $2,060).
SOURCE: FI:238, EI
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 103-104]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
73. B
Beneficiary. A beneficiary is a person who receives funds from a trust, will, or insurance policy. Marvin's daughter is his beneficiary, since he's leaving her all of his money. An executor is the person who is in charge of making sure the will is carried out. Probate is the process of determining whether or not a will is valid. A conservator is appointed when a person becomes incapacitated and needs someone to make decisions for him/her.
SOURCE: FI:572, FD
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 410-413]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
74. A
Her credit score is too low. Lenders will first look at someone's credit history to determine whether or not s/he is a risky investment. If Mia has a low credit score, her loan application might be rejected. Having no debt or having a high income level would actually increase Mia's likelihood of getting a loan. Even if the loan officer disliked Mia, that should not be a reason that her loan would be rejected.
SOURCE: FI:625, CD
SOURCE: Luthi, B. (2018, December 18). What to do if your loan is denied. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.experian.com/blogs/ask-experian/what-to-do-if-your-loan-is-denied/
75. B
A total rewards system. Total rewards systems are holistic and comprehensive compensation packages that go beyond salary. They include several forms of compensation and attractive features that make workplaces appealing to employees. Blue Diamond Co has a total rewards system because it has commission, benefits, flexible hours, and professional development. Blue Diamond Co. does not necessarily have problems with its finances or an unsustainable business model. There's not enough information provided to determine whether the company has ethical hiring practices.
SOURCE: HR:467, EI
SOURCE: Johnston, K. (2019). What are the components of a comprehensive total rewards & motivation system? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/components-comprehensive-total-rewards-motivationsystem-36942.html
76. B
Compensation for the loss. Policyholders file insurance claims because they have incurred some type of loss that is covered by the type of insurance they have. The purpose of filing an insurance claim is to obtain compensation for that loss. For example, a business that has property insurance is damaged during a tornado. The business files a claim to be compensated for the damage so it can make repairs to the property. The purpose of filing an insurance claim is not to obtain discounts on the deductible, dividends on the investment, or profit from the premium.
SOURCE: OP:188, RM
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 276-277]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
77. D
Insurance fraud. Insurance fraud is an illegal act that occurs when an insurance customer lies about the details of an accident to collect payment. Insurance coverage refers to the coverage provided by an insurance company. A deductible is a set amount that the owner agrees to pay before any further damages will be reimbursed by insurance. A total loss refers to a vehicle that has so much damage that it is too expensive to repair.
SOURCE: OP:187, RM
SOURCE: Pennsylvania Insurance Fraud Prevention Authority. (2019). Automotive insurance fraud. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.helpstopfraud.org/Types-of-InsuranceFraud/Automotive
78. B
Increases your chances of success in life. Success has been defined as reaching the goals you have set yourself. Setting goals helps you achieve success by helping you understand yourself, giving you a target to aim toward, raising your level of self-esteem, and giving you a way to measure your progress. Goals should be accepted as your own, not set to please others. Goals provide valuable guidelines, not restrictions. Not all goals make life simpler.
SOURCE: PD:018, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
79. B
Make decisions in an organized manner. A person using a decision-making model is making decisions in an organized manner. There is no way to ensure that any decision will have the best result. A person using a decision-making model does not rely on intuition to make predictions or try to convince others that his/her own views are correct.
SOURCE: PD:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
80. D
Occupational publications. The library is a good source for people to get information about career opportunities. Governments and private publishers often develop and print up-to-date reference books that contain information about career trends, salaries, skills, training and education for a wide variety of jobs. These types of reference books usually are available at the library. Fictitious magazine articles, technical books, and international data almanacs are not the best sources for Janelle to obtain credible career information.
SOURCE: PD:022, EI
SOURCE: Net Industries. (2019). Getting a job: Sources of career information. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://jobs.stateuniversity.com/pages/56/Getting-Job-SOURCES-CAREERINFORMATION.html
81. C
Interests. A person must consider many personal factors when deciding which career to pursue. Personality traits are an individual's unique qualities and behavior. A person's ability refers to his/her capacity to perform a certain task or function. Interests are those things that a person enjoys doing. When determining the career in which he will be most happy and successful, Joseph must consider all of these factors. For example, if Joseph is very introverted, doesn't play the piano well, and doesn't like classical music, he probably should not pursue a career as a concert pianist. A technique is a method or way of doing something. An expression is a representation of something. An opportunity is a situation in which favorable circumstances present themselves. Because opportunities change frequently, these are not primary factors that a person should consider when determining which career to pursue.
SOURCE: PD:023, EI
SOURCE: The Muse. (2013, November 1). 9 questions that'll help you find your dream career. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/dailymuse/2013/11/01/9questions-thatll-help-you-find-your-dream-career/#19a2133553d9
82. D
Corporate finance. Diana’s job preparing bills and invoices for her company is in the area of corporate finance. The corporate finance function in a company is to manage policy and strategy for (and the implementation of) capital structure, budgeting, acquisition and investment, financial modeling and planning, funding, dividends, and taxation. Diana’s career is not in the area of marketing communications, securities and investments, or professional selling. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience of ideas, experiences, goods/services, and/or images. The securities and investments industry consists of brokerage firms, investment banks, and stock exchanges, all of which support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations.
SOURCE: PD:025, EI
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
83. D
Website. Many companies post their job openings on their websites. In most situations, a business has a set of procedures for applicants to follow when they apply for jobs online. Some businesses allow job seekers the ability to set up an account, so they can track and check the status of their applications and receive email updates about new job openings. Employee newsletters do not always contain information about current job openings. Online catalogs provide information about the business's goods and services. Annual reports do not contain information about job openings.
SOURCE: PD:026, EI
SOURCE: Fowler, J. (2019, June 25). 9 different ways to find a new job. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0711/9-different-ways-to-find-a-newjob.aspx
84. A
Why did you leave your previous job? Most employment applications ask why you left previous jobs. The answer should be positive and not in any way critical of a former employer. Common reasons for leaving previous jobs include accepting a better position, returning to school, or because the job was a seasonal position that ended. The question about eligibility to work in this country usually appears in the personal information section. Questions about course of study completed are contained in the education section. The question about availability to begin work is usually in a general section about the type of job desired.
SOURCE: PD:027, EI
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2019). Job applications: Completing a job application. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/jobapplications/completing-a-job-application/1/
85. D
White. Formal letters, such as letters of application or business letters, look best when typed on white paper. Often, letters of application are duplicated for distribution to several people within a large company. Letters on white paper reproduce most effectively and maintain a professional appearance. Brightly colored paper may be used for informal letters but is not appropriate for business correspondence.
SOURCE: PD:030, EI
SOURCE: Lauren, L. (2018, June 8). What type of paper should a resume be printed on? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://work.chron.com/type-paper-should-resume-printed-on3137.html
86. C
She has limited work experience. Many beginning workers who are applying for jobs lack work experience. Therefore, it is appropriate for them to emphasize their education and outside activities in order to convince prospective employers that they are capable of doing the work. Education, hobbies, and personal skills are good substitutes for beginning workers to emphasize in their résumés‚ if they have limited work experience. The employer establishes the requirements for the job. Personal data include name, address, telephone number, birth date, etc. Career expectations are the goals that a person hopes to achieve in the world of work.
SOURCE: PD:031, EI
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, July 31). College graduate resume example and writing tips. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/college-graduate-resumeexample-2063196
87. C
Electronic funds transfer. Electronic funds transfer (EFT) is a service that allows the bank to transfer funds from one account to another account without the exchange of paper money. Customers often use EFT to pay their bills (e.g., utilities, mortgage). Typically, customers authorize the bank to transfer funds from their savings or checking accounts to the payees' accounts on a specific day of the month. The advantage of electric funds transfer is that the customer saves postage and check-writing fees. Debt consolidation involves merging the debt owed to multiple entities and making a single payment to a financial institution, which usually charges a lower interest rate. A line of credit is a type of short-term loan that banks often provide to individuals and businesses. The loan amount is available for the customer to use when it is needed. Typically, the customer does not pay interest on the amount of money that it does not use. Certificates of deposit are a type of investment.
SOURCE: PD:154, SS
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 94-95]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
88. C
Mortgage loans are secured with collateral. Since mortgages are secured with the collateral of a house, a bank can foreclose on the house if the owner is unable to repay the debt. Risking the loss of a home to eliminate the unsecured debt of a credit card is not a wise move. Lending institutions offer other loan products that can help a person manage credit card debt without risking the loss of their home. Mortgage interest rates are typically lower than credit card rates. A person's method of financing doesn't necessarily lead to excessive spending. Mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit are considered secured debt because they are backed by collateral.
SOURCE: PD:155, CD
SOURCE: Kissell, C. (2019, February 25). Is a HELOC a smart way to pay off credit card debt? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://creditcards.usnews.com/articles/is-a-heloc-asmart-way-to-pay-off-credit-card-debt
89. B
You accidentally ran a red light and hit another vehicle. Car insurance pays for accidents that you've caused and accidental damage such as vandalism or weather-related issues. If you run a red light and get into an accident, you should file a claim with your automobile insurance company. Unless your flat tire was caused by vandalism, auto insurance will not cover it. Auto insurance also does not cover property stolen from within a vehicle; it only covers damage to the vehicle itself. Finally, auto insurance does not cover car maintenance issues such as dead batteries.
SOURCE: PD:319, RM
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 268-272]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
90. C
Homeowners. Homeowners insurance covers damage to a house's structure that occurs during destructive events. Roof damage during a thunderstorm would be covered under homeowners insurance. Weather insurance is usually purchased for events such as outdoor concerts and sporting events, rather than for homes. Life insurance provides a sum to a person's family upon his/her death. Liability insurance protects individuals or businesses when they are at fault.
SOURCE: PD:321, RM
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 257, 262-265]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
91. C
Insured person. Only the death of the insured person fulfills the legal requirements for death benefits to be paid to the beneficiary.
SOURCE: PD:323, RM
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [p. 199]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
92. A
Non-work-related injury or illness. Short-term disability provides a portion of regular pay for a short period of time after a waiting period of 1-14 days to cover temporary non-work-related injuries or illnesses. A work-related injury or illness is covered by worker's compensation. Cold or flu symptoms are usually short-lived and can be covered by personal days. Educational training is not a situation that short-term disability insurance provides for.
SOURCE: PD:324, RM
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2012). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 198-199]. Mason, OH: SouthWestern Cengage Learning.
93. D
Being a career salesperson. An occupation is defined as the principal business of one's life. Occupations are usually paid work that consists of similar activities that are performed by the people during their careers. For example, people working as salespeople often use the same skills and perform similar tasks in each job they hold throughout their sales careers. People who obtain part-time jobs generally work fewer hours than full-time employees. Often, these types of positions are short term and are not always related to one's career goals. For example, a college student who is studying to become a teacher might work part-time in a quick-serve restaurant to help cover school expenses. People who change jobs within a company do not always move to similar or occupation-oriented positions. When people explore new employment options, they are generally looking for new jobs, but the jobs are not always occupational in nature.
SOURCE: PD:034, EI
SOURCE: Lawrence, G. (2018, December 28). The difference between a job, occupation, and career. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://careertrend.com/info-8226168-differencebetween-job-occupation-career.html
94. D
Audrey was hired as a sales coordinator, was promoted to salesperson, and is now sales manager of CTK Corporation. Many companies promote from within, so the creation of new jobs opens the door for current employees to be considered for a promotion. The opportunity for promotion often occurs when employees retire or leave the company or the company expands and creates new positions. Each time Audrey was promoted within her company, she worked in the same business and her responsibilities increased, which is how careers often advance. There is not enough information provided to know if James held other positions within the company before he became production manager. Dylan's job change was a lateral move to another company. Julia's job change involved obtaining a more responsible position with another company.
SOURCE: PD:034, EI
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (2016, December 26). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.school-forchampions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm#.WgHhCmiPKM9
95. C
They allow the same kinds of trades as full-service brokers. Discount brokers allow the same basic transactions that full-service brokers offer. Beginning investors need not avoid them, as they may be very useful to beginning investors. Discount brokers are no riskier than full-service brokers, and they sell the same stocks that full-service brokers sell.
SOURCE: PD:234, IN
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, June 7). What is a discount broker? Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/discountbroker.asp
96. A
The secondary market. When investors trade securities that have already been issued by a corporation, they are trading on the secondary market. The secondary market is composed of stock exchanges, the over-the-counter market, and direct trading. An investor may trade on any of these and be trading on the secondary market.
SOURCE: PD:236, IN
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, June 22). Secondary market. Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/secondarymarket.asp
97. A
Testing. Government regulations require the thorough testing of many new products such as drugs or infant car seats before these products may be sold to consumers. The purpose of government-required testing is to make sure the new products are safe for consumers to use or consume. For example, it takes from five to nine years to get most new drugs on the market because drug companies must meet the extensive testing requirements of the Food and Drug Administration. Licensing is the process of issuing a government permit allowing a business to function in the marketplace. Training is teaching or developing a specific skill. Labeling is the process of attaching printed information to a product.
SOURCE: PM:017, FD
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
98. D
Accumulates cash value over time. Life insurance is a contract between a policyholder and an insurance carrier and states that the insurance carrier will provide the beneficiary of the insured with a certain amount of money upon the insured's death. A policyholder who purchases a whole-life insurance policy pays a level premium at specific intervals for the insured's entire life from the time of purchase. There are no time limits (e.g., 25 years) on insurance coverage for whole-life insurance policies. Coverage continues as long as the premiums are being paid. Because the whole life insurance policy accumulates cash, money can be borrowed or withdrawn from the cash value of the policy, if certain criteria are met. After the insured's death, the policy's beneficiary may use some of the money to cover the insured's burial expenses. Premium amounts for whole-life insurance vary by policy and do not need to be paid on an annual basis. The premiums are paid according to the terms of the contract, which are usually monthly, quarterly, or annually.
SOURCE: PD:323, IN
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 208-211]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
99. A
Bonds. Businesses sometimes issue bonds to obtain long-term capital or funds. Bonds are a type of long-term debt that a business repays at a specified time with interest. The benefit of selling bonds to investors is that the businesses have access to the funds for a long time before they must repay the investors. Stocks are shares, or units, of ownership in a corporation. A loan is a sum of money lent to a business for a specific time period that is repayable with interest.
SOURCE: PD:313, IN
SOURCE: Billingsley, R., Gitman, L.J., & Joehnk, M.D. (2020). PFIN (7th ed.) [pp. 331-341]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
100. A
Business plan. A business plan is the written document that is developed before starting a business. It explains the goals and objectives of the company and how the company intends to achieve those goals. Developing a business plan helps the business to be organized, understand the risks it might face, and develop strategies to overcome possible problems. A corporate report and an annual report are documents prepared to explain how a business is doing. They are often prepared for investors. A management plan explains the organization of a business.
SOURCE: SM:007, EI
SOURCE: LAP-SM-007—Plan Now, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)